Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 2. Convolutional block attention module.  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024014P. Liu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Fig. 4. SAM module.  

Fig. 3. CAM module.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

YWnet: A convolutional block attention-based fusion deep learning method 
for complex underwater small target detection 

Pingzhu Liu a, Wenbin Qian a, b,*, Yinglong Wang a 
a School of Computer and Information Engineering, Jiangxi Agricultural University, Nanchang 330045, China 
b School of Software, Jiangxi Agricultural University, Nanchang 330045, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Underwater target detection 
Deep learning 
Feature fusion 
Attention mechanism

71.3 
72.4 
74.5 
74.8 
73.7  

leads to an increase of 4.57 M and 12.9 G in parameters and computing 
power,  respectively.  The  decoupled  head  is  selected  as  the  detection 
head, which can locate and classify the underwater target position more 
accurately. The increase in parameters and computing power is 1.7 M 
and 0.5 G, respectively, and the increase in mAp and mAp50–95 is 0.4% 
and 1.1%, respectively. 

4.9. Comparison of different networks 

The URPC dataset is the source of the dataset studied in this paper. 
To evaluate the effectiveness of the algorithm designed in this paper, 
YWnet is compared with other advanced algorithms. Centernet (Duan 
et  al.,  2019),  Efficientdet  (Tan  et  al.,  2020),  FasterRCNN  (Ren  et  al., 
2017),  Retinanet  (Lin  et  al.,  2017),  SSD  (Liu  et  al.,  2016),  YOLOv4 
(Bochkovskiy et al., 2020), YOLOv7 (Wang et al., 2021), and YOLOx (Ge 
et al., 2021) are selected for the experiments.

The  design  challenges  of  detecting  targets  in  complex  underwater 
scenes can be attributed to the blurring of underwater images and the 
large amount of information contained in small targets. To solve these 
difficulties,  this  paper  proposes  a  new  deep  learning-based  method, 
YWnet,  which  provides  an  effective  solution  for  AUVs  in  the  task  of 
quantitative detection of underwater targets. First, the CBAM is intro-
duced  to  the  backbone  network  to  improve  the  feature  extraction  of 
image  information  in  the  initial  phases  of  the  image  input  network. 
Second,  this paper proposes the  SRC3 module to enhance the  feature 
extraction capability  of the backbone  network. At  the same time, the 
CRFPN is introduced as the feature fusion network to enhance the in-
formation  transmission  between  feature  maps  and  reduce  the  loss  of 
information. Finally, EIoU is employed as the loss function to accelerate

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in the research. Therefore, it is not possible to provide the requested information.