Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

While  the  proposed  framework  provides  an  alternative  way  to 
quantify the relationship between the environment and species traits, 
we detected some aspects that merit future research. UMAP is affected 
by  hyperparameters  such  as  the  number  of  neighbors  and  minimum 
distance (McInnes and Healy, 2018), which were maintained at fixed 
levels  for  this  study.  However,  further  analysis  should  provide  infor-
mation  on  how  hyperparameter  calibration  affects  the  performance. 
Since UMAP is a stochastic method, an assessment of how randomness 
affects  the  results  could  also  be  undertaken  to  obtain  an  estimate  of 
variability.

(cid:0) 1 to 1, and again, the closer to 1 the value, the better the model. The 
COR index is similar to the correlation coefficient but applied to a binary 
response. These indices are commonly used to assess species distribution 
models (Phillips and Elith, 2010). For comparative purposes, the UMAP 
runs  were  performed  by  fixing  the  hyperparameters  of  minimum  dis-
tance  at  0.005  and  the  number  of  neighbors  at  15  using  the  uwot 
package  (Melville,  2022)  with  the  R  language  version  4.2.1  (R  Core 
Team,  2022).  Moreover,  Maxent  3.4.4  (Phillips  et  al.,  2017)  was  run 
with its default parameters and 10 replications to compare the AUC of 
both models and to visualize their geographic distributions (Fig. 1-C5). 
MaxEnt runs were performed with the same data sets for species and 
background  points  and  with  the  same  selected  variables  presented  in 
Table 1.

comparison of our framework with the MaxEnt model, future research 
should also consider comparing this method with established models for 
species distribution using specific experiments and indices designed for 
such a purpose.

Cobos, M.E., Peterson, A.T., Osorio-Olvera, L., Jim´enez-García, D., 2019. An exhaustive 
analysis of heuristic methods for variable selection in ecological niche modeling and 
species distribution modeling. Ecol. Inform. 53 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
ecoinf.2019.100983. 

Cohen, J., 1960. A coefficient of agreement for nominal scales. Educ. Psychol. Meas. 20, 

37–46. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024449J. Lopez-Collado et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Deneu, B., Joly, A., Bonnet, P., Servajean, M., Munoz, F., 2022. Very high resolution 

Lobo, J.M., Jimenez-Valverde, A., Real, R., 2007. AUC: a misleading measure of the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state the method used to optimize the hyperparameters of the model. However, it mentions that the hyperparameters of minimum distance and the number of neighbors were fixed at 0.005 and 15, respectively, during the UMAP runs. This suggests that no optimization technique like grid search or random search was employed in this particular study. Instead, the authors chose to maintain these hyperparameters at fixed levels. Nevertheless, they acknowledge the need for further investigation into how hyperparameter calibration might affect the model's performance.