Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

by  subtracting  the mean  and dividing by  the standard deviation.  The 
“add datepart” helper function of the library allows the specification of 
the date column which generates additional predictors such as “Year”, 
“DayofWeek”,  “DayOfYear”,  “Is  Month_End”  and  so  on.  Appendix  B 
highlights the list of categorical and continuous variables in the dataset 
after processing. 

4.3.2. Validation set creation and training architecture 

Model  training  is  typically  initiated  by  splitting  the  dataset  into 
training, test and validation datasets. As the name implies, training data 
is used for training, while validation data is used for selecting the model 
that works best after verification using the test data. It is customary to 
randomise the dataset before splitting when there is a class imbalance - 
stratification; but since this problem is like a time-series problem where

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

(cid:0) 4,  and  steep  value  of  1.3e

4). 

(cid:0)

4.3.3. Model evaluation 

In this section, the results of the deep learning model developed are 
presented. The model was trained to make day-ahead predictions of the 
three pollutants, but first, an appropriate evaluation metric had to be 
selected.  The  top  metrics  for  regression  problems  are  mean  squared 
error/root  mean  squared  error  (MSE/RMSE),  mean  absolute  error 

Fig. 12. A plot showing the model's training and validation losses against the 
number of epochs. It is worth noting that there was a gradual decrease in both 
losses  as  the  training  epochs  increased  which  indicates  that  the  model  was 
learning. Further training beyond 20,000 epochs would have either resulted in 
overfitting or no further drop in both losses.

4.3. Forecasting model training and evaluation 

Fastai was used for data pre-processing and model training. The li-
brary is built on the PyTorch framework and allows quick analysis using 
its  readily  encoded  best  practices.  The  aim  was  to  develop  a  model 
capable of efficiently making hourly predictions of the pollutant of in-
terest. This section introduces the data processing procedure, the net-
work's architecture used for training and the validation method. 

4.3.1. Meteorology data integration and dataset pre-processing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training include creating training, test, and validation datasets. Training data is used for training the model, while validation data is used for selecting the model that performs best after verification with the test data. In cases where there is a class imbalance, it is recommended to randomize the dataset before splitting, known as stratification. However, for time series problems, this may not apply due to the sequential nature of the data.