Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We	 accomplish	 this	 using	 supervised	 deep	 learning	 models.	 Deep	

F I G U R E   2  Example	of 	an	interpolated	GPS	track	collected	from	
a	single	razorbill	nesting	on	Colonsay	Island	off	the	east	coast	of	
Scotland	(RAZO0668).	The	location	of	the	colony	in	relation	to	the	
UK	is	shown.	The	green	dots	are	interpolated	GPS	locations,	and	the	
blue	open	circles	are	locations	where	dives	were	recorded	by	the	
TDR device

F I G U R E   1  The	locations	of 	colonies	where	European	shags	(a),	common	guillemots	(b)	and	razorbills	(c)	were	tracked	using	either,	GPS	and	
TDR	devices	(yellow	stars)	or	just	GPS	devices

ing	(ML)	methods	(where	a	labelled	dataset	is	used	to	learn	to	identify	

et	al.,	2008,	2009;	Kotzerka,	Garthe,	&	Hatch,	2009).	Early	methods	

known	classes)	to	predict	animal	behaviours	from	accelerometry	data	

of	 determining	 depth	 use	 by	 seabirds	 only	 allowed	 the	 maximum	

such	 as	 in	 cows	 (Martiskainen	 et	al.,	 2009),	 cheetahs	 (Grünewälder	

depths	reached	to	be	recorded.	More	recently,	however,	time–depth	

et	al.,	 2012)	 and	 penguins	 (Carroll,	 Slip,	 Jonsen,	 &	 Harcourt,	 2014).	

recorder	(TDR)	devices	have	been	used	to	record	dive	profiles	contin-

Nathan	 et	al.	 (2012)	 compare	 five	 supervised	 learning	 algorithms—

uously	(Dean	et	al.,	2012;	Shoji	et	al.,	2015;	Wanless,	Harris,	Burger,	&	

SVMs,	 linear	 discriminant	 analysis,	 random	 forest	 (RF),	 classification	

Buckland,	1997).

and	regression	trees	and	artificial	neural	networks	(ANN)—to	predict	

Much	 of	 the	 information	 about	 foraging	 behaviour	 has	 been

were	 predicted	 well,	 with	 most	 specificity	values	 between	 0.85	 and	

0.96.	The	sensitivity	was	highest	for	guillemots	and	shags	using	alti-

tude	and	coverage	at	0.40.	However,	for	razorbills,	all	variable	combi-

nations	resulted	in	sensitivity	values	of	0.70	and	0.90.

4 |  DISCUSSI ON

Using	the	combined	information	from	GPS	and	TDR	devices,	we	were	

able	to	train	deep	neural	networks	to	predict	the	diving	behaviour	of	

shags,	 guillemots	 and	 razorbills.	 The	 predictions	 are	 strong	 and	 well	

validated	 with	 known	 dive	 locations	 collected	 by	 TDR	 loggers.	 Our	

results	 show	 that	 we	 can	 correctly	 automatically	 predict	 non-	diving	

events	over	92%	of	the	time	and	diving	events	over	80%	of	the	time	

in	shags,	guillemots	and	razorbills.	The	use	of	Xbar,	Ybar,	altitude	and	

coverage	to	predict	diving	shows	how	GPS	data	can	be	used	to	moni-

tor	foraging	successfully.	Furthermore,	both	using	10-	fold	and	leave-

Received:	30	June	2017  |  Accepted:	13	October	2017
DOI:	10.1111/2041-210X.12926

R E S E A R C H   A R T I C L E

Predicting animal behaviour using deep learning: GPS data 
alone accurately predict diving in seabirds

Ella Browning1,2  | Mark Bolton3 | Ellie Owen4 | Akiko Shoji5 | Tim Guilford5 |  
Robin Freeman2

1Centre	for	Biodiversity	and	Environment	
Research,	University	College	London,	London,	
UK

2Institute	of	Zoology,	Zoological	Society	of	
London,	London,	UK

3RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Sandy,	Bedfordshire,	UK

4RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Inverness,	UK

5Department	of	Zoology,	Oxford	University,	
Oxford,	UK

Correspondence
Ella	Browning
Email:	ella.browning.14@ucl.ac.uk 
and
Robin Freeman
Email:	robin.freeman@ioz.ac.uk

Funding information
Natural	Environment	Research	Council,	Grant/
Award	Number:	NE/L002485/1

Abstract

1.	 To	 prevent	 further	 global	 declines	 in	 biodiversity,	 identifying	 and	 understanding	 key

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: In the given context, the researchers utilize a combination of Global Positioning System (GPS) devices and Time-Depth Recorders (TDR) to collect raw data on the behavior of European shags, common guillemots, and razorbills. These devices allow them to track the location and movement patterns of these birds, as well as record their dives and other underwater activities. This data is then used to train deep neural networks to predict the diving behavior of these birds. It appears that the researchers do not rely on publicly available datasets or survey responses, but rather gather their own primary data through the deployment of specialized tracking equipment.