Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Pre-processing of imagery

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

; Eastingi

þ β

loc:cont:xloc:cont:
Þ

i

ð1Þ

and f() was a smooth function using the MRF basis. We ﬁt models at
all scales for all four sites independently, and corrected for multiple
comparisons using the ‘false discovery rate’ method in the R function
“p.adjust” (which uses the method of Benjamini and Yekutieli, 2001).
See Supplementary data for R code to ﬁt these models. To illustrate
the workﬂow associated with the processing and classiﬁcation of the
imagery, gridding at the scale of the DEM, scaling up, and ﬁtting
GAMs, see Fig. 3.

3. Results

3.1. Preprocessing, classiﬁcation, and model diagnostics

the histogram of values for the band in question for breakpoints
in order to choose thresholds. Different bands were helpful for
segmenting and classifying different images. For 2009 NAIP images,
NDVI as well as mean values of different bands (e.g., green, infra-red),
or overall image brightness were often helpful (and for one site, Bald
Hills, per-pixel texture variables calculated for the red band in addition
to the image bands and NDVI were needed in order to discriminate
between classes); for historical imagery the image brightness value
worked well, in addition to contrast, homogeneity, dissimilarity and
second moment (see Supplementary data for example eCognition rule
sets).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any specific data augmentation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline. However, it discusses some pre-processing steps taken on imagery data such as segmentation, classification, fitting models at various scales, correcting for multiple comparisons, and using different bands or features like NDVI, image brightness, contrast, etc. for better discrimination between classes. It also mentions the use of a smooth function using the MRF basis and GAMs. But there is no mention of any data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotation, scaling, etc. typically used in deep learning pipelines.