Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The traditional way of training machine learning models normally 
aims at avoiding the overfitting phenomenon (Ravoor and T.S.B., 2020; 
Santos and Papa, 2022). Indeed, the main concern about overfitting is 
that it occurs when the model performs well on the training data but 
generalizes  poorly  on  unseen  samples  (i.e.,  test  set).  In  the  privacy 
domain,  overfitting  has  also  been  shown  to  make  the  model  more 
vulnerable to privacy attacks as it results in the model memorizing more 
information  about  the  training  set  (Shokri  et  al.,  2017;  Song  et  al., 
2019).

3.2.1.1. Training process. Dtrain  is the training dataset, which is used for 
training the target model using the learning algorithm A. In contrast, DS 
functions as the attack dataset, completely separate from the training 
dataset  Dtrain,  and  consists  of  data  points  drawn  from  the  same  data 
distribution as the training samples in Dtrain. The adversary first trains 
the attack model using the attack training dataset DS  and the learning 
algorithm A, in such as way that the attack model mimics the behavior of 
the target model. T is the attack test dataset that is assumed to be both 
disjoint  from  Ds  and  Dtrain,  in  the  sense  that  it  is  composed  by  non- 
member  individuals  never  seen  before  by  Ds  and  Dtrain.  Once  the 
training of the attack model is finished, the adversary proceeds to query 
the  attack  model  using  both  the  attack  training  and  test  datasets, 
extracting  the  resulting  prediction  vectors  for  each  data  point.  More

• No-overfitting. In this setting, the optimization algorithm of CNNs is 
Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), with a learning rate of 0.0001 
and a weight decay of 0.5. The batch size is set to 32, the number of 
training epochs to 200 and finally the batch-norm and dropout (0.5) 
are used to reduce the overfitting level.  

• Overfitting.  We  use  the  same  hyperparameters  setting  as  the  no- 
overfitting  but  we  remove  the  use  of  batch-norm,  weight  decay 
and dropout techniques to ensure that the model overfits.

Evaluation 

set 

ID1,3 

120 
180 
254  

pictures for each id. First, the target training set is then used to train the 
target model while the validation and target test sets are respectively 
used to validate the hyper-parameters and assess the classification ac-
curacy of the target model. Second, the attack set contains examples of 
non-members that are required to be able to train the attack model. In 
addition, pictures of the target validation are used as representatives of 
members.  Finally,  the  evaluation  set  contains  non-members  whose 
identities are different from the one used to built the attack model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, the data is split into several parts for deep learning model training. These include the training dataset (Dtrain), the attack dataset (DS), and the attack test dataset (T).

The training dataset (Dtrain) is used to train the target model using the learning algorithm A. This dataset is not shared with the attack dataset (DS).

The attack dataset (DS) is used to train the attack model. It is completely separate from the training dataset (Dtrain) but consists of data points drawn from the same data distribution as the training samples in Dtrain.

The attack test dataset (T) is disjoint from both DS and Dtrain. It is composed of non-member individuals never seen before by DS and Dtrain. This dataset is used to test the performance of the attack model after its training is completed.

Additionally, there is mention of a target validation set and a target test set, although their specific roles are not explicitly defined in the context. However, based on common practices in machine learning, these sets could be used for validating hyperparameters and assessing the classification accuracy of the target model, respectively.

Therefore, the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training in this context seem to be based on the need to have separate datasets for training the target and attack models, as well as for testing their performances.