Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

Perhaps  more  promising,  however,  are  emerging  methods  that 
incorporate  the  human  ability  to  see  patterns  with  machine  learning 
methods used for classification, for example “human in the loop” clas-
sification (Buscombe et al., 2022). This could speed up the classification 
of  larger  areas,  and  might  also  enable  finer  classification  of  woody 
vegetation,  especially  in  the  NAIP  imagery.  This  method  could  be 
particularly successful using the four-band spectral information in the 
images  from  2009-present  to  try  to  differentiate  vegetation  types. 
Another possibility would be to use the Normalized Difference Vegeta-
tion  Index  (NDVI)  for  the  four-band  imagery  to  aid  in  classification.

To validate our methods, we assessed the accuracy and reliability of 
the  classification  for  the  2020  imagery  (for  which  we  had  access  to 
ground truth information). To assess accuracy for the 2020 classifica-
tions, authors M.V. Eitzel (MVE) and Sean Hogan (SH) each indepen-
dently classified the 2020 NAIP imagery using the methods summarized 
here and detailed in Appendix A. Author Daniel Sarna-Wojcicki (DSW) 
had conducted ground-based surveys in the research plots in 2020 and 
could  therefore  ground-truth  these  classifications.  SH  generated  a 
stratified random sample of points across all five sites (Stehman, 1996), 
resulting in 7437 total points. DSW classified each of the points based on 
his knowledge of the field sites. We then calculated kappa for both MVE 
and  SH’s  classifications,  to  assess  the  accuracy  of  each  compared  to 
DSW’s field-based knowledge (Lillesand et al., 2015; see Supplemental

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of NAIP (National Agriculture Imagery Program) imagery and massive training datasets. It also suggests the incorporation of information from online spectral libraries or other remote sensing products. The authors emphasize the importance of high-quality input data for accurate results when applying machine learning methods for image classification tasks. They discuss the limitations of using historical imagery due to its variable characteristics such as blurriness and distortion. Additionally, they propose the use of the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) for the four-band imagery to aid in classification.