Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection and processing

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

NEE  considering  a  maximum memory  of 6  h, which  is  lacking in  the 
literature.

due to instrument failure from 02 August 2016 to 08 September 2016. 
Therefore, we consider this period as a data gap, represented by the grey 
strips (Fig. 2). Fig. 2 (a) shows the time series of NEE and VPD, indi-
cating high and rising values (less negative NEE, implying a decrease in 
carbon uptake) during the summer season, March to May (MAM), and 
low and decreasing values (more negative NEE, implying an increase in 
carbon uptake) in the monsoon season, June to August (JJA), for both 
years. Since higher VPD reduces carbon uptake by plants (Scott et al., 
2004), pre-monsoon summer seasons are associated with lower carbon 
assimilation (less negative NEE) by the pine-dominated ecosystem. This 
signature is consistent with existing knowledge about plant’s sensitivity 
to VPD (Buckley, 2019; Burkhardt and Pariyar, 2016; Kerhoulas et al., 
2017; Roby et al., 2020; Wagle et al., 2015).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific criteria used to determine when training is complete. However, based on common machine learning practices, some possible criteria could include reaching a certain number of epochs or iterations, achieving a desired accuracy or performance metric, or observing a plateau in the validation loss. In this case, since no explicit criteria are mentioned, it cannot be definitively stated what criteria were used to determine when training was complete.