Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Knowledge of reproductive traits in exploited marine populations is crucial for their management and conser-
vation. The maturity status in fish is usually assigned by traditional methods such as macroscopy and histology. 
Macroscopic analysis is the assessing of maturity stages by naked eye and usually introduces large amount of 
error. In contrast, histology is the most accurate method for maturity staging but is expensive and unavailable for 
many  stocks  worldwide.  Here,  we  use  the  Random  Forest  (RF)  machine  learning  method  for classification  of 
reproductive  condition  in  fish,  using  the  extensive  data  from  Chilean  hake  (Merluccius  gayi  gayi).  Gonads 
randomly collected from commercial industrial and acoustic surveys were classified as immature, mature-active 
and  mature-inactive.  A  classifier  for  these  three  maturity  classes  was  fitted  using  RFs,  with  the  continuous

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Applying machine learning to predict reproductive condition in fish 

Andr´es Flores a,*, Rodrigo Wiff b, c, Carl R. Donovan d,e, Patricio G´alvez f 
a Independent Researcher, Vi˜na del Mar, Chile 
b Center of Applied Ecology and Sustainability (CAPES), Pontificia Universidad Cat´olica de Chile, Santiago, Chile 
c Instituto Milenio en Socio-Ecología Costera (SECOS), Chile 
d DMP Statistical Solutions UK Ltd, St. Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
e School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of St Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
f Divisi´on de Investigaci´on Pesquera, Instituto de Fomento Pesquero, Valparaíso, Chile   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Histology 
Gonadosomatic index 
Maturity 
Random forest 
Merluccius gayi gayi

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been successfully applied in 
teleost  and  elasmobranch  reproductive  biology,  used  to  determine 
maturation  condition,  sex,  and  spawning  habitats  (Brown-Peterson 
et al., 2021; Brownscombe et al., 2020; Rogers et al., 2017; Slembrouck 
et  al.,  2019;  Vitale  et  al.,  2006).  In  this  study,  Random  Forests  (RF) 
analyses  proved  to  be  similarly  effective  in  classifying  maturity  in 
Chilean hake, with high precision measured against the gold-standard of 
histological  staging.  The  RF’s  accuracy  in  classifying  immature  and 
mature-inactive females was notably high, in contrast to macroscopic 
analysis which generally misassigned these stages due to their similar 
external characteristics of the gonads – making them difficult to discern 
by  the  naked  eye,  even  for  experienced  scientific  observers.  This  is  a 
common  problem  in  macroscopic  analysis  beyond  Chilean  hake,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

I apologize, but the given context does not provide information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses the application of machine learning, specifically Random Forest (RF) method, in classifying reproductive condition in fish, particularly Chilean hake. The RF method uses extensive data from Chilean hake gonads, which were randomly collected from commercial industrial and acoustic surveys. These gonads were then classified into three categories: immature, mature-active, and mature-inactive. The RF classifier demonstrated high precision when compared to the gold standard of histological staging, especially in distinguishing between immature and mature-inactive females, where macroscopic analysis often failed due to the similar external characteristics of the gonads.