Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Deep learning

We used our previously developed algorithm for RGB-based tree
identiﬁcation, which was used at a single site (Weinstein et al., 2019).

20%. Given that the sites were selected to be as diﬀerent as possible,
and encompass a range of tree canopy conditions, this result under-
scores the ability of convolutional neural networks to learn ﬂexible
deep features. We expect that as more sites are included, the universal
model will continue to improve. This means that a way forward is to
combine pretraining from as many sites as possible. Given that each
NEON site has millions of trees, and there are dozens of sites with trees
collected annually, there is a possibility of pretraining on continental
scale. Because NEON sites are intended to represent all of the major
biogeographic regions in the United States, this broad scale pre-training
(in combination with existing local training data) has the potential to
reduce the need for new local training data by giving the model the
potential to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees (at
least those within the United States).

Tesla K80 GPU for 5 epochs. To align these unsupervised classiﬁcations
with the ImageNet pretraining weights, we normalized the RGB chan-
nels by subtracting the ImageNet mean from each channel. We then
retrained the network using the hand-annotated data for 40 epochs. For
more details of this approach see Weinstein et al. (2019). Data aug-
mentation of random ﬂips and translations was tested and found to
have little eﬀect on the ﬁnal score.

Within the ﬁeld of computer vision, there has been a broad shift
away from user-designed features toward approaches that learn fea-
tures from data using neural networks (Agarwal et al., 2018). There
have been few attempts to use learned features in tree detection (Dai
et al., 2018) due to the need for large amounts of labeled training data,
which is often diﬃcult or impossible to collect in ecological contexts.
Overall, generalization of deep learning algorithms across applications
in airborne remote sensing remains a challenging task (Zhu et al.,
2017). A typical neural network has millions of parameters and is
therefore at risk of overﬁtting when using the small datasets usually
available for training. Given the diversity of trees, ﬁnding general
features will require a combination of large training datasets and al-
gorithmic approaches that allow the neural networks to learn the
combination of features that characterize trees across forest types.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the network was retrained using hand-annotated data for 40 epochs, suggesting that some form of gradient descent optimization technique was likely employed. Common optimization techniques used in deep learning include Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam), Root Mean Square Propagation (RMSProp), and others. Without further context, it cannot be definitively stated which specific optimization technique was utilized in this case.