Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Labeling Time 
Training Time 
Turnaround 

Time 
Accuracy 

Very Short 
1.0 h 

4 h 

89.4% 

Short 
6.9 h 

22 h 

94.0% 

Very Long 
~3.5 h 

94 h 

98%  

4. Discussions 

The  development  of  deep  learning  methodologies  continues  to 
advance at an astonishing rate and be applied to various applications 
ranging from biomedical (Azghadi et al., 2020), hydrological processes 
in river channels (Talukdar et al., 2023) and agricultural (Olsen et al., 
2019) systems, to marine (Laradji et al., 2021; Saleh et al., 2022b), and 
environmental (Jahanbakht et al., 2022a) sciences. The application of 
deep learning technologies has been also used in profiling the ecosystem 
services of estuarine habitats by community members (Yee et al., 2023). 
In this paper, we extend the application of deep learning methodologies 
to advance state-of-the-art underwater fish video processing techniques 
applied to turbid waters.

We collected the FishInTurbidWater dataset and quickly and weakly 
labeled  it  to  contribute  to  the  first  weakly-supervised  fish  dataset  in 
turbid  waters.  We,  then  used  this  dataset  to  develop  two  novel  deep 
learning networks, one using semi-supervised contrastive learning for 
significantly  accelerated  model  deployment  time,  and  one  weakly- 
supervised  model  to  shorten  deployment  time,  while  providing  high 
accuracy. 

For  semi-supervised  contrastive  learning,  we  first  trained  a  self- 
supervised  contrastive  learning  model  and  then  fine-tuned  it  on  our

1.  Collecting and presenting a new fish dataset in turbid waters.  
2.  Weakly  labelling  this  dataset  to  provide  the  world’s  first  weakly 

labeled fish dataset in turbid waters.  

3.  Developing two novel deep learning models to achieve two different 

goals.  
a.  A  semi-supervised  model  for  accelerating  model  development 

speed from data collection to deployment.  

b.  A  weakly-supervised  model  for  accelerating  the  development 
time,  while  also  conserving  the  accuracy,  compared  to  the  fast 
semi-supervised model.

It  is  worth  noting  that  the  typical  operation  of  fully-supervised 
models  in  Table  3  is  extracted  from  a  recent  survey  paper  by  Saleh 
et  al.  (2022b),  which  is  mainly  focused  on  clear-water  scenarios. 
Therefore, a more accurate comparison between our semi- and weakly- 
supervised models with a fully-supervised deep learning in both clear 
and turbid waters is required. We believe that applying the clear-water 
models of Saleh et al. (2022b) in turbid water situations (like our Fish-
InTurbidWater dataset) would dramatically degrade their performance. 
Besides,  the  approximate  turnaround  time  in  Table  3  is  measured 
against a non-experienced human agent. Here, we added an extra 30% 
to  the  labeling  time  of  fully-supervised  networks  to  consider  the 
necessary  double-checks  and  quality  controls.  Overall,  these  numbers 
are only rough estimates of the required time, and they heavily depend

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models. Therefore, I cannot determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other hardware resources were utilized during the training process. Please provide additional context if available.