Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

where very few images per classes are at disposal. Therefore, the dataset

a new task with a very limited dataset, usually only 1–5 thumbnails per 
class.

We used ResNet 100 (He et al., 2016) as our classic deep-learning 
algorithm.  Resnet  is  a  convolutional  neural  network  (CNN),  a  DL  ar-
chitecture which is able to both extract features from images and classify 
these images thanks to those features (Lecun et al., 2015). In order for a 
CNN  to  build  an  image  classification  model,  the  architecture  is  fed  a 
large dataset, composed of pairs of labels and images. Using this dataset, 
the algorithms change their inner parameters in order to minimize the 
classification  error,  through  a  process  called  back-propagation.  The 
ResNet architecture achieved the best results on ImageNet Large Scale 
Visual Recognition Competition (ILSVRC (Russakovsky et al., 2015)) in 
2015, considered the most challenging image classification competition. 
It is still one of the best classification algorithms, while being easy to use 
and implement.

There are two ways to tackle this problem of lack of data. The first 
one  consists  of  directly  addressing  the  data  itself,  through  data 
augmentation (Van Dyk and Meng, 2012; Wang and Perez, 2017; Wong 
et al., 2016). The second option is to change the classification algorithm. 
Few-shots learning (FSL) algorithms (Fei-fei et al., 2006; Fink, 2005) are 
designed to compute a classification task (query, noted Q) with only a 
few  thumbnails  to  train  (Support  Sets,  noted  SS),  and  it  has  been 
increasingly studied since 2017 (Finn et al., 2017). Few-shots learning 
methods are divided into three main approaches. Metric-based methods 
are embedding both queries (Q) and support sets (Ss), before assigning to 
the query a class, according to distances computed between Q and Ss 
(Sung et al., 2018; Victor and Bruna, 2018; Yanbin et al., 2019). The 
second approach consists of 1) training a model on a large database, and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention specific datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it does refer to using a dataset composed of pairs of labels and images to build an image classification model using a CNN like ResNet. It also mentions that ResNet achieved the best results on the ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Competition (ILSVRC) in 2015. Additionally, the text discusses tackling the issue of having a very limited dataset, typically only 1-5 thumbnails per class, by either augmenting the existing data or changing the classification algorithm to use few-shot learning methods.