Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To identify variables with the greatest potential to discriminate be-
tween classes of objects (e.g., species or fisher sex) we used a predictor 
screening analysis that uses bootstrap forest partitioning to evaluate the 
contribution  of  predictors  on  the  response  object.  For  each  response 
object  we  employed  predictor  screening  using  1000  decision  trees  to 
evaluate all 124 potential FIT metrics. We then used the top predictor 
variables to evaluate the dataset for two potential sources of bias, 1) the 
use of mirrored right front tracks instead of only left front tracks (foot 
position  bias)  and  2)  the  potential  for  bias  between  observers  when 
manually  marking  the  landmark  points  in  the  FIT  interface (observer 
bias) which is a somewhat subjective process. Foot position (left-front or 
right-front) of each track was recorded for each track during the feature 
extraction  process.  To  evaluate  observer  bias  we  had  3  different  ob-

We  used  a  stepwise  variable  selection  procedure  with  the  p-value 
serving as the decisive factor (threshold of 0.05) to select the variables 
that had the best discriminating power based on their F-ratios. We used 
linear  discriminant  analysis  to  generate  a  discrimination  line  (2  vari-
ables) or hyperplane (>3 variables) depending on the number of vari-
ables  in  the  resulting  model  to  classify  species  or  sex.  To  quantify 
uncertainty  in  classification,  we  then  generated  bands  of  uncertainty 
around  this  discrimination  hyperplane.  We  assigned  values  that  fall 
within these bands a probability value (p) indicating a level of certainty 
about the classification using a logistic regression model, as in Eq. (1) 

p =

1
1 + e(cid:0) 1

2 f ( x)

(1)

(2) 

Equation values >86.976 are classified as fisher and values less than 
this  value  are  classified  as  marten.  Statistical  summaries  of  measure-
ments for the most important variables for species identification from 
predictor  screening  and  the  final  species  discrimination  model  are 
detailed in Table 2. 

3.4.2. Fisher sex discrimination

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not mention any specific deep learning models like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers being used in the pipeline. Instead, it describes the use of a predictor screening analysis that employs bootstrap forest partitioning to evaluate the contribution of predictors on the response object. This method involves building 1000 decision trees to evaluate all 124 potential FIT metrics. After selecting the top predictor variables, linear discriminant analysis is used to generate a discrimination line or hyperplane, depending on the number of variables in the resulting model, to classify species or sex. Uncertainty in classification is quantified by generating bands of uncertainty around this discrimination hyperplane. A logistic regression model is then applied to assign probabilities to values within these bands, indicating a level of certainty about the classification. Therefore, no specific deep learning model appears to be mentioned in the given context.