Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1. Dataset description 

A detailed description of the collected dataset is given in this section. 
A publicly available dataset of environmental microorganisms EMDS-6 
is  used  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  architecture.  The 
considered  dataset  consists  of  840  different  images  of  environmental 
microorganisms having 21 categories consisting of 40 images for each 

Operating system 
Processor 
RAM 
Programming language 
Development environment 
Input dataset 
Input dimensions 
Batch size 
Loss 
Activation function 
Learning rate 
Epochs 
Optimizer 

MAC OS 
Apple M1- Chip 
8 GB 
Python 3.6.5 
TensorFlow 2.2.0, Keras 2.4.0 
EMDS-6 
224 × 224 
32 
Categorical Cross Entropy 
GELU 
0.002 
100 
AdamW

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

capable of learning weights for a generalized trained model on the un-
seen test set of EMDS-6. In model optimization learning rate was set to 
0.002 and the batch size was set to 32. The proposed model is trained for 
100 epochs with optimizer AdamW and the activation function GELU 
which  are  chosen  very  carefully  due  to  their  effectiveness  with  the 
proposed  model  for  the  considered  dataset.  Finally,  the  default  loss 
function  cross-entropy  is  used  to  calculate  the  loss  of  the  proposed 
network. By considering all the results of this section taken into account 
it was found that the proposed model EMViT-Net may be considered as 
fast and more reliable due to its low computational cost and efficiency. 
The loss and accuracy curves of the reported network are given in 
Fig.  5.  which  represents  training  and  validation  accuracy  with  their 
corresponding loss for the proposed model EMViT-Net with a specific

3.3. Experimental setup 

The system configuration used for training and experiments of the 
proposed model is given in Table 2. The proposed model EMViT-Net uses 
a kernel of size 3 and strides with size 1 for feature extraction from the 
convolutional  layer  and  generates  enriched  feature  spaces. To  reduce 
the size of extracted feature space max-pooling and average pooling are 
applied to look up the maximum and average value of generated feature 
spaces. To illustrate the point-wise and depth-wise combination of local 
convolutional  features  a  separable  convolutional  parameter-sharing 
attention block is added and batch normalization is applied to ensure 
the stable training and faster convergence of the proposed model. 

3.4. Performance evaluation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the information provided, it appears that the deep learning model was trained using the Apple M1 chip and 8GB RAM. However, there is no explicit mention of whether GPU or TPU resources were utilized during the training process. Therefore, based solely on the given context, we can only confirm that the model was trained using an Apple M1 chip and 8GB RAM.