Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone 

Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone was performed using 
classical meta-metric learning architectures adapted from the EasyFSL

As  a  result,  fine-tuning  a  pretrained  DenseNet  on  the  Darksound 
dataset returned the highest DBCV scores in all cases, except RN com-
bined  with  AlexNet  fine-tuned  on  5  way-5  shot  tasks  (Table  4.3).  In 
addition, highest ARI and AMI scores were obtained in all cases using a 
pretrained  DenseNet,  except  with  MN  combined  with  ResNet18  fine- 
tuned  on  5  way-1  shot  tasks  (Table  4.2).  This  illustrates  the  impor-
tance of the DBCV score for determining the optimal CNN backbone for 
fine-tuning  the  model  without  knowledge  of  the  ground  truth  labels. 
Note  that  the  backbone  VGG16  never  performed  well  whatever  the 
configuration. 

Training  the  model  for  100  epochs  consumed  more  energy  when 
fine-tuning was performed on 5-way 5-shot tasks than on 5-way 1-shot 
tasks. The pretrained DenseNet consumed the most energy in 5 out of 6 
cases (Fig. 8).

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model. However, we can infer some aspects based on the given context.

Firstly, the study uses a diverse dataset called Darksound, which is likely to contribute to the generalizability of the model. Secondly, the authors mention that they use classical meta-learning architectures adapted from EasyFSL, suggesting that they may have employed techniques such as transfer learning or domain adaptation to enhance the model's ability to perform well across different datasets.

Additionally, the authors discuss the importance of the DBCV score for determining the optimal CNN backbone for fine-tuning the model without knowledge of the ground truth labels. This indicates that they may have used evaluation metrics like DBCV, ARI, and AMI to assess the performance of their model during development, which could help ensure its generalizability.

However, the text does not explicitly state whether the researchers used methods like cross-validation or stratified splitting to further validate the model's performance. Therefore, while some measures appear to be taken to promote generalizability, the full extent of these efforts remains unclear based solely on the provided context.