Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 2. Overview of the study area: Land Use / Land Cover Map (LULC) source: (MELCCFP, Q, 2022).  

Table 1 
Data types used in this study.  

Dataset 

LULC 

Temporal 
R. 

Spatial 
R. 

Data 
type 

Sources 

Annual 

10 m 

Raster 

MNT-Lidar 

– 

1 m 

Raster 

Weather data 

Daily 

2.5 km 

Raster 

Database of parcels and 
declared agricultural 
production (BDPPAD) 
Geobase of the Qu´ebec 
hydrographic network 
(GRHQ) 

Geobase Adresses Qu´ebec 

Annual 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

Vector 

Vector 

Vector 

(MELCCFP, Q, 
2022) 
(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.F, 2020) 
(Mai et al., 
2020) 
(FADQ, 2022) 

(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.d.F, 2016) 

(Minist`ere, d.r. 
n.e.d.F, 2015)  

flight time and performance. Flying time and performance is linked to 
many weather factors like temperature, wind, precipitation, solar radi-
ation, and these factors combined dictate if and when honey bees will 
take flight.

The rules for this Apis-FIS subsystem are: 
IF (LCWTSuit is VL) THEN (ApisSuit is VLS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is L) OR (DistSuit is UP) THEN (ApisSuit is LS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is M) THEN (ApisSuit is MS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is H) OR (DistSuit is AP) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is HS) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
To  implement  our  FIS  models,  we  use  the  fuzzy  logic  toolbox  of 
Matlab 2023b. This toolbox provides large capabilities to choose several 
membership functions and to build any desired set of inference rules. 

Fig. 14. Response surface of LCWTSuit and ApisSuit.  

2.4. Apis-FIS model validation

the  InVEST  pollination  model  with  Apis  Melliferas  as  the  key  animal 
pollinator to qualitatively and quantitatively assess the food resources 
(nectar and pollen) and nesting position provided by LULC.

accurate  than  the  map  inform  by  literature  knowledge  information. 
Other studies have noted that reducing the pixel size from 25 m to 5 m in 
urban areas increases the value of the pollination model (Grafius et al., 
2016). Furthermore, Rayner et al. (2021) found that reducing the pixel 
size from 100 to 10 m yield the prediction of abundance of wild bees by 
43%. As a result, they recommend using the 10 m resolution pixel in an 
agricultural context to make more accurate decisions when interpreting 
the output of the crop pollination model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details about the hyperparameters used in a deep learning model such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, it is not possible to determine what hyperparameters were used based on the available information.