Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Regarding the DL framework, our proposed models were based on the most typical
type of neural network, using pixel-wise inputs due to the characteristics of the data used
in this study. As mentioned in Section 2.4, general image-based CNN architectures may
not be appropriate for our data; applying one-dimensional CNN [81,82] or recurrent neural
networks [83] in the temporal domain, or graph convolutional networks for handling graph
structures between samples [84] should be interesting topics, as these are more advanced
approaches. Additionally, super-resolution using a generative adversarial network [85]
would further improve the spatial resolution of species richness map.

The training process was performed for a number of iterations in which all the training
data were exposed to the network until the loss function reached its minimum value. The
model score reached its maximum after approximately 5000 iterations with a NVIDIA
Titan X GPU (3584 CUDA cores). The number of trainable parameters was 85,569 and the
computational run-time was approximately 4 h with a training batch size of 1024.

Deep learning approaches have shown promising results in many scientiﬁc applica-
tions [67,68] but do not always guarantee better outcomes [69,70]. Therefore, we compared
the performance of the proposed DL model with a RF regression model as a baseline, since
RF showed reasonable results and is popular in various machine learning applications [71].
To determine the best values of the hyperparameters (number of trees, maximum tree
depths, and the maximum number of features) in the RF model, a grid search was used.

26. LeCun, Y.; Bengio, Y.; Hinton, G. Deep learning. Nature 2015, 521, 436–444. [CrossRef]
27. Zhang, L.; Zhang, L.; Du, B. Deep learning for remote sensing data: A technical tutorial on the state of the art. IEEE Geosci. Remote

Sens. Mag. 2016, 4, 22–40. [CrossRef]

28. Zhu, X.X.; Tuia, D.; Mou, L.; Xia, G.-S.; Zhang, L.; Xu, F.; Fraundorfer, F. Deep learning in remote sensing: A comprehensive

review and list of resources. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Mag. 2017, 5, 8–36. [CrossRef]

29. Lopatin, J.; Dolos, K.; Hernández, H.; Galleguillos, M.; Fassnacht, F. Comparing generalized linear models and random forest
to model vascular plant species richness using LiDAR data in a natural forest in central Chile. Remote Sens. Environ. 2016, 173,
200–210. [CrossRef]

30. Hakkenberg, C.R.; Zhu, K.; Peet, R.K.; Song, C. Mapping multi-scale vascular plant richness in a forest landscape with inte-grated

31.

10 of 20

Table 1. Comparison of statistical accuracy metrics between the random forest and deep learning
models.

Model Types

MAE (Mean
Absolute Error)

RMSE (Root Mean
Square Error)

Bias

Correlation

Random Forest
Deep Learning

61.1028
28.8105

78.9512
38.5759

0.5656
10.2055

0.8843
0.9752

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it can be inferred that the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is images. This is indicated by several clues in the text. Firstly, the authors mention that their proposed models were based on the most typical type of neural network, using pixel-wise inputs. Pixel-wise inputs are typically associated with image data, where each pixel represents a specific color intensity value. Secondly, the authors discuss the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), which are commonly applied to image recognition tasks. Lastly, they compare their deep learning approach to Random Forest regression, which has been previously used to model vascular plant species richness using LiDAR data in a natural forest. LiDAR data is often represented as point clouds or raster images, further supporting the idea that the input data for the deep learning pipeline is likely in image format. However, without explicit confirmation from the authors, it cannot be definitively stated that other data formats such as audio, video, or CSV files were not also utilized in the deep learning pipeline.