Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Model evaluation

et  al.,  2017).  These  models  are  usually  the  most  computationally 
intensive, but also the most elegant as all integration is done through 
dataset specific likelihoods (Fig. 2h). 

2.3. Different engines

are not enough data available to reliably fit every type of model, espe-
cially  given  the  demanding  nature  of  some  machine  learning  ap-
proaches,  and  computation  time  can  be  a  considerable  limitation  as 
well, such as for more demanding Bayesian models. The package will 
raise warnings and highlighted messages in case the provided informa-
tion is not sufficient for inferring a species distribution.

Although some engines support only linear response functions, non- 
linearity  can  be  introduced  through  specific  transformations  of  cova-
riates such as hinge, threshold, quadratic or product derivates, as done 
in the popular maxent/maxnet modelling approach (Merow et al., 2013; 
Phillips et al., 2017). Functionalities to create such derivates are readily 
available when adding covariates to a distribution model (see SI Fig. 1 
and  code  examples  in  the  supplementary  materials).  Each  of  the 
different engines support different types of integration, with some en-
gines being more flexible than others. For example, priors on coefficients 
can in some cases only constrain the directionality of response functions 
(Hofner et al., 2011), and in other cases also the magnitude of expected 
changes in relation to environmental covariates. An comparative over-
view of the capacities of each engine can be found online (https://iiasa. 
github.io/ibis.iSDM/l).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the hyperparameters used in any deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based solely on this context. However, common hyperparameters used in deep learning models include learning rate, optimizer, batch size, number of epochs, and regularization parameters like L1 and L2 penalties.