Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

Dimitri Korsch is a Research Associ-
ate in the Computer Vision Group at
Friedrich  Schiller  University  Jena,
Germany.  He received his BSc and
MSc  degree  in  IT-Systems  Engi-
neering from University of Potsdam
in  2013  and  2016,  respectively.  His
research  interests  include  unsuper-
vised  machine  learning,  reinforce-
ment learning as well as fine-grained
visual categorization.

Paul  Bodesheim  earned  the  degrees
“Diplom-Informatiker”  and  “Dr.-
Ing.”  from  the  Friedrich  Schiller
University  Jena,  Germany,  in  years
2011 and 2017, respectively.  He was
a  Research  Associate  at  the  Max
Planck  Institute  for  Biogeochemis-
try,  Jena  from  2015  to  2018.  Since
2018, 
a  Postdoctoral
Researcher in the Computer Vision
Group at the Friedrich Schiller Uni-
versity  Jena,  Germany,  where  he  is
currently  a  team  leader  for  Com-
puter Vision and Machine Learning. His research interests
comprise novelty detection, open set recognition, and life-
long learning of visual object categories, including learning
from  small  and  imbalanced  data,  as  well  as  fine-grained
recognition with applications in biodiversity research.

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

32. M. Simon, E. Rodner, and J. Denzler, “Part detector
discovery  in  deep  convolutional  neural  networks,”  in
Asian  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  (ACCV)  (2014),
pp. 162–177.

33. Van G. Horn, O. Mac Aodha, Y. Song, Y. Cui, C. Sun,
A.  Shepard,  H.  Adam,  P.  Perona,  and  S.  Belongie,
“The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection
Dataset,” in IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2018), pp. 8769–8778.
34. G. Yang and D. Ramanan, “Upgrading optical flow to
3D scene flow through optical expansion,” in Proceed-
ings  of  the  IEEE/CVF  Conference  on  Computer  Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2020), pp. 1334–1343.

PATTERN RECOGNITION AND IMAGE ANALYSIS 

 Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

488

RADIG  et  al.

We then trained a standard deep learning classifier
(ResNet-50 [16] pre-trained on ImageNet [30]) on the
cropped  bounding  box  images  of  the  detected  moths
and  achieved  an  average  accuracy  of  89.00%  on  an
held-out test set. We also make use of additional images
obtained  from  Internet  image  search  engines  to  aug-
ment the training dataset. However, since this leads to
noisy annotated images, filtering different types of label
noise  is  required  as  proposed  by  [6].  This  can  further
improve  the  recognition  performance  of  the  system,
especially when the initial training set has been rather
small with less than ten sample images per species.

CONCLUSIONS

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, it discusses some aspects related to improving the robustness and reliability of deep learning models. For instance, the authors used a ResNet-50 model pre-trained on ImageNet, which helps reduce variability due to random initialization. They also augmented their training dataset using additional images obtained from internet search engines, but they had to apply filtering techniques to deal with noisy annotations. These methods contribute to enhancing the overall performance and stability of the deep learning pipeline, although they do not directly address handling randomness caused by factors like random seed values.