Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines, Decision Trees, Boosting, 
and Random Trees (Yang et al., 2010). However, a growing subarea in 
machine learning, called deep learning, can leverage large image data-
sets  to train  deep neural networks such as  Convolutional Neural  Net-
works (CNNs) (Jordan and Mitchell, 2015) to make accurate predictions 
on new, unseen images.

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models 

The  You  Only  Look  Once,  or  YOLO,  family  of  models  are  open- 
sourced  computer  vision  models  used  for  detecting  objects.  These 
state-of-the-art, single-stage detector models created by Ultralytics are 
built on PyTorch machine learning framework (Ultralytics, 2023). The 
YOLOv5 family consists of 5 different versions that differ in complexity 
including the nano (n), small (s), medium (m), large (l), and extra-large 
(x)  detector  models.  Each  version  of  YOLOv5  contains  a  different 
number of  layers  and  parameters, which  differ in  model sizes.  Model 
accuracy is  lost  when size  is  reduced,  but training speed  is  improved 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025402I. Grijalva et al.

A CNN is a deep neural network that can be used to process any data 
with  a  grid  pattern,  including imagery  data  (Yamashita et  al., 2018). 
Deep neural networks, particularly CNNs, have been successfully used 
for pattern recognition in a diverse range of insect images because of 
their higher performance in detection and classification tasks compared 
to traditional machine learning approaches (Hansen et al., 2020; Motta 
et al., 2020; O'Shea and Nash, 2015). CNNs perform mathematical op-
erations focusing on convolution operations, which is a linear operation 
that  can  extract  image  features  useful  for  detection  and  classification 
tasks (Yamashita et al., 2018). The use of CNNs to identify species is 
rapidly growing in entomology (Høye et al., 2021). Different tasks, such 
as  manual  identification and  counting, can be  performed  using CNNs 
and potentially aid or even replace humans in key scouting activities. To

2.3. Imagery splitting ratio 

We split the dataset in a ratio of 80:10:10 for training, validation, and 
testing sets, respectively. This ratio was used due to prior evidence of 
exceed performances in detecting small insects and diseases using deep 
learning models (Kiratiratanapruk et al., 2022; Krishnadas and Sampa-
thila, 2021; Mulchandani et al., 2019). The training dataset consisted of 
1543 images, 243 images for the validation set, and 247 images for the 
testing set and all were at input resolution of 640 × 640 pixels. The 1280 
× 1280 pixels input resolution consisted of 1637 images for the training 
set, 255 images for the validation set, and 262 images for the testing set. 
Independently,  we  trained  5  different  versions  of  the  YOLOv5  model 
family  including:  YOLOv5n,  YOLOv5s,  YOLOv5m,  YOLOv5l,  and 
YOLOv5x models to detect alates on sorghum leaves. 

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The pipeline uses a specific type of deep learning model known as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). CNNs are a class of deep neural networks that are primarily used for processing grid-like data, such as images. They have gained popularity in various fields, including entomology, due to their superior performance in detection and classification tasks compared to traditional machine learning methods. In this case, five different versions of the YOLOv5 model family, namely YOLOv5n, YOLOv5s, YOLOv5m, YOLOv5l, and YOLOv5x, are employed to detect alates on sorghum leaves. These models belong to the YOLO (You Only Look Once) family of object detection models, which are built on the PyTorch machine learning framework.