Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

Maier, P.M., Keller, S., Hinz, S., 2021. Deep learning with wasi simulation data for 

estimating chlorophyll a concentration of inland water bodies. Remote Sens. 13, 718. 
https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13040718. 

Novo, E.M.L.M., Steffen, C.A., Braga, C.Z.F., 1991. Results of a laboratory experiment 
relating spectral reflectance to total suspended solids. Remote Sens. Environ. 36, 
67–72. https://doi.org/10.1016/0034-4257(91)90031-Z. 

Olmanson, L.G., Brezonik, P.L., Bauer, M.E., 2013. Airborne hyperspectral remote 

sensing to assess spatial distribution of water quality characteristics in large rivers: 
The mississippi river and its tributaries in minnesota. Remote Sens. Environ. 130, 
254–265. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2012.11.023.

The water samples were divided into calibration and testing (75% 
and 25%, respectively) sets randomly. Prediction models were trained 
on  the  calibration  set  using  5-repeated  10-fold  cross-validation.  The 
coefficient of determination (R2), root mean square error (RMSE), Lin’s 
concordance correlation coefficient (LCCC) and bias were used to assess 
the  performance  of  the  models  in  calibration,  validation,  and  testing 
steps. The model development was conducted in the R 4.1.0 software (R 
Development Core Team, Vienna, Austria).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To evaluate the performance of the deep learning model, several metrics are used. In this case, the coefficient of determination (R2), root mean square error (RMSE), Lin’s concordance correlation coefficient (LCCC), and bias are employed. These metrics help assess the model's performance during calibration, validation, and testing steps.

The coefficient of determination (R2) measures how well the predicted values fit the actual values. It ranges from 0 to 1, where 1 indicates a perfect fit between the predicted and actual values.

Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) is another metric used to measure the difference between the predicted and actual values. Lower RMSE values indicate better predictions.

Lin’s Concordance Correlation Coefficient (LCCC) evaluates the agreement between two variables by measuring their relationship and correspondence. An LCCC value close to 1 suggests strong agreement between the predicted and actual values.

Bias is a measure of systematic error or deviation from the true value. It helps identify any consistent overpredictions or underpredictions made by the model.

These four metrics provide valuable insights into the performance of the deep learning model when applied to hyperspectral data for predicting water quality parameters.