Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

Finally, the deployment of large-scale computing in the context of 
ecoacoustics with DL often requires the use of many technologies with a 
significant environmental footprint. It is important to take this ecolog-
ical impact into account by estimating the energy consumption, as well 
as the use of resources on which it depends (e.g. rare earth minerals or 
electronic waste considerations (Lostanlen et al., 2021)). Systematic use 
of units of power should also be taken into account in the choice of the 
models, since to be really efficient, a model must have good clustering 
performances as well as low energy consumption, especially when the 
purpose  of  the  analysis  is  related  to  environmental  preservation  and 
biodiversity conservation. Although using a pretrained DenseNet made 
it possible to improve the quality of clustering in the best way, it also led 
to  the  highest  energy  consumption.  Meaning  that  the  best  clustering

3.3. Comparative analysis of CNN backbones 

Comparative  analysis  of  CNN  backbones  was  accomplished  to 
determine  the  optimal  CNN  architecture  to  use.  Original  feature 
extraction part of the meta-learning algorithms was replaced with four 
CNN  pretrained  on  the  ImageNet  dataset,  that  is  ResNet18,  VGG16, 
DenseNet121 and AlexNet. Recent work has shown that the addition of 
pretrained networks can improve the classification (Yang et al., 2020). 
The selection of pretrained CNNs was based on the ranking of standard 
off-the-shelf CNN architectures used in the context of eco-acoustics with 
DL  (Stowell,  2022)  to  highlight  their  energy  consumption.  Other  ar-
chitectures  such  as  DNN  models  optimized  for  embedding  systems 
requiring  low  power  consumption  (Velasco-Montero  et  al.,  2018)  or 
traditional  audio  feature  extraction  (Lakdari  et  al.,  2024)  could  be 
investigated further in the future.

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment.