Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

Ecological Informatics 57 (2020) 101086

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Correcting the eﬀect of sampling bias in species distribution modeling – A
new method in the case of a low number of presence data
Yi Mouaa,b,⁎

, Emmanuel Rouxb, Frédérique Seylerb, Sébastien Briolantc,d

T

a ESPACE-DEV, UMR 228 (IRD, UM, UR, UA, UG), Université de Guyane, Cayenne, French Guiana
b ESPACE-DEV (IRD, Univ Montpellier, Univ La Réunion, Univ Guyane, Univ des Antilles), Institut de Recherche pour le Développement (IRD), Montpellier, France
c Unité de Parasitologie et Entomologie, Département des Maladies Infectieuses, Institut de Recherche Biomédicale des Armées, 19-21 Boulevard Jean Moulin, 13005
Marseille, France
d IRD, AP-HM, SSA, UMR Vecteurs – Infections Tropicales et Méditerranéennes (VITROME), IHU - Méditerranée Infection, Aix Marseille Université, 19-21 bd Jean Moulin,
13385 Marseille Cedex 5, France

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Sampling bias
Data scarcity
Species distribution models
Maxent

Species distribution models that only require presence data provide potentially inaccurate results due to sam-
pling bias and presence data scarcity. Methods have been proposed in the literature to minimize the eﬀects of
sampling bias, but without explicitly considering the issue of sample size.

A new method developed to better take into account environmental biases in a context of data scarcity is
proposed here. It is compared to other sampling bias correction methods primarily used in the literature by
analyzing their absolute and relative impacts on model performances.

z

i

=

sum

w
j S ij
∊

/sum

w
k X ik

∊

(3)

When using a species target group (Phillips et al., 2009), the sets P
and S will be diﬀerent. However, P and S will be the same if only the
target species is used to estimate the sampling eﬀort. The relative
sampling eﬀort is computed for each pixel of the study area and cor-
responds to the sampling bias within the environmental space. The
resulting map is then used to bias the random selection of background
points. The higher the sampling eﬀort of a cell, the greater is the like-
lihood to select a background site in it. The algorithm for the con-
struction of the biased background set is shown in pseudo-code in a
supplementary ﬁle.

Hereafter, the set of background sites selected with this method is

denoted as bg_Cenv.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not directly discuss the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline such as surveys, sensors, or public datasets. Instead, it focuses on correcting the effects of sampling bias in species distribution modeling when dealing with a low number of presence data. This research paper proposes a new method to address environmental biases in situations where there is data scarcity.

However, based on general knowledge about data collection methods for machine learning and deep learning applications, some common ways to collect raw data include:

1. Surveys: Data can be collected through various types of surveys, including online forms, phone interviews, or face-to-face interactions. These surveys often gather information related to user preferences, opinions, or behaviors.

2. Sensors: Various sensors can be employed to capture real-time data, such as temperature sensors, motion detectors, or GPS devices. These sensors are commonly used in Internet of Things (IoT) applications and can generate large volumes of time-series data.

3. Public Datasets: Many organizations and institutions release publicly accessible datasets that can be used for training machine learning algorithms. Examples include ImageNet for image classification tasks, UCI Machine Learning Repository for various datasets across different domains, and Kaggle competitions datasets.