Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The practice of data publication to date had been modeled using the 
paper publication processes as a guide (Borgman, 2016; Silvello, 2018). 
Data producers are typically also the authors of the data publication and 
make decisions on how to package the data using a variety of consid-
erations, including: order of authors who need to be included, theme of 
the  data,  time  range  of  the  data,  type  of  data,  expected  usage  needs, 
project goals, sponsoring organization, and/or scale of the data. Once 
the data have been submitted to a repository with appropriate metadata 
describing  the  data,  they  are  ideally  reviewed  by  the  repository  and 
published (e.g., Kakalia et al., 2019; O’Brien et al., 2016). Typically, the 
repository  assigns  a  DOI  to  each  published  dataset  and  provides  an 
automated  citation  using  DOI  schema  metadata  fields  (e.g.,  authors, 
title,  publication  year,  publisher)  (Fenner  et  al.,  2019).  Another

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

important component of the data publication process is specification of 
data usage rights/license by the authors. In this paper, we will refer to a 
published dataset as a data package. A data package contains one or more 
data files and the associated metadata needed to find, interpret, and use 
the data.

A key element of data integration is enabling the use and citation of 
that  integrated  data.  In  this  paper,  we  have  considered  several  ap-
proaches (Scalable Dynamic Data Citation, data collections, data papers) 
that attempt to address some of the challenges. However, there is still a 
need  to  systematically  evaluate  the  complex  socio-technical  issues 
around data producers and data consumers. Data producers are quickly 
becoming  an  important  fabric  of  the  complex  scientific  ecosystem 
enabling  new  modeling  and  machine  learning/artificial  intelligence 

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012516D.A. Agarwal et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the information regarding the deployment process of a trained deep learning model is not available. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to your query.