Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data and preprocessing 

2.2.1. High spatial resolution satellite image data

measurement data can be added in future studies to reduce the uncer-
tainty in the selected training samples and combined with other algo-
rithms to optimise the model and improve suitability for the complex 
terrain areas in high spatial resolution LAI estimation.

Weiss, M., Baret, F., 2016. S2ToolBox Level 2 products: LAI, FAPAR, FCOVER Version 
1.1. ESA Contract nr 4000110612/14/I-BG. https://api.semanticscholar.org/Corp 
usID:84831370. 

Wu, Z.J., Xu, H.Q., 2011. A new index for vegetation enhancements of mountainous 
regions based on satellite image data. J. Geo-Inform. Sci. 13 (5), 656–664. 
Wu, J., Chen, P., Fu, S.F., Chen, Q.H., Pan, X., 2023. Co-inversion of island leaf area 
index combination morphological and spectral parameters based on UAV multi- 
source remote sensing data. Ecol. Inform. 77, 1021190. 

Xiao, Z.Q., Liang, S.L., Wang, J.D., Chen, P., Yin, X.J., Zhang, L.Q., Song, J.L., 2014. Use 
of general regression neural networks for generating the GLASS leaf area index 
product from time-series MODIS surface reflectance. IEEE Trans. Geosci. Remote 
Sens. 52 (1), 209–223. 

Xu, T., Liao, J.J., Sheng, G.Z., Wang, J., Yang, X.H., Wang, M., 2016. Estimation of

Zhou et al. (2018) used homogeneous and pure pixel filter methods and 
pixel unmixing methods to select high-quality LAI training samples from 
MODIS products and used the support vector machine (SVR) algorithm 
to estimate high spatial resolution LAI. These studies prove that select-
ing  high-quality  LAI  products  from  global  LAI  products  as  training 
samples for empirical models is feasible.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, or scaling applied in a deep learning pipeline. However, it discusses the use of high spatial resolution satellite image data and the selection of high-quality LAI training samples from global LAI products using various methods like homogeneous and pure pixel filter methods and pixel unmixing methods. The study by Zhou et al. (2018) mentioned in the context uses these methods along with the support vector machine (SVR) algorithm to estimate high spatial resolution LAI. Therefore, while the context does not directly address the query regarding data augmentation techniques in a deep learning pipeline, it provides insights into the use of different methods for selecting high-quality training samples for empirical models in estimating high spatial resolution LAI.