Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Monitoring the impact of human activities on the environment is a major challenge as many pollutants can be 
found in the different ecosystems. This is the case of the caesium-137 that has been present in the environment 
for  many  decades  as  a  result  of  atmospheric  tests,  accidents  such  as  Chernobyl  and  release  from  nuclear  in-
dustries. With the recent advance in data-driven models, this study evaluate the relevance of a deep learning tool 
for reconstructing caesium-137 chronics particulate concentration in rivers. An encoder-decoder neural network, 
“Hierarchical  Attention-Based  Recurrent  Highway  Networks”(HRHN),  is  proposed  notably  for  its  ability  to 
extract the most relevant temporal and spatial information from the databases. Three monitoring stations were 
studied, one on the Rhˆone River and two on the Loire River, all of them downstream nuclear industries in these

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024636K. Pel´e et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

–  Attention  mechanism  (Bahdanau  et  al.,  2014):  is  a  neural  layer 
allowing the model to learn to weight the information provided by 
the encoder according to their importance at a given time in relation 
to the decoding of the target series. The model learns to focus on the 
most relevant elements in the input sequence for the prediction task.  

• Decoder with:  
–  Recurrent Highway network (RHN) (Zilly et al., 2016): of the same 

structure as the one present in the encoder

sequence to be highlighted. This is particularly useful for complex time 
series, where models may need to understand the relationship between 
distant elements in the sequence. The article (Tao et al., 2016) provides 
an architecture which combines a set of very interesting aspects (of the 
previously mentioned architectures): use of convolution, recurrent net-
works  and  an  attention  mechanism.  The  proposed  architecture  is  the 
encoder-decoder neural network Hierarchical attention-based Recurrent 
Highway Networks (HRHN), a model that has not yet been seen in the 
environmental  literature  (Chen  and  Li,  2020;  Shoham  and  Permuter, 
2018; Zhang et al., 2017) and has several advantages over other neural 
networks, including:

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement 

In this article, a multivariate modelling by a neural network encoder 
decoder the Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks 
Tao et al. (2016)is proposed for the prediction of 137Cs concentrations in 
SPM.  This  model  extracts  the  maximum  of  information  from  past 
exogenous  variable  from  river  (water  discharge,  release  and  washout 
flux)  with  encoder  part  using  convolution  layer  and  recurrent  layer 
(RHN)  to  generate  a  latent  representation.  A  layer  of  Hierarchical 
Attention  weighs  the  importance  of  this  representation.  Then  the 
decoder part processes this representation with the past history of the 
target  variable  using  an  recurrent  layer  (RHN)  for  predict  the  future 
concentration of 137Cs.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain any specific information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query based on the available information. However, it would be best to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly for more details regarding the data repository link.