Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

[13] Z. Quan, X. Lin, Z.-J. Wang, Y. Liu, F. Wang, and K. Li, “A
system for learning atoms based on long short-term memory
recurrent neural networks,” in Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE
International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine
(BIBM), pp. 728–733, IEEE, Madrid, Spain, December 2018.
[14] K. Cho, B. Van Merri¨enboer, C. Gulcehre et al., “Learning
phrase representations using RNN encoder-decoder for sta-
tistical machine translation,” 2014, https://arxiv.org/abs/1406.
1078.

[15] S. Hochreiter and J. Schmidhuber, “Long short-term mem-
ory,” Neural Computation, vol. 9, no. 8, pp. 1735–1780, 1997.
[16] M. Ravanelli, P. Brakel, M. Omologo, and Y. Bengio, “Light
gated recurrent units for speech recognition,” IEEE Trans-
actions on Emerging Topics in Computational Intelligence,
vol. 2, no. 2, pp. 92–102, 2018.

+is paper aims to predict the SST and the SWH for the
Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset.
+e proposed work is motivated by comparing the statistical,
machine learning, and deep learning models to understand
the performance gap of these models. +e results of this
work should provide scientiﬁc evidence on which model ﬁts
better the marine data. To anticipate the marine features
eﬃciently, the employed deep learning model combines the
gated recurrent units (GRU) with the regular neural net-
work. In the proposed architecture, the GRU layer is pre-
ceded by an input layer and followed by a fully connected
layer. As a result, the predicted values can be produced from
the output layer. To our knowledge, this is the ﬁrst use of a
GRU model architecture for forecasting SST and SWH.
Besides, four diﬀerent ML models have been utilized in the
current study, namely, Linear Regression (LR), Decision
Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Random

deep learning, and machine learning models for predicting the SSTand SWH on a real dataset obtained from the Korea Hydrographic
and Oceanographic Agency. +en, we proposed comparing these three predictive approaches on four diﬀerent evaluation metrics.
Experimental results have revealed that the deep learning model slightly outperformed the machine learning models for overall
performance, and both of these approaches greatly outperformed the statistical predictive model.

5. Experimental Results

5.1. Experimental Setup. +e experiments were performed
on a computer running 64-bit Linux OS with two 2.3 GHz
Intel 8-core processors. All of the utilized predictive
models were implemented in the Python programming
language version 3.8.5. Moreover, deep learning model
(i.e., GRU-DNN) implementation is performed using

Hidden layer (s) Outputlayer ...GRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcell...XXXX......Input layer...FClayerFClayerGRUlayer 8483, 2021, 1, Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1155/2021/8551167 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License8

Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not contain any explicit reference or link to the code repository of the deep learning pipeline used in the research. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact code repository link based solely on the provided text. It would be necessary to contact the authors directly or search for related publications or resources online to find the relevant code repository.