Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(continued on next page) 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025264J.M. Durden et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Table 1 (continued ) 

Component 

Field name 

Description 

Allowed values 

DarwinCore term 

Ecological Metadata Language 
term 

image- 
documentation- 
versions* 
image- 
documentation- 
biologicaldata* 
image- 
documentation- 
publications* 

Reference(s) to archived related 
versions of imagery (e.g., raw image 
set, processed/curated image set) 
Reference(s) to archived biological 
data extracted from this image set 
(e.g., OBIS dataset) 
Publications of studies based on this 
target population (e.g., peer- 
reviewed journal article, 
government report) 

DOI 

DOI 

DOI 

associatedReferences  

associatedReferences  

associatedReferences

in satellite and aerial images with deep learning. Sci. Rep. 9, 14259. 

Hampton, S.E., Strasser, C.A., Tewksbury, J.J., Gram, W.K., Budden, A.E., Batcheller, A. 

L., Duke, C.S., Porter, J.H., 2013. Big data and the future of ecology. Front. Ecol. 
Environ. 11, 156–162. 

Hartman, S.E., Bett, B.J., Durden, J.M., Henson, S.A., Iversen, M., Jeffreys, R.M., 
Horton, T., Lampitt, R., Gates, A.R., 2021. Enduring science: three decades of 
observing the Northeast Atlantic from the Porcupine Abyssal Plain Sustained 
Observatory (PAP-SO). Prog. Oceanogr. 191, 102508. 

Hill, J., Wilkinson, C., 2004. Methods for Ecological Monitoring of Coral Reefs: A 

Resource for Managers. Australian Institute for Marine Science. 

Horton, T., Marsh, L., Bett, B.J., Gates, A.R., Jones, D.O.B., Benoist, N.M.A., Pfeifer, S.,

ground,  image-acquisition-settings,  image-pixel-per-millimeter,  image-area- 
square-meter),  and  image  and  derived  data  curation  (image-curation- 
protocol, image-annotation-QAQC). Finally, the target population defini-
tion  should  include  information  about  any  ancillary  data  captured 
(image-other-data). Metadata fields for documentation (image-documen-
tation-capture,  image-documentation-processing,  image-documentation-ver-
image-documentation- 
sions, 
publications) are also included to facilitate connections between multiple 
image sets (see ‘Defining the target population at different phases of an 
imaging project’, below).

from environmental monitoring efforts, such as for deep-sea mining by 
the  International  Seabed  Authority  (data.isa.org.jm/isa/map/).  These 
repositories  typically  archive  raw  and/or  processed  photographs  and 
video,  capture  information,  image-derived  data,  and  data  collected 
synoptically with other sensors, which are archived at the dataset, image 
file, and/or biological specimen level, but are inconsistent in their re-
quirements for structured metadata that would align with FAIR princi-
ples (Wilkinson et al., 2016). Imagery-derived data are also collected in 
repositories of biological data, for example, the Ocean Biodiversity In-
formation  System  repository  accepts  information  about  biological 
specimens  (Horton  et  al.,  2021),  while  data  on  specimens  are  also 
incorporated  into  taxonomic  and/or  morphotype  catalogues,  with  a 
potential  framework  for  such  use  presented  as  (SMarTaR-ID;  Howell

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The table does not provide specific links to data repositories for the deep learning pipeline or any other components mentioned. It only lists the allowed values as DOI (Digital Object Identifier), which is used to uniquely identify digital objects like articles, datasets, and reports. To find the actual data repository link, one would need to search using the DOI or look for additional resources referenced in the paper.

Answer:::
Answer: The table does not provide specific links to data repositories for the deep learning pipeline or any other components mentioned. It only lists the allowed values as DOI (Digital Object Identifier), which is used to uniquely identify digital objects like articles, datasets, and reports. To find the actual data repository link, one would need to search using the DOI or look for additional resources referenced in the paper.