Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

a new task with a very limited dataset, usually only 1–5 thumbnails per 
class.

We used ResNet 100 (He et al., 2016) as our classic deep-learning 
algorithm.  Resnet  is  a  convolutional  neural  network  (CNN),  a  DL  ar-
chitecture which is able to both extract features from images and classify 
these images thanks to those features (Lecun et al., 2015). In order for a 
CNN  to  build  an  image  classification  model,  the  architecture  is  fed  a 
large dataset, composed of pairs of labels and images. Using this dataset, 
the algorithms change their inner parameters in order to minimize the 
classification  error,  through  a  process  called  back-propagation.  The 
ResNet architecture achieved the best results on ImageNet Large Scale 
Visual Recognition Competition (ILSVRC (Russakovsky et al., 2015)) in 
2015, considered the most challenging image classification competition. 
It is still one of the best classification algorithms, while being easy to use 
and implement.

Comput. Vis. 211–252. 

Salman, A., et al., 2016. Oceanography : Methods Fish Species Classification in 

Unconstrained Underwater Environments Based on Deep Learning, pp. 570–585. 

Shiu, Y., et al., 2020. Deep Neural Networks For Automated Detection of Marine 

Mammal Species, pp. 1–12. 

Stuart-smith, R.D., et al., 2013. Integrating abundance and functional traits reveals new 

global hotspots of fish diversity. Nature 501 (7468), 539–542. 

Sun, Q., Chua, Y.L.T., 2018. Meta-transfer learning for few-shot learning. Conf. Comput. 

Vis. Pattern Recognit. 403–412.

Underwater  cameras  are  widely  used  to  monitor  marine  biodiversity,  and  the  trend  is  increasing  due  to  the 
availability of cheap action cameras. The main bottleneck of video methods now resides in the manual processing 
of images, a time-consuming task requiring trained experts. Recently, several solutions based on Deep Learning 
(DL) have been proposed to automatically process underwater videos. The main limitation of such algorithms is 
that they require thousands of annotated images in order to learn to discriminate classes (here species). This 
limitation implies two issues: 1) the annotation of hundreds of common species requires a lot of efforts 2) many 
species are too rare to gather enough data to train a classic DL algorithm. Here, we propose to explore how few- 
shot learning (FSL), an emerging research field, could overcome DL limitations. Few-shot learning is based on the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is image classification. The text specifically mentions using ResNet 100, a type of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which is known for its ability to both extract features from images and classify these images based on those features. The goal of feeding a large dataset of labeled images into this CNN is to allow it to adjust its internal parameters and minimize classification errors through a process called back-propagation. Ultimately, the aim is to create an accurate image classification model capable of distinguishing between different classes or categories within the dataset.