Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A.1.2. Loading the pre-trained module 

By default, LaDeco employs the deeplabv3 þ resnet269 model. The deeplabv3 part is a semantic segmentation algorithm developed by Google 
(Chen et al., 2018), and Resnet269 is a 269-layer Resnet neural network (Zhang et al., 2020). Users can switch to other pre-trained models as needed 
(Please refer to https://cv.gluon.ai/api/model_zoo.html#). 

A.1.3. Setting the threshold 

The primary function of LaDeco is to calculate the pixel percentage of each landscape element in the image. Users can set a threshold to filter out 

negligible values; for example, values below 1% can be rounded to zero. This threshold is customizable. 

A.1.4. Output format

An  AI  platform  operates  on  a  Central  Processing  Unit  (CPU)  or 
Graphics Processing Unit (GPU). It uses MXNet to provide the essential 
modules and functions required for the program operation. 

The  programming  platform  encompasses  four  primary  computa-

tional functions:  

(1)  Analysis  Module:  Responsible  for  conducting  core  analytical 

tasks.  

(2)  Data Filtering Module: Filters irrelevant data.  

(1)  The computer initially read the images and forwarded them to the 

SS model.  

(2)  The SS model produced a pixel count for 150 objects.  
(3)  Any data that fell below a certain threshold were assigned a value 

of zero.  

(4)  Finally,  the  percentages  of  each  element  and  category  were 
calculated based on a visual landscape classification framework. 
The  results  were  then  exported  in  Comma-Separated  Values 
(CSV) format.

(4)  Computational efficiency 

Because  LaDeco  processes  image  data,  high-quality  Graphics  Pro-
cessing Units (GPU) are essential. In this study, for example, a total of 
8301 images were analyzed on a computer with 128GB RAM, an Intel-i9 
CPU,  and  a  Nvidia-RTX5000  GPU,  taking  a  total  time  of  5087  s  (an 
average of 0.61 s per image). To improve the processing speed, espe-
cially  when  dealing  with  large  datasets,  it  is  advisable  to  use  more 
advanced GPU. 

6. Conclusion

LaDeco has distinct functionalities with minimal overlap with other 
specialized  models,  making  it  ideal  for  integration  into  multi-model 
analyses.  For  example,  although  LaDeco  can  identify  four  types  of 
plants  in  its  landscape  analysis,  the  model  developed  by  Bayr  and 
Puschmann (2019) can be utilized for a more in-depth study of woody 
plants. Similarly, for specialized water landscape analyses, the Atlantis 
model by Erfani et al. (2022) can be incorporated. When used in com-
bination,  LaDeco  provides  a  global  overview,  whereas  specialized 
models  offer  in-depth  analyses  of  specific  elements  within  the  visual 
landscape. 

5.3. The utilization of LaDeco in visual landscape studies

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. The given context does not mention any details about using methods such as grid search or random search for hyperparameter optimization. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response to this query.