Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2

4 of 20

data sets: Two generated from photo interpretation and one ﬁeld validation data set. These results
will guide future large-scale spatial wetland inventory eﬀorts in Canada. If deep learning techniques
are found to generate better products, new wetland inventories projects should adopt deep learning
workﬂows. If shallow learning methods still produce comparable results, they should continue to
be used in wetland inventory workﬂow; however, deep learning architectures should still remain an
active area of research with regard to methods for wetland mapping.

The segmentation convolutional neural network was implemented in the Python programming
language using the Keras [79] deep learning library. The speciﬁc architecture used was a U-Net CNN,
which was originally developed for biomedical image segmentation [22]. The U-Net architecture
is based on a fully convolutional network and was used since it typically requires fewer training
patches and is able to train in a reasonable time [22]. A sample of the U-Net architecture can be seen in
Appendix B. The inputs used by our CNN model were: ARI, Band 2, Band 3, Band 4, DEM, NDVI,
Normalized Diﬀerence Water Index (NDWI), Plant Senescence Reﬂectance Index (PSRI), REIP, TPI,
Topographic Roughness Index (TRI), TWI, VBF, VH (Table 1). Note that these inputs were diﬀerent
from the XGB model, because diﬀerent inputs are needed to best optimize deep learning models. We

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2

8 of 20

CNNs 140 trained on a patch-level learn low- and high-level features from the remote sensing data. For example, 141 waterline edges which delineate marshes and open water may only need simple edge detection 142 convolution filters, while fens and bogs may be differentiated by subtle variations in texture or color 143 (i.e., visible flow lines in fens). Within the last couple of years, a number of studies have attempted to 144 use deep learning for wetland mapping in Canada over small areas and have achieved promising 145 results when compared to alternative shallow learning methods [20,51,52]. 146 With the current status of machine learning and the history of Canadian wetland mapping in 147 mind, we propose a simple goal for this study: To compare deep learning (CNN) classifications with 148 shallow learning (XGBoost) classifications for wetland class mapping over a large region of Alberta, 149 Canada (397,958 km2) using the most up-to-date, open source, fusion of data sources from

5. Conclusions

The goal of this study was to compare shallow learning (XGB) and deep learning (CNN) methods
for the production of a large-scale spatial wetland classiﬁcation. We encourage readers to view both
products via this link: https://abmigc.users.earthengine.app/view/cnn-xgb, and one of the products
can be downloaded via this link: https://bit.ly/2X3Ao6N. A comparison of the two products to
photo-interpreted validation data showed that CNN products outperform the shallow learning (XGB)
product in terms of accuracy by about 5–8%. The CNN product achieved an average overall accuracy
of 80.8% with a mean F1-score of 0.58. When compared to a small data set (n = 22) of ﬁeld data, the
results were inconclusive and both data sets showed little ability to distinguish between fen and bogs.
This ﬁnding could just be due to the small, spatially constrained data or it could highlight the mismatch
between on the ground conditions and large-scale landcover classiﬁcations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the dataset used in the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned as being part of any well-known datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, the authors mention that their input data consists of various indices derived from remote sensing data, including ARI, Band 2, Band 3, Band 4, DEM, NDVI, Normalized Difference Water Index (NDWI), Plant Senescence Reflectance Index (PSRI), REIP, TPI, Topographic Roughness Index (TRI), TWI, VBF, and VH. These inputs were specifically chosen to optimize the performance of the deep learning model used in this study, which is a U-Net convolutional neural network implemented in Python using the Keras deep learning library.