Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Performance  of  the  cluster  analysis  function  of  Kaleidoscope 
(recognizer  hereafter)  was  evaluated  by  estimating  its  precision  and 
recall rate, the two metrics most commonly employed for assessing bird 
recognizer performance (Knight et al., 2017). Precision was estimated 
by dividing the number of true positives (Nighthawk vocalizations) by 
the  total  number  of  candidate  sounds  within  the  cluster  “Nighthawk” 
(P´erez-Granados and Schuchmann, 2020a). The recall rate was obtained 
by dividing the total number of true positives detected by Kaleidoscope 
by the total number of Nighthawk vocalization on the validation dataset. 
The  validation  dataset  was  composed  of  210  15-min  recordings,  on 
which  an  experienced  observer  annotated  the  number  of  Nighthawk 
songs on each recording. The validation dataset was composed of: (i) 
120 recordings (40 per station) with confirmed presence of the species

2.6. Statistical analyses

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The performance of the deep learning model, specifically the cluster analysis function of Kaleidoscope (also known as the recognizer), is evaluated using two primary metrics: precision and recall rate. These metrics are commonly employed for assessing bird recognizer performance.

Precision is calculated by dividing the number of true positives (in this case, Nighthawk vocalizations) by the total number of candidate sounds within the cluster labeled as "Nighthawk". This gives us an understanding of how many of the identified sounds were actually correct identifications.

The recall rate, on the other hand, is determined by dividing the total number of true positives detected by Kaleidoscope by the total number of Nighthawk vocalizations present in the validation dataset. This metric provides insight into how well the system can identify all instances of the target sound (Nighthawk vocalizations) from the available data.

The validation dataset used for these calculations consists of 210 15-minute recordings, which have been manually annotated by an experienced observer to indicate the number of Nighthawk songs present in each recording. This dataset includes 120 recordings with confirmed presence of the species.