Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

More recently, there has been a great effort to automate the process 
of classification/mapping of specific targets using Deep Learning (Lecun 
et al., 2015) algorithms, such as the Deep Neural Network (DNN), which 
includes  a  learning  algorithm  based  on  an  artificial  neural  network 
(Langford et al., 2019). In this study, we developed a semi-automatic 
methodological approach for mapping burned areas in the entire Cer-
rado  biome  in  Brazil  using  Deep  Learning  techniques  available  on 
Google Cloud computing and Landsat 8 imagery, which consist of eleven 
spectral bands with a spatial resolution of 30 meters for bands 1-7 and 9, 
15 meters for band 8, and 100 meters for bands 10 and 11. We did not 
use  Landsat-7  imagery  because  of  the  data  gaps  observed  images  ac-
quired after 2003, which would substantially affect the spatial coverage 
of  our  analysis.  We  assessed  accuracies  and  compared  our  mapping 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study region

5. Conclusions 

Our  alternative  approach,  based  on  a  semi-automated  technique, 
remotely sensed data, and deep learning algorithm available on Google 
Cloud  Storage  and  Computing,  allowed  us  to  map  burn  scars  in  the 
Cerrado biome in Brazil with high overall accuracy (97%). We achieved 
these results because of the geometrically corrected and preprocessed 
Landsat  data  available  on  Google  Earth  Engine  Platform  and  the  ca-
pacity of Deep Learning techniques to differentiate spectral signatures of 
burned and unburned areas in the study area. 

The high accuracy achieved by our mapping approach demonstrates 
that deep learning algorithms can be successfully applied to the remote 
sensing  field  using  large  remote  sensing  datasets  and  extensions, 
requiring low time and labor demand. Our proposed mapping approach 
created new perspectives on fire scar detection by producing a technique 
that is accurate, promising, and replicable to other regions.

RemoteSensingApplications:SocietyandEnvironment22(2021)10047210V.L.S. Arruda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

USGS, United State Geological Survey, 2020. Landsat missions. Available at: https:// 

www.usgs.gov/land-resources/nli/landsat. 

Zhang, Q., Xu, J., Xu, L., Guo, H., 2016. Deep convolutional neural networks for forest 

fire detection. Int. Forum Manag. Educ. Inf. Technol. Appl. 568–575. 

Zhu, Z., Woodcock, C.E., 2014. Automated cloud, cloud shadow, and snow detection in 
multitemporal Landsat data: an algorithm designed specifically for monitoring land 
cover change. Remote Sens. Environ. 152, 217–234. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
rse.2014.06.012. 

RemoteSensingApplications:SocietyandEnvironment22(2021)10047211

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Remote Sensing Applications: Society and Environment 

journal homepage: http://www.elsevier.com/locate/rsase 

An alternative approach for mapping burn scars using Landsat imagery, 
Google Earth Engine, and Deep Learning in the Brazilian Savanna 

Vera L.S. Arruda a, b, Valderli J. Piontekowski a, Ane Alencar a, Reginaldo S. Pereira b, Eraldo A. 
T. Matricardi b, * 
a Amazon Environmental Research Institute (IPAM), SCN 211, Bloco B, Sala 201, Brasília, 70836-520, Brazil 
b Forestry Department, College of Technology, University of Brasília, Campus Darcy Ribeiro, Brasília, 70910-900, Brazil   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Cerrado biome 
Forest fires 
Google earth engine 
Deep neural network 
Remote sensing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given information does not provide any details about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact code repository link without additional information.