Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tolerance 
aggregation,  data  redundancy  management, 
handling, licenses of use and data protection, real-time queries on the

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

One of the major challenges with remote sensing images is dealing 
with  the  data  ingestion  process,  addressing  the  import,  and  pre- 
processing of multi-dimensional and heterogeneous satellite data (Liu, 
2015).  The  increasing  availability  of  satellite  missions  and  high  tem-
poral and spatial resolution satellite imagery, and the growing dimen-
sion of the respective data archives, make traditional data processing 
approaches (e.g., using desktop applications) unfeasible and necessarily 
lead to a change in the design of data processing systems (Tamiminia 
et al., 2020). This implies the use of modern information technologies to 
automatize data ingestion, storage, analysis, and sharing, which exploit, 
for instance, cloud computing-based services. Indeed, by using the ever- 
increasing  availability  of  cloud-based  infrastructures  and  solutions 
offered by major IT industry players, such as Azure hosted by Microsoft,

Finally, to simplify the parameters setup of each present method, a 
user-defined  data  type  paradigm  has  been  implemented  by  using 
enumeration classes. An enumeration is a special class that represents a 
group  of  symbolic  names  bound  to  unique,  constant  values  (i.e.,  un-
changeable variables). For example, the Products enum class represents a 
collection of available product names in the service. The Bands class is a 
composition of enumeration bands classes available for each product. 
Table 1 shows the methods exposed by the NasaWebServiceAPIProvider 
with the input parameters type.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or discussion about any specific data augmentation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response regarding this topic.