Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

package  in  R  (Liaw  and  Wiener,  2002).  We  tuned  the  mtry  hyper-
parameter with the caret package in R (Kuhn, 2008) while keeping other 
hyperparameters at their default values. However, we explored varia-
tions in the ntree parameter, experimenting with settings of 500, 1000, 
5000, and 10,000. With a cutoff of 0.7, we also tested models in which 
features are selected prior to training using the findCorrelation function 
in the Caret package in R. We also used a majority voting strategy, using 
the mode for classification Q1 and the median for Q2 regression (see 
2.5.1  and  2.5.2).  In  this  process,  each  5-m  segment  within  a  450  m 
multitemporal  transect  is  assigned  a  predicted  class  or  a  continuous 
value for regression. This side-by-side analysis allowed us to assess the 
relative performance, effectiveness, and accuracy of our novel image- 
based  machine-learning  approach  in  contrast  to  ‘traditional’  metrics- 
based methods.

We  have  also  adopted  a  broader  and  more  conservative  testing 
strategy as in the classification problem (Q1) involving excluding three 
transects (~17% of the data) for testing in each iteration, specifically 
one  from  each  target  class  -  "Plateau"  (p),  "White-sand"  (w),  and  "Ri-
parian" (r), cross-validation is the same as before with the classification 
problem  (see  2.5.1).  In  order  to  measure  the  model’s  performance 
across all transects, a cumulative evaluation was also performed. Instead 
of analyzing each iteration separately, we assess the model using coef-
ficient  of  determination  (R2)  between  true  vs  predicted  for  all  648 
multitemporal transects predictions. 

2.5.3. A comparative evaluation of traditional LiDAR-derived metrics and 
2D point cloud image-based machine learning in Forest type classification 
and regression analysis

2.5.1. Classification problem (Q1): Deep learning applied to 2D LiDAR 
images for Forest classification 

We  employed  the  fast.ai  platform  (Howard  and  Gugger,  2020)  to 
train and validate models for the classification of 2D point cloud images, 
utilizing  a  LOGO  (Leave-One-Group-Out)  cross-validation.  In  this 
approach, our target classes were "Plateau", "White-sand", and "Ripar-
ian",  designated  as  "p",  "w",  and  "r"  respectively.  In  each  iteration,  a 
complete 450 m multitemporal transect was omitted from the training 
process  (the  grouping  factor  giving  the  lack  of  independence  in  the 
multi-temporal data) and subsequently tested. This approach ensured an 
assessment  of  the  model’s  performance,  accounting  for  our  data  con-
straints and guaranteeing that every multitemporal transect undergoes

These variables were organized in a tabular format with 1620 rows and 
11 columns variables for further analysis.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The hyperparameters of the model are optimized by tuning the'mtry' hyperparameter using the caret package in R. Other hyperparameters are kept at their default values. Additionally, variations in the 'ntree' parameter are explored by experimenting with different settings such as 500, 1000, 5000, and 10,000. Furthermore, features are selected prior to training using the 'findCorrelation' function in the Caret package in R with a cutoff of 0.7.