Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Emmanuel, Tlamelo, Maupong, Thabiso, Mpoeleng, Dimane, Semong, Thabo, 

Mphago, Banyatsang, Tabona, Oteng, 2021. A survey on missing data in machine 
learning. J. Big Data 8 (1), 1–37. 

F¨oldi, L´aszl´o, Kuti, Rajmund, 2016. Characteristics of forest fires and their impact on the 

environment. Acad. Appl. Res. Military Public Manag. Sci. 15 (1), 5–17. 

Ganteaume, Anne, Camia, Andrea, Jappiot, Marielle, San-Miguel-Ayanz, Jesus, Long- 
Fournel, Marl`ene, Lampin, Corinne, 2013. A review of the main driving factors of 
forest fire ignition over europe. Environ. Manag. 51, 651–662. 

He, Haibo, Garcia, Edwardo A., 2009. Learning from imbalanced data. IEEE Trans. 

Knowl. Data Eng. 21 (9), 1263–1284. 

Hern´andez Encinas, A., Hern´andez Encinas, L., Hoya White, S., Martín, A., del Rey, and G 
Rodríguez S´anchez., 2007a. Simulation of forest fire fronts using cellular automata. 
Adv. Eng. Softw. 38 (6), 372–378.

However, for machine learning algorithms like backpropagation to 
be successful, a critical condition must be met: all functions involved 
must be differentiable to compute gradients accurately. As said above, 
to make the update criterion differentiable, we use the Gumbel softmax 

function.  So,  by  changing  our  update  criterion  to 

̃
Uk,  we  manage  to 

compute the gradients. 

This new data-driven architecture aims to learn the neighbourhood 
relationship Rk to improve the results of our model. In addition, learning 
the  neighbourhood  relationship  has  value  in  itself,  as  it  allows  us  to 
know and learn how the different elements of the system interact. For 
this purpose, as we can see in Fig. 13 a neural network ANN (or other 
objects) might be defined as Rk, which may take two kinds of inputs:

Rumelhart, David E., Hinton, Geoffrey E., Williams, Ronald J., 1986. Learning 
representations by back-propagating errors. Nature 323 (6088), 533–536. 

Saar-Tsechansky, Maytal, Provost, Foster, 2007. Handling Missing Values when Applying 

Classification Models. 

Sistema integrado de gesti´on de incendios forestales: Informes post-incendio, 2023. 

prevencionincendiosgva.es/Incendios/ 
IncendiosInformesPostIncendioList. Accessed on 24 March. 

Stojanova, Daniela, Panov, Panˇce, Kobler, Andrej, Dˇzeroski, Saˇso, Taˇskova, Katerina, 
2006. Learning to predict forest fires with different data mining techniques. In: 
Conference on Data Mining and Data Warehouses (SiKDD 2006), Ljubljana, Slovenia, 
pp. 255–258. 

Karafyllidis, Ioannis, Thanailakis, Adonios, 1997. A model for predicting forest fire 

Strypsteen, Thomas, Bertrand, Alexander, 2021. End-to-end learnable eeg channel 

spreading using cellular automata. Ecol. Model. 99 (1), 87–97.

function. We also avoid defining parameters, this allows us to learn non- 
linear  relationships  with  an  infection  capacity  greater  than  those 
established in (Boters-Pitarch et al., 2023a). Thirdly, the φ filter ensures 
that the expansion is carried out only by the infected elements of the 
system,  making  the  ΔID  parameter  decisive  during  learning,  which 
represents a significant advance over the previous relationship. Finally, 
using the sigmoid activation function σ (or similar) as the output of the 
network guarantees that all the cells of the neighbourhood relationship 
can  be  interpreted  as  probabilities,  without  having  to  consider  those 
with a probability greater than one, i.e. Rk ∈ [0, 1]N×,N. 

Thus, setting a random seed s, we can compute the estimation ̂y

the model in the generation k + 1 by reasoning as Fig. 13 

̂ys
k+1←S0 R0

̃U0…Sk Rk

̃Uk

s
k+1 of 

(8)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, some commonly used regularization methods include dropout, L1 regularization, and L2 regularization. Dropout is a technique where randomly selected neurons are ignored or "dropped out" during training, which helps to reduce interdependent learning amongst neurons. L1 regularization adds an absolute value of the magnitude of coefficients as penalty term to the loss function, while L2 regularization adds a squared magnitude of the coefficient as penalty term to the loss function. These methods help to prevent overfitting by adding constraints to the optimization problem and reducing the complexity of the learned models.