Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On the other hand, since the powerful feature extraction 
capabilities, the deep learning methods have succeed in many 
fields,  such  as  computer  vision  and  natural  language 
processing. In recently, the deep learning based methods have 
also  been  used  to  solve  the  HSI  classification  task  and 
achieved remarkable achievements. Among the deep learning 
methods,  the  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  (CNNs)  are 
most widely explored to solve the HSI classification task. Hu 
et  al.  [4]  designed  a  one-dimensional  convolutional  neural 
network(1-D-CNN) for classification according to the spectral 
feature  of  HSI.  Due  to  the  insufficient  training  data,  the 
designed  1-D-CNN  just  includes  a  convolution  operation,  a 
pooling operation and a fully connected operation. Although 
the structure of  designed 1-D-CNN is simple, it achieved a 
satisfactory  classification  performance.  The  classification

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

(5) 

(a)

(b)

IV. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

The  experiment  is  performed  on  the  UAV  hyperspectral 
image  described  in  section  II.  There  are  ten  different  land-
cover  classes  in  the  captured  UAV  hyperspectral  image  as 
shown in Table I. Considering it is hard to label hyperspectral 
image in the real world, we split the labeled pixels of UAV 
hyperspectral image into the training set and test set with the 
ratio 1:9. The training samples were used to learn the weights 
and  biases  of  the  network,  and  the  test  samples  are  used  to 
evaluate the classification performance.

In  this  paper,  we  propose  a  spectral–spatial  paralleled 
convolutional  neural  network(SSPCNN)  to  solve  the  UAV 
HSI classification task .The SSPCNN integrates the 1-D-CNN 
and 2-D-CNN to simultaneously extract the features of HSI 
for  classification.  Then  the  SSPCNN  is  applied  to  the 
hyperspectral image captured by the unmanned aerial vehicle 
(UAV) for forest species classification and mapping. 

The rest of this article is arranged as follows: Section II 
describes the UAV HSI data adopted in this paper; Section III 
presents the proposed SSPCNN framework; The experiments 
and  analysis  is  detailed  in  Section  IV;  Conclusions  are 
summarized in  Section V. 

II. UAV  HYPERSPECTRAL IMAGE

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

According to the given context, the criterion used to split the data for deep learning model training is not explicitly mentioned. However, it can be inferred from the statement "Considering it is hard to label hyperspectral image in the real world, we split the labeled pixels of UAV hyperspectral image into the training set and test set with the ratio 1:9." This suggests that the labeled pixels of the UAV hyperspectral image were divided into two sets - a training set and a test set, with a ratio of 1:9 respectively. It means that out of all the available labeled pixels, only 1/10th of them were used for training the deep learning model, while the remaining 9/10th of them were used for testing its performance. No mention was made about using a separate validation set. Therefore, it appears that the authors did not use any specific criteria or methodology to determine the optimal size of the training and test sets, but rather chose a fixed ratio based on their judgment.