Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Importantly,  these  biases were  reflected by  the  cross-validations, too, 
namely  by  consistently  negative  average  pbias  values  (i.e.,  underesti-
mation) during the hot season and positive average pbias values (i.e., 
overestimation)  during  the  cold  season  (Fig.  2a).  That  downscaling 
techniques could have encountered some difficulties was anticipated. As 
mentioned,  downscaling  macroclimate  grids  cannot  catch  climate- 
forcing effects not initially present in the coarse-scale products (Lem-
brechts et al., 2019). WorldClim’s grid values, for instance, are initially 
derived by interpolating weather station measurements with the help of 
altitude and distance to the coast as topographical predictors (Fick and 
Hijmans,  2017);  interestingly,  these  two  descriptors  were  the  only 
relevant  ones  when  we  downscaled  WorldClim  (Fig.  A.12  in  Appen-
dices). In this respect, our results underline that these difficulties can

Dujardin, J., Lehning, M., 2022. Wind-topo: downscaling near-surface wind fields to 

high-resolution topography in highly complex terrain with deep learning. Q. J. R. 
Meteorol. Soc. 148 (744), 1368–1388. 

Elith, J., Leathwick, J.R., 2009. Species distribution models: ecological explanation and 
prediction across space and time. Annu. Rev. Ecol. Evol. Syst. 40 (1), 677–697. 

Fick, S.E., Hijmans, R.J., 2017. WorldClim 2: new 1-km spatial resolution climate 

surfaces for global land areas. Int. J. Climatol. 37 (12), 4302–4315. 

Frey, S.J., Hadley, A.S., Johnson, S.L., Schulze, M., Jones, J.A., Betts, M.G., 2016. Spatial 
models reveal the microclimatic buffering capacity of old-growth forests. Sci. Adv. 2 
(4), e1501392. 

Fridley, J.D., 2009. Downscaling climate over complex terrain: high finescale (< 1000 m) 
spatial variation of near-ground temperatures in a montane forested landscape 
(Great Smoky Mountains). J. Appl. Meteorol. Climatol. 48 (5), 1033–1049.

downscalings extrapolated by comparing the training data at the cali-
bration points with the projection data over the study area. By doing so, 
we  obtained  12  surfaces  of  the  Shape  extrapolation  metric  for  both 
WorldClim and CHELSA, one for each month. 

2.6. Methodological comparison

over five decays (0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, 1) and sizes (1, 2, 3, 4, 5). We fitted 
RFs using the RANDOMFOREST R package (Liaw and Wiener, 2002) with 500 
trees, five as the minimum size of terminal nodes, and by sampling all 
descriptors for splitting at each node; these RFs were thus equivalent to 
bagged decision trees. Finally, we fitted GBMs via the  GBM  R package 
(Greenwell et al., 2020) by ensembling a maximum of 10,000 trees, with 
shrinkage and interaction parameters equal to 0.01 and 1, respectively; 
each  tree  was  thus  equivalent  to  a  decision  stump.  After  model  cali-
bration, we identified the most relevant physiographic descriptors for 
each algorithm and each month. For GAMs, we evaluated the predictors’ 
relative importance by considering their F statistics. We assessed vari-
able importance in ANNs by employing the Olden method (Olden et al., 
2004)  implemented  in  the  NEURALNETTOOLS  R  package  (Beck,  2018).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information on specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, it mentions that the biases were reflected by cross-validations, indicating that some form of validation technique might be employed. Additionally, the authors acknowledge that downscaling techniques could encounter difficulties due to limitations in capturing climate-forcing effects not initially present in the coarse-scale products. This suggests that the researchers may have considered these challenges while designing their approach but does not explicitly mention any preprocessing techniques to address data bias.