Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

https ://arXiv .org/1712.04621 .

 42.  Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., Courville, A. & Bengio, Y. Deep Learning (MIT Press, Cambridge, 2016).
 43.  Abadi, M. et al. Tensorflow: A system for large-scale machine learning. OSDI 16, 265–283 (2016).
 44.  He, K., Zhang, X., Ren, S., & Sun, J. Deep residual learning for image recognition. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer 

Vision and Pattern Recognition 770–778 (2016).

 45.  Sarle, W. S. Stopped training and other remedies for overfitting. Computing Science and Statistics, 352–360 (1996).
 46.  Hintze, J. L. & Nelson, R. D. Violin plots: A box plot-density trace synergism. Am. Stat. 52(2), 181–184 (1998).
 47.  Catford, J. A., Bode, M. & Tilman, D. Introduced species that overcome life history tradeoffs can cause native extinctions. Nat. 

Commun. 9(1), 2131 (2018).

to calibrate Deep Learning models using a single parameter for all  classes35. This parameter is used, instead of 
the traditional softmax function, to convert the vector output from the neural network into a real probability.

Building  the  convolutional  neural  network.  Convolutional  neural  networks  (CNNs)  belong  to  the 
class  of  DLAs.  For  the  case  of  species  identification,  the  training  phase  is  supervised,  which  means  that  the 
classes  to  identify  are  pre-defined  by  human  experts  while  the  parameters  of  the  classifier  are  automatically 
optimized  in  order  to  accurately  classify  a  “training”   database24.  CNNs  are  composed  of  neurons,  which  are 
organized in layers. Each neuron of a layer computes an operation on the input data and transfers the extracted 
information to the neurons of the next layer. The specificity of CNNs is to build a descriptor for the input image 
data and the classifier at the same time, ensuring they are both optimized for each  other42. The neurons extract-
ing the characteristics from the input data in order to build the descriptors are called convolutional neurons, as

Whatever the goal, our framework is highly flexible and can be adapted by tuning the species thresholds 
regulating the trade-off between classification robustness and coverage in an attempt to monitor biodiversity 
through big datasets where species are unidentified. To unclog the bottleneck of information extraction about 
organism forms, behaviors and sounds from massive digital data, machine learning algorithms, and particularly 
the last generation of deep learning algorithms, offer immense promises. Here we propose to help the users to 
control their error rates in ecology. This is a valuable addition to the ecologist’s toolkit towards a routine and 
robust analysis of big data and real-time biodiversity monitoring from remote sensors. With this control of error 
rate in the hands of users, Deep Learning Algorithms can be used for real applications, with acceptable and 

Scientific RepoRtS  |        (2020) 10:10972  | 

https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-67573-7

11

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not explicitly mention the use of any specific deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. However, it references TensorFlow in its citations [43], suggesting that it may have been considered during the research process. Additionally, the authors discuss building a convolutional neural network (CNN) for species identification, which could potentially involve using one of these popular deep learning frameworks. Nonetheless, without explicit confirmation, it remains uncertain which framework was employed in constructing the deep learning model.