Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

samples in GSL100 would also help in the extensibility of the developing 
a deep learning model that works on multiple levels.

leaf-based  plant  species  classification.  However,  medicinal  plants  are 
not the primary focus of this work, and also considered high-resolution 
images for classification tasks. In a recent study (Chulif et al., 2023), 
deep  learning  models  are  used  for  detecting  diseases  in  single  crop 
species by considering real-time field challenges during image acquisi-
tion.  In  a  different  work  (Barhate  et  al.,  2023),  VGG-16  and  dimen-
sionality reduction with ESPCA is adapted to classify thirty-two plant 
species  with  hyperparameter  tuned  and  batch  updated  stochastic 
gradient descent technique. Later, (Ganguly et al., 2022), utilized the 
ResNet-50  architecture  to  capture  the  leaf  feature  patterns  via  fusion 
learning  and  is  trained  on  three  benchmark  datasets  to  showcase  the 
effectiveness of the model. The aforementioned studies do not directly 
focus  on  the  classification  of  a  large  group  of  Indian  medicinal  plant

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261114B.R. Pushpa et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Begue, A., Kowlessur, V., Singh, U., Mahomoodally, F., Pudaruth, S., 2017. Automatic 
recognition of medicinal plants using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Adv. 
Comput. Sci. Appl. 8 (4), 166–175. 

Pushpa, B.R., Rani, N.S., 2023. Ayur-PlantNet: an unbiased light weight deep 

convolutional neural network for Indian Ayurvedic plant species classification. 
J. Appl. Res. Med. Aromatic Plants 34, 100459. 

Bi, C., Hu, N., Zou, Y., Zhang, S., Xu, S., Yu, H., 2022. Development of deep learning 

Quach, B.M., Dinh, V.C., Pham, N., Huynh, D., Nguyen, B.T., 2023. Leaf recognition 

methodology for maize seed variety recognition based on improved swin 
transformer. Agronomy 12 (8), 1843.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

On the importance of integrating convolution features for Indian medicinal 
plant species classification using hierarchical machine learning approach 

B.R. Pushpa a, *, N. Shobha Rani a,*, M. Chandrajith b, N. Manohar a, Smitha Sunil Kumaran Nair c 
a Department of Computer Science, Amrita School of Computing, Mysuru Campus, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, India 
b Department of Computer Applications, Maharaja Institute of Technology, Mysore, India 
c Department of Computing and Electronics Engineering, Middle East College, Sultanate of Oman   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Medicinal plant classification 
Fusion features 
Convolution features 
Smartphone images 
Inter-class similarities

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned in the research papers. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other hardware resources were used for training these models.