Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On the other hand, since the powerful feature extraction 
capabilities, the deep learning methods have succeed in many 
fields,  such  as  computer  vision  and  natural  language 
processing. In recently, the deep learning based methods have 
also  been  used  to  solve  the  HSI  classification  task  and 
achieved remarkable achievements. Among the deep learning 
methods,  the  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  (CNNs)  are 
most widely explored to solve the HSI classification task. Hu 
et  al.  [4]  designed  a  one-dimensional  convolutional  neural 
network(1-D-CNN) for classification according to the spectral 
feature  of  HSI.  Due  to  the  insufficient  training  data,  the 
designed  1-D-CNN  just  includes  a  convolution  operation,  a 
pooling operation and a fully connected operation. Although 
the structure of  designed 1-D-CNN is simple, it achieved a 
satisfactory  classification  performance.  The  classification

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

In  this  paper,  we  propose  a  spectral–spatial  paralleled 
convolutional  neural  network(SSPCNN)  to  solve  the  UAV 
HSI classification task .The SSPCNN integrates the 1-D-CNN 
and 2-D-CNN to simultaneously extract the features of HSI 
for  classification.  Then  the  SSPCNN  is  applied  to  the 
hyperspectral image captured by the unmanned aerial vehicle 
(UAV) for forest species classification and mapping. 

The rest of this article is arranged as follows: Section II 
describes the UAV HSI data adopted in this paper; Section III 
presents the proposed SSPCNN framework; The experiments 
and  analysis  is  detailed  in  Section  IV;  Conclusions  are 
summarized in  Section V. 

II. UAV  HYPERSPECTRAL IMAGE

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information on the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or any other hardware resources were utilized during the training process.