Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This variability indicates that while research on discovering better 
classifying  algorithms  is  essential,  it  is  equally  important  to  develop 
methods capable of improving the accuracy of any classifier post-classi-
fication, especially in regions where existing methods are not feasible or 
produce  less  accurate  results.  The  strength  of  the  Ratio-Threshold 
reclassification  approach  lies  in  its  ability  to  be  combined  with  any 
classification  algorithm  to  improve  results.  An  improvement  of  17.5 
percentage  points  in  accuracy  of  mining  detection  from  72%  (65% 
producer, 79% user accuracy) with CART to 89.5% (84% producer, 95% 
user accuracy) after the Ratio-Threshold reclassification, demonstrates 
the  model’s  ability  to  improve  classification  results  in  regions  where 
performance is unfavourable. Using the reclassification approach, CART 
can be easily swapped for Random Forest, CNNs, or other classifiers in

18. Select Mining Pixels Above 3 pixel sizes (PROCESS) - In order to remove the influence of isolated, small, misclassified pixels (that are usually 
1–2 pixels in size), the minimum size of a mine for this step of the model was deemed as 3 pixels in size (or > 2700 m2 in a Landsat Image). It is a 
common occurrence in LULC classification maps, especially those done on a large scale, to contain isolated, misclassified individual pixels. Therefore, 
only mines above 2700 m2 were selected, removing the influence of small, misclassified pixels on the reclassification of water bodies to ensure the 
most accurate result could be achieved.

There were five LULC classes in the study area: mines, water, forest, 
urban areas, and bare soil. Due to the vast and remote study area, it was 
not  feasible  to  collect  training  or  validation  data  through  fieldwork. 
Landsat images, along with the cluster classification maps were used to 
collect training data. Locations for training sites were chosen by using 
(a) the previously created Landsat image collection as a basemap, (b) the 
previously  created  cloud  mask,  to  avoid  cloud-covered  areas  when 
selecting training  sites,  and (c) the  previously created cluster classifi-
cation map as a further guide for class selection. Seventy training sites in 
the form of points (each point represents one pixel on the map) were 
selected for each of the five classes, making up a total of 350 points per 
image.  The  points  were  selected  using  a  stratified  (by  class)  random 
sampling approach and were distributed across the entire study area.

4. Discussion 

4.1. GEE + Reclassification method 

4.1.1. Performance of the reclassification model

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the criteria used to determine when training is completed. However, based on common practices in machine learning, some possible criteria include reaching a certain number of epochs, achieving a desired level of performance on a validation set, or observing no significant improvements in validation loss over several iterations. In this case, since the study uses a stratified random sampling approach to select training sites, it can be assumed that the training process might continue until a satisfactory level of performance is reached on a separate validation dataset.