Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

maximum iterations with the subsample run type and a 30 random test 
percentage.  The  MaxEnt  model's  output  was  analysed,  and  the

Table 3 
The values show averages of 10 replicate runs, estimating the relative contributions of the environmental and territorial variables to the MaxEnt model. The percentage 
contribution determines the jackknife; in each iteration of the training algorithm, the increase in regularized gain is added to the contribution of the corresponding 
variable. Permutation importance shows the values of that variable on training presence, and background data are randomly permuted. The model is reevaluated on 
the permuted data, and the resulting drop in training AUC is shown, normalized to percentages.    

Quercus pubescens Willd. 

Quercus ilex subsp. ilex 

Variable 

Description 

Percent contribution 

Permutation importance 

Percent contribution 

Permutation importance 

Temperature factors     
bio4 
bio8 
bio9 
Precipitation factors     
bio13 
bio19 
Geographical factors     
Slope 

In degrees

Hahn, N., Palminteri, S., Hedao, P., Noss, R., Hansen, M., Locke, H., Ellis, E.C., 
Jones, B., Barber, C.V., Hayes, R., Kormos, C., Martin, V., Crist, E., Sechrest, W., 
Price, L., Baillie, J.E.M., Weeden, D., Suckling, K., Davis, C., Sizer, N., Moore, R., 
Thau, D., Birch, T., Potapov, P., Turubanova, S., Tyukavina, A., de Souza, N., 
Pintea, L., Brito, J.C., Llewellyn, O.A., Miller, A.G., Patzelt, A., Ghazanfar, S.A., 
Timberlake, J., Kl¨oser, H., Shennan-Farp´on, Y., Kindt, R., Lillesø, J.-P.B., van 
Breugel, P., Graudal, L., Voge, M., Al-Shammari, K.F., Saleem, M., 2017. An 
ecoregion-based approach to protecting half the terrestrial realm. BioScience 67 (6), 
534–545. https://doi.org/10.1093/biosci/bix014. 

Dormann, C.F., 2007. Promising the future? Global change projections of species 
distributions. Basic Appl. Ecol. 8, 387–397. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
baae.2006.11.001.

temperatures that occur during the wettest season (degrees Celsius); 3) 
bio9,  ‘Mean  temperature  of  driest  quarter’,  is  a  quarterly  index  that 
approximates  the  mean  temperatures  that  occur  during  the  driest 
quarter (degrees Celsius); 4) bio13, ‘Precipitation of wettest month’, is 
the index that identifies the total precipitation that occurs during the 
wettest month (millimetres); 5) bio19, ‘Precipitation of coldest quarter’, 
is  a  quarterly  index  that  indicates  the  total  precipitation  that  occurs 
during the coldest quarter (millimetres); and 6) ‘Slope’ in % values of the 
Iberian  Peninsula  (see  Supplementary  Material  1C).  Finally,  we  used 
clamping  maps  of  MaxEnt  to  project  the  same  set  of  environmental 
variables used to perform the current models but expressing other time

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves using a maximum number of iterations with the subsample run type and a 30 random test percentage. Additionally, the table presented suggests that the MaxEnt model's output was analyzed by estimating the relative contributions of the environmental and territorial variables to the model. This analysis includes calculating the percentage contribution and permutation importance for each variable. The percentage contribution determines the jackknife, where the increase in regularized gain is added to the contribution of the corresponding variable in each iteration of the training algorithm. On the other hand, permutation importance shows the values of that variable on training presence and background data, which are randomly permuted. The model is then reevaluated on the permuted data, and the resulting drop in training AUC is shown, normalized to percentages. Therefore, these strategies help monitor the model performance during training by evaluating its accuracy and identifying important variables contributing to the model's predictions.