Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  iterative  model  exploration  in  this  work  roughly  follows  the 
Bayesian workflow described by Gelman et al. (Gelman et al., 2020). The 
Bayesian and non-Bayesian model pairs are chosen so that one repre-
sents  a  less  flexible  model  in  terms  of  possible  shapes  of  its  decision 
boundary (Bayesian logistic regression and MLE logistic regression) and 
one  represents  a  more  flexible  model  (Bayesian  GAM  and  random 
forest).

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102658Availableonline5June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

amount  of  data,  distribution  data  for  machine  learning  models  and 
physiological data for process-based models. For both types of models, 
the  data  is  difficult  and  costly  to  collect.  This  poses  a  bottleneck  for 
building SDMs for practical use.

4.1.1. Baseline model: MLE logistic regression 

Logistic  regression  in  general  is  a  statistical  model  that  is  used  to 
predict binary outcomes. If we denote the probability of an observation 
being positive (species present, in our case) to be P(y = 1), and the input 
features as x1, x2,⋯, xk, it is modeling the logit of the probability with a 
linear hyperplane as 

log

P(y = 1)
1 (cid:0) P(y = 1)

= β0

+ β1x1 + β2x2 + ⋯ + βkxk,

(1)  

, ⋯, βk  are the parameters of 
where the coefficients and intercept β0
the model. The logit of the probability, log(P(y = 1)/(1 (cid:0) P(y = 1) ) ), is 
also called the ‘log-odds’, and it is an intermediate quantity for which 
the linear model is often justified. 

, β1

Our process of finding the best model roughly follows the Bayesian 
workflow described by Gelman et al. (Gelman et al., 2020). This is an 
iterative modeling process in which one systemically repeats the cycle of 
inspecting the outputs of a model, analyzing the effects of the model and 
its  configurations,  and  adjusting  the  configurations  or  switching  to 
another model type according to the observations. The cycle is repeated 
multiple times while recording the observations and results.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to determine the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. The text only mentions the use of Bayesian and non-Bayesian models, specifically Bayesian logistic regression, MLE logistic regression, Bayesian Generalized Additive Model (GAM), and Random Forest. However, no details about any deep learning models or their respective hyperparameters were mentioned.