Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026688D. Luna-Naranjo et al.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

David Luna-Naranjo: Writing –  original draft, Visualization, Vali-
dation, Software, Methodology, Investigation, Conceptualization. Juan 
D.  Martinez-Vargas:  Writing  –  original  draft,  Methodology,  Formal 
analysis.  Camilo  S´anchez-Giraldo:  Validation,  Resources,  Data  cura-
tion.  Juan  M.  Daza:  Writing  –  original  draft,  Validation,  Resources, 
Conceptualization. Jos´e D. L´opez: Writing – original draft, Supervision, 
Project administration, Methodology, Investigation, Conceptualization.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102668Availableonline8June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NClicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).D. Luna-Naranjo et al.

Our proof-of-principle example demonstrates the effectiveness of our 
comprehensive  processing  pipeline  in  mitigating  device  biases  in  site 
comparisons  using  EAI.  Note  that  the  indices  discussed  in  this  study 
(Table 2) are within-group (alpha) indices, typically used for assessing 
biodiversity  within  single  acoustic  communities.  These  alpha  indices 
evaluate internal diversity and are distinct from between-group (beta) 
indices, which are conventionally employed to assess diversity between 
different  communities  or  across  spatial  scales  (Sueur  et  al.,  2014b). 
Although  EAIs  as  alpha  indices  are  not  conventionally  employed  for 
direct comparisons among different acoustic communities due to a lack 
of  a  reference  or  potential  contradictory  correlations  with  biological 
variables across different study sites (Bradfer-Lawrence et al., 2019a), 
our methodology addresses a previously unconsidered source of varia-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used by D. Luna-Naranjo et al. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. It would be best to contact the authors directly or check their published work for any references to a code repository.