Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Finally, FRAMES was designed to facilitate submission to data re-
positories, including the NGEE Tropics Archive, the project's data re-
pository. The NGEE Tropics Archive has a web portal that allows data
originators to upload and download data packages. The Archive is
supported by a programmatic REST API built on top of Django Python
web framework with an easy-to-use web user interface built with
Foundation (Zurb, 2016) front-end framework. The Foundation front-
end framework is ﬂexible, highly customizable and provides support for
responsive, light-weight HTML for mobile application support. Django
is a fully featured open-source Python web application framework that
supports rapid development. Django makes the low-level framework
decisions so that the development is primarily focused on the applica-
tion domain rather than composing the framework features. NGEE
Tropics Archive manages the data package by storing the data package

Unidata, 2016. https://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/netcdf/ (accessed Mar 2016).
USGS Science data catalog. http://data.usgs.gov/ (accessed November 2016).
Walker, A.P., Hanson, P.J., De Kauwe, M.G., Medlyn, B.E., Zaehle, S., Asao, S., Dietze,
M.C., Hickler, T., Huntingford, C., Iversen, C.M., Jain, A.K., Lomas, M., Luo, Y.,
McCarthy, H.R., Parton, W.J., Prentice, I.C., Thornton, P.E., Wang, S., Wårlind, D.,
Weng, E., Warren, J.M., Woodward, F.I., Oren, R., Norby, R.J., 2014. Comprehensive
ecosystem model-data synthesis using multiple data sets at two temperate forest free-
air CO2 enrichment experiments: model performance at ambient CO2 concentration.
J. Geophys. Res. Biogeosci. 119, 937–964. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/(ISSN)2169-
8961.

Zurb, 2016. http://foundation.zurb.com/ (accessed October 2016).

158

For the NGEE Tropics project, data are archived using the project's
data repository NGEE Tropics Archive, which allows users to upload
and access data packages. Currently, data originators can create, save,
edit, and submit draft data packages via a web portal (Appendix E).
Data originators provide descriptive metadata about the data package
in a web form and can upload a single data ﬁle of any type (zipped ﬁle
types allow for upload of multiple ﬁles). The web form enables data
originators to reuse certain information, such as ﬁeld site and plot in-
formation and person (name, email, institution) information to mini-
mize inconsistent or erroneous data entry. For example, data origina-
tors only have to select the site name/ID for all related site information
to be auto-populated, including spatial coordinates (numerically and
via google maps), PI (principal investigator) information, and general
site descriptions.

To date, FRAMES templates have been used, in whole or in part, for
several submissions to the NGEE Tropics Data repository. An iterative
scientist-centered design was central to the successful use of FRAMES
within our project, where the goal is to improve a predictive under-
standing of carbon cycling in tropical forests under climate change. As
an interdisciplinary data team of ecologist, hydrologists, and data sci-
entists working closely with data originators and consumers throughout
the development process, we were able to identify features critical to
the project's science needs and develop pragmatic solutions. This

integrated data science approach will underpin further improvement to
FRAMES, and we recommend it as a model for harnessing complex and
diverse data inherent in team-science and observational networks.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not mention anything specific about a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository. Therefore, based solely on this context, it cannot be determined where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline might be available, if one exists.