Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection and processing

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

Respiration  (RE),  Net  Solar  Radiation  (NSR),  Air  Temperature  (TA), 
Wind Speed (WS), Relative Humidity (RH), Precipitation (P). Post-2016 
flux tower data was not available to us from the data handling group; 
hence, we had to constrain our study to a period spanning two years, 
specifically  from  December  2014  to  November  2016.  This  signifies  a 
limitation of the study. We also would like to highlight that in these 2 
years,  the  links  appearing  in  the  causal  networks  remained  relatively 
consistent. 

3. Method 

3.1. Temporal Information Partitioning Network (TIPNet)

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Leena Khadke: Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis, 
Methodology, Writing – original draft. Sandipan Mukherjee: Concep-
tualization, Data curation, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Writing – 
review  &  editing.  Kireet Kumar:  Data  curation, Funding  acquisition. 
Subimal  Ghosh:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis, 
Funding  acquisition,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Project  administra-
tion, Supervision, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 

Data availability 

The half-hour temporal resolution flux tower data for all variables 
used  in  this  study  is  available  with  Dr.  Sandipan  Mukherjee  and  the 
competent  authorities  of  G.  B.  Pant  National  Institute  of  Himalayan 
Environment, Almora, Uttarakhand, India. 

Acknowledgements

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine what specific data augmentation techniques were used in their deep learning pipeline. However, common data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, zooming, and adding noise or filters to images. These methods help increase the size of the dataset and improve model performance by introducing more variability into the training set.

Based on the context provided, it appears that the researchers collected data using a flux tower over a two-year period, measuring various environmental factors such as respiration, net solar radiation, air temperature, wind speed, relative humidity, and precipitation. They then analyzed this data using a method called Temporal Information Partitioning Network (TIPNet). While they mention using lagged information in their computation, no explicit reference is made to any data augmentation techniques being employed within their deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive list of data augmentation techniques used in their research based solely on the given context.