Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Utilization of deep learning tools to map and monitor biological soil crusts 

Stefan Herdy a,*, Emilio Rodríguez-Caballero c, Thomas Pock a, Bettina Weber b, d 
a Institute of Computer Graphics and Vision, Graz University of Technology, Graz, Austria 
b Department of Biology, Holteigasse 6, University of Graz, Graz, Austria 
c Departamento de Agronomia, Universidad de Almeria, Almería, Spain 
d Multiphase Chemistry Department, Max Planck Institute for Chemistry, Hahn-Meitner-Weg 1, 55128 Mainz, Germany   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Semantic segmentation 
Joint energy-based modelling 
Deep learning 
Biological soil crust 
Domain adaption 
Neural network 
Long-term monitoring

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10241716

We have shown that deep learning methods can be applied to achieve 
a  valid  biocrust  classification on  species and/or  genus level  based  on 
standard RGB image data. The advantage of analyzing RGB images is, 
that they can be acquired relatively inexpensively with standard camera 
sensors, which allows an easy data acquisition for biomonitoring. The 
most time-consuming step to obtain a good segmentation model is the 
creation of the training datasets, which can be quite time consuming. In 
our case, the required labelling time was up to 2 h per image for the USA 
Data. Modern deep learning tools can be used to do an automated seg-
mentation of images to safe labelling time (Kirillov et al., 2023). Other 
segmentation models aim to do an unsupervised image segmentation, 
where the only specification is the required number of classes (Harb and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019). In our case the results of the auto-

For  biological  soil  crusts,  the  information  from  multispectral  or 
hyperspectral  images  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  annotation  effort,  as 
some  biocrust  organisms  have  defined  reflective  properties  in  the  ul-
traviolet  and/or  the  infrared  spectrum.  Thus,  it  is  (at  least  for  some 
organisms) useful to use multispectral or hyperspectral data as input for 
deep learning models for biocrust monitoring (Erlandsson et al., 2022). 
However,  these  approaches  are  heavily  dependent  on  cost-intensive 
airborne  data  acquisition  of  multispectral  imagery.  When  it  comes  to 
low-cost remote sensing biocrust monitoring, which is done manually by 
humans over a long time periods, the data acquisition methods and/or 
devices can change over time. It is, however, very important to consider 
that,  especially  for  image  data,  different  camera  devices  record  data 
differently,  as  some  camera  devices  perform  an  automated  post-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough context to provide the exact code repository link of the deep learning pipeline mentioned in this article. However, if you are interested in exploring more about deep learning tools for mapping and monitoring biological soil crusts, you may want to look into relevant research papers, such as those referenced in this article. Additionally, searching for open-source projects related to semantic segmentation, joint energy-based modeling, domain adaptation, neural networks, and long-term monitoring might help you find similar work. You could also check out popular machine learning libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, and Scikit-learn, which often include examples and tutorials for various applications.