Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1. Feature encoder 

The feature encoder of the pre-trained Wav2vec model reduces the 
dimensionality of the audio data, converting the raw waveform into a 
sequence of feature vectors Z every 20 milliseconds. The main compo-
nent of the feature encoder's architecture is seven layers of a 1D con-
volutional neural network with 512 channels at each layer. The size of 
the kernel and strides decreases as the layer progresses in the network. 
The waveform is normalized before passing through the convolutional 
layer, followed  by  layer  normalization and  GELU  activation function. 
Finally,  latent  feature  vectors  represent  the  latent  feature  of  bird 
vocalization.  Thus,  it  helps  the  model  to  identify  and  understand  the 
sequential information in the vocalization audio of multi-bird species. 

3.2. Context network

4.4. Wav2Vec model description 

After pre-processing, the whole dataset is splitted into training and 
testing  of  various  ratio  including  70:30,  80:20  and  90:10  for  strong 
performance  analysis.  As  a  part  of  training  proposed  model,  the  raw 
audio signals of various bird species are given as input to extract 768- 
dimensional  vector  as  features.  In  wav2vec,  after  the  transformer 
block, there are three dense layers with ReLU activation function con-
tains 1024, 512, and 256 hidden neurons, respectively. Followed by, one 
classification layer with sigmoid activation function is kept to decide on 

bird categories as output. For this technique, Adam is used as optimizer 
with initial learning rate of order 10e-5 is appropriate for small weight 
updates throughout the network while fine-tuning. Based on the manual 
fine-tuning process, other hyper parameters such as epochs of 30 with 
batch size 1 is chosen as optimal value. 

4.5. Multi labelling framework

Fig. 2. Wav2Vec pre-training phase.  

quantized representation for the masked latent feature representation. 
Diversity loss shown in (2) is also added to the objective function for 
regularization during pre-training. 

(

Lm = (cid:0)

log

sim(ct ,qt )
e
k

/

∑

q′∈Qt

sim(ct ,q′)
e
k

Ld =

(cid:0)
*

1
GV

) )

(cid:0)

pg

(cid:0) H

(1)  

(2) 

In the supervised fine-tuning phase, the labelled dataset is used in 
training the model to predict particular words or phonemes. Fig. 3 de-
picts the process and components in the fine-tuning phase of wav2vec. 
Phonemes are the smallest unit of sound, usually one or two letters, in 
the language. During fine-tuning, the quantization module is removed. 
Instead, a linear projection layer is added to the context network. Then 
the model is fine-tuned on connectionist temporal classification (CTC) 
loss for the Automatic Speech Recognition task. So, the wav2vec model 
has a general understanding of phonemes present in human speech.

As machine learning continues to advance, the process of identifying 
bird species can be automated by transferring the knowledge of experts 
in this field to a learning model. A recent study has shown that deep 
learning is an effective method for classifying birds based on their calls, 
such as processing large amounts of audio data, which allows it to detect 
subtle  differences  between  bird's  calls  (Michaud  et  al.,  2023).  Addi-
tionally, deep learning models can be trained on a wide variety of audio 
data,  allowing  them  to  identify  even  rare  ecological  moment  of  bird 
species (Akbal et al., 2022). Transfer learning is an important tool in 
machine learning, allowing models to leverage the knowledge learned 
from  one  domain  and  apply  it  to  another.  Transfer  learning  is  very 
helpful when there is insufficient data to fully train a model, such as 
recognizing  uncommon  bird  species  (Huang  and  Basanta,  2021).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not contain any specific details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the exact steps taken for model serialization, platform selection, or any other aspects related to its deployment.