Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
◦ × 2.5

The CMAP is a collection of precipitation datasets that can be pro-
duced by analyzing gauge data and estimating satellite-based precipi-
and its temporal 
tation. The spatial resolution of the CMAP is 2.5
resolution is monthly. The data of CMAP can be downloaded from the 
NOAA repository (https://psl.noaa.gov/data/gridded/data.cmap.html). 
Additionally, Landsat satellite datasets were used to investigate water 
surface area and salinity variations over a long period of time (i.e. 1985 
to 2020). For this aim, the most suitable data in terms of identifiability 
(i.e. frames with cloud cover <10%) was selected. It takes eight “Landsat 
frames” to cover the entire Urmia Lake basin. In the present study, 150 
images from 1985 to 2020 were used to assess land cover variations in 
the  selected  basin.  To  minimize  the  radiometric  effects,  radiometric 
calibration was done for the selected images. 

2.2. Description of the adapted methodology

2.4. Data decomposition approach 

In  this  study,  the  new  Empirical  Wavelets  Transform  (EWT)  tech-
nique was used to break down the raw signals into more stationary and 
regular  subseries.  By  signal  decomposition,  the  irrelevant  properties 
(noise) of the signals may be removed whereas the relevant components 
of  the  signal  can  be  isolated.  Therefore,  the  quality  of  datasets  is 
increased by signal decomposition. EWT is a relatively recent adaptive 
signal-processing technique, which is developed by Gilles (2013). This 
method is similar to the Empirical Mode Decomposition (EMD); how-
ever, it has a consolidated mathematical theory. The implication of the 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025605R. Ghasempour et al.

Since MODIS data providers actively encourage using quality bands 
to screen out poor quality data, the quality reliability of MOD13Q1 and 
MOD11A2 products was evaluated. For MOD13Q1, a pixel was consid-
ered  reliable if  the  vegetation index quality  flag (bit 0–1)  was “Good 
data,  use  with  confidence”  (value  0).  For  MOD11A2,  if  a  pixel  with 
“Mandatory  QA  (quality  assurance)  flags”  (bit  0–1)  band  was  “Pixel 
produced,  good quality, not necessary  to examine more detailed  QA” 
(value 0), that pixel was good to be included in the study. In the process 
of  preprocessing,  we  used  the  MODIS  Re-projection  Tool  (MRT)  to 
extract  the day-time LST  and NDVI  associated with quality  assurance 
(QA) layers of all MOD11A2 and MOD13Q1 images. At the same time, 
all the images were mosaicked and resampled from sinusoidal projection 
to the considered zone to produce image maps of the study area. Because

-  Satellite-based datasets 

In this study, The MODIS and CMAP datasets were used for drought 
monitoring. These MODIS datasets were extracted from the cloud-based 
Google  Earth  Engine  (GEE)  platform.  GEE  provides  various  types  of 
ready-to-use products derived from satellite imagery (https://eartheng 
ine.google.com).  The  16-day  composite  MODIS  vegetation  product  at 
a 250-m spatial resolution (MOD13Q1) was used to calculate NDVI at 
250 m. MOD13Q1 includes vegetation indices quality control for both 
vegetation  indicators  and  surface  reflectance  bands.  The  eight-day 
composite MODIS LST product at 1-km spatial resolution (MOD11A2) 
was  used  to obtain  day-time land  surface  temperature. MOD11A2  in-
cludes quality control for day-time LST and emissivity. 250 images (with 
cloud cover percentage <10%) were selected to assess drought varia-
tions in the selected basin.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the data formats used in the deep learning pipeline include satellite-based datasets such as MODIS and CMAP. Specifically, MOD13Q1 is used to calculate NDVI at 250 m, while MOD11A2 is used to obtain day-time land surface temperature. Additionally, Landsat satellite datasets were used to investigate water surface area and salinity variations over a long period of time. The data format for these datasets is likely raster or geospatial data, which is commonly used in remote sensing applications. However, the exact file format (such as GeoTIFF, NetCDF, etc.) is not specified in the given context.