Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

relevant regions within the images. ROI pooling aids in the selection and 
analysis  of  specific  image  regions  for  accurate  object  classification.  2 
different  versions  of  Faster  R-CNN  were  created  for  the  benchmark, 
Faster R-CNN (640) with an input dimension of 640 × 640 and Faster R- 
CNN (1280) with an input dimension of 1280 × 1280. They both used 
Resnet50 as a backbone, have 41 m parameters, and are pre-trained on 
ImageNet.  Both  those  dimensions  were  chosen  to  match  the  Yolov5 
input dimensions. Still, after multiple tests, the 640-version had incon-
clusive results. This can be explained by the important features being too 
small using this resolution for Faster R-CNN. Only the 1280 version was 
used in the benchmark.

2.4. Training protocols

the  observations  of  specific  features  that  experts  would  use,  like  eye 
plates ocular fields or antennas when they are clearly visible. Automa-
tion  of  Collembola  identification  with  a  deep  learning  model  would 
allow the use of Collembola on a much higher scale. Our study carries 
significant implications for the field of Collembola species identification 
on microscope slides. It shed light on Yolov5, specifically Yolov5x6 on 
the identification of species on images taken with a microscope, and as a 
powerful tool in the automation of such identifications. It is noteworthy 
that  the  variety  of  identification  difficulties  emphasizes  the  need  for 
more  annotations,  which  would  significantly  improve  model  perfor-
mance.  In  summary,  while  some  species  are  harder  to  identify  than 
others, our model shows potential in the identification of species of in-
terest,  and  overall,  our  model  is  poised  to  provide  substantial  time

it an ideal solution to large amounts of data. Manual analysis of a vast 
dataset is time-consuming for experts. Automating this task saves a lot of 
time and enables monitoring to be used on a larger scale, (Rustia et al., 
2021;  Schneider  et  al.,  2022;  Spiesman  et  al.,  2021),  helping  to 
compensate for the small number of taxonomists especially for data that 
can be complex to analyze like images (Minaee et al., 2021) or videos 
(Liu  et  al.,  2020).  The  use  of  deep  learning  in  computer  vision  for 
ecology has dramatically improved in the past few years, the PlantCLEF 
challenges are a good example (Waldchen and Mader, 2018). Every year 
it provides a large and complex image dataset to uncover and evaluate 
state-of-the-art machine learning models, and every year the result of 
the identification performance improves despite the task becoming more 
complex. By identifying the most frequent and common species of Col-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model. However, it mentions two different versions of Faster R-CNN, which is a popular deep learning model for object detection. Faster R-CNN is typically implemented using deep learning libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, it can be inferred that one of these libraries might have been used to implement the Faster R-CNN models mentioned in the text.