Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Key words: Chagas disease, TensorFlow, deep learning, Triatominae, automated species identification

We  calibrated  our  models  for  Mexican  and  Brazilian  spe-
cies  using  different  numbers  of  training  steps,  and  considered  two 
factors  to  find  optima  for  training TensorFlow  (Fig.  2):  1)  correct 
identification rate, which improved up to a certain point, but then 
reached  a  plateau,  beyond  which  we  saw  no  significant  improve-
ment,  and  2)  processing  time  (in  hours),  which  showed  a  positive 
linear relationship with number of training steps. For the Mexican 
dataset, with 12 species, 2,000 emerged as an optimum number of 
training steps, which resulted in an 83.0% overall identification rate 
(Fig. 2); the largest gap between the processing time trace and iden-
tification  rate  occurred  following  this  number  of  steps. Above  this 
number of training steps, subtle improvements in identification rate

Problem Species
Although  we  were  impressed  by  the  improved  correct  identifica-
tion  rates  that  we  obtained,  several  ‘problem  species’  remained, 
which  need  to  be  discussed  in  more  detail.  To  identify  ‘problem 
species,’  we  considered  a  threshold  for  each  data  set  relative  to

deep learning? Cell Syst. 2: 12–14.

Ramsey, J. M., M. Elizondo-Cano, G. Sanchez-González, A. Peña-Nieves, and 
A. Figueroa-Lara. 2014. Opportunity cost for early treatment of Chagas 
disease in Mexico. Plos Negl. Trop. Dis. 8: e2776.

Ramsey,  J.  M.,  A.  T.  Peterson,  O.  Carmona-Castro,  D.  A.  Moo-Llanes,  Y. 
Nakazawa, M. Butrick, E. Tun-Ku, K. d. la Cruz-Félix, and C. N. Ibarra-
Cerdeña.  2015.  Atlas  of  Mexican  Triatominae  (Reduviidae:  Hemiptera) 
and  vector  transmission  of  Chagas  disease.  Mem.  Inst.  Oswaldo  Cruz. 
110: 339–352.

Schmidhuber, J. 2015. Deep learning in neural networks: an overview. Neural 

Netw. 61: 85–117.

Schofield, C. J., J. Jannin, and R. Salvatella. 2006. The future of Chagas disease 

control. Trends Parasitol. 22: 583–588.

Coura, J. R., and P. A. Viñas. 2010. Chagas disease: a new worldwide chal-

Sinkins, S. P., and F. Gould. 2006. Gene drive systems for insect disease vectors. 

lenge. Nature. 465: S6–S7.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that they used different numbers of training steps to find optima for training TensorFlow. This suggests that they might have employed some form of parameter tuning or optimization technique such as grid search or random search. Grid search is a methodical approach where one tries all possible combinations of parameters within a predefined range, while random search involves randomly selecting values from a given distribution. Without further details, it cannot be definitively stated which specific method was utilized.