Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

is training and storing models using an interface provided by the site and 
its computational resources.

be  expected,  all  but  two  errors  confused  between  species  within  the 
same insect order (colored squares). We believe that even better results 
are  likely as  the database  grows and  more training examples become 
available.

4.  A modular classification scheme. A taxonomic classification system 
requires  training data  that includes  at  least  hundreds  of  manually 
labeled individuals per class. Thus, a general purpose, yet high res-
olution, system for taxonomic classification is probably not feasible. 
Instead we envision a (gradually growing) set of custom-made AI- 
based classification models. Labeling of individual insects by experts 
is  already  implemented  in  STARdbi,  but  the  other  aspects  of  this 
vision - training, storage, retrieval and application of classification 
models  -  are  not  yet  operational.  We  are  already  creating  task- 
specific  classifiers  on  users’  requests.  The  performance  of  such  a 
classifier is presented in the Results section as case study 1.

2.5. Automatic insect classification 

Automatic,  AI-based,  insect  classification  is  not  yet  part  of  the 
STARdbi pipeline. Users may download images and their box annota-
tions (as Comma Separated Values, csv, files), train models locally, and 
apply them to unlabeled data. The programs that we applied to this end 
(case study 1 in the Results section) are available in the STARdbi web- 
site as a Google Colab notebook. We also welcome collaborations with 
other researchers, in which our team will take the role of designing and 
trouble-shooting classification models to meet specific needs. 

The available programs for the generation of classification models 

include:  

1.  STARdbi_split_images 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025213T. Keasar et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit information about the criteria used to determine when training is complete, such as a validation loss plateau or any other metric. However, it can be inferred from the context that the process involves training models using an interface provided by the website and its computational resources. Additionally, the text mentions that the performance of a task-specific classifier is presented in the Results section as case study 1, suggesting that some form of evaluation is conducted after training. Nevertheless, without further details regarding the specific methods and metrics employed during model training and evaluation, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to the query.