Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1.4. Fieldwork 

Deep learning models are usually defined as “data hungry” because 
their accuracy is heavily dependent on the amount of high quality an-
notated data used to learn the correspondence between the desired la-
bels  and  image  information.  Thus,  to  develop  a  model  capable  of 
matching human expertise on sub-alpine shrub species identification, a 
large and accurate dataset with images and their corresponding labels is 
crucial. As we will describe in detail in later sections, determining the 
exact species of every shrub from images is a difficult task for human 
experts. For our study, fieldwork expeditions were key to confirm each 
of the selected shrub images and validate the orthomosaic annotations. 
Three  fieldwork  missions  were  conducted  during  2021  (June,  August 
and October), to account for seasonal changes in color and flowering 
patterns that helped identify each individual species. 

3.2. Observer study

enrichment using multi-view object-based analysis of unmanned aerial systems 
imagery for wetlands classification. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 139, 
154–170. 

Christel, Stephan, Boretska, Mariia, Pivkin, Igor V., Wilmes, Paul, Sand, Wolfgang, 
Vera, Mario, Dopson, Mark, 2019. Deep neural networks outperform human expert’s 
capacity in characterizing bioleaching bacterial biofilm composition. Biotechnol. 
Rep. 22, e00321. 

Liu, Z., Lin, Y., Cao, Y., Hu, H., Wei, Y., Zhang, Z., Lin, S., Guo, B., 2021. Swin 

transformer: Hierarchical vision transformer using shifted windows. In: In 
Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV). 
Liu, Z., Mao, H., Wu, C.-Y., Feichtenhofer, C., Darrell, T., Xie, S., 2022. A convnet for the 

Cabezas, Mariano, Kentsch, Sarah, Tomhave, Luca, Gross, Jens, Caceres, Maximo Larry 
Lopez, Diez, Yago, 2020. Detection of invasive species in wetlands: practical dl with 
heavily imbalanced data. Remote Sens. 12 (20).

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

1.  ResNet (He et al., 2016): The innovation of this approach supposed a 
breakthrough  for  convolutional  neural  networks  becoming  the 
winner of the ILSVRC challenge in 2015. By introducing the concept 
of residual connections between blocks, the arbitrary limit of stacked 
consecutive blocks caused by problems in the optimisation process 

was  lifted  and  these  connections  virtually  granted  researchers  the 
ability to have an infinite number of parameters and depth. In fact, 
residual  connections  have  become  a  staple  of  DL  and  are  still 
currently used in any modern architecture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or reference to a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to provide the exact code repository link requested in the query.