Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Image classification 
Deep learning 
Hydrothermal vents 
Uncertainty analysis

Due to its success in modeling complex problems, DL, characterized 
by neural networks encompassing more hidden layers and learning pa-
rameters  than  their  predecessors,  represents  a  promising  alternative. 
Additionally,  the  increasing  availability  of  optical  imagery  datasets 
organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps is very convenient for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  DL-based  techniques  in  deep-water 
studies. However, the limited availability of labeled data for properly 
training DL models in that context still remains a major obstacle.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Convolutional neural networks for hydrothermal vents substratum 
classification: An introspective study 

Pedro Juan Soto Vega a,*, Panagiotis Papadakis b, Marjolaine Matabos c, 
Loïc Van Audenhaege c,d, Annah Ramiere c, Joz´ee Sarrazin c, Gilson Alexandre Ostwald Pedro da 
Costa e 
a University Brest, LaTIM, INSERM, UMR 1101, 29200 Brest, France 
b IMT Atlantique, Lab-STICC, UMR 6285, Team RAMBO, F-29238 Brest, France 
c University Brest, CNRS, Ifremer, UMR6197 Biologie et Ecologie des Ecosyst`emes marins Profonds, 29280 Plouzan´e, France. 
d Ocean BioGeosciences, National Oceanography Centre, European Way, Southampton, UK. 
e Institute of Mathematics and Statistics, State University of Rio de Janeiro (UERJ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Cruis. 10, 18000514. 

Chollet, F., 2017. Xception: deep learning with depthwise separable convolutions. In: 
Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 
pp. 1251–1258. 

Cooper, M., Elderfield, H., Schultz, A., 2000. Diffuse hydrothermal fluids from lucky 

strike hydrothermal vent field: evidence for a shallow conductively heated system. 
J. Geophys. Res. Solid Earth 105, 19369–19375. 

Dosovitskiy, A., Beyer, L., Kolesnikov, A., Weissenborn, D., Zhai, X., Unterthiner, T., 

Dehghani, M., Minderer, M., Heigold, G., Gelly, S., Uszkoreit, J., Houlsby, N., 2021. 
An image is worth 16x16 words: transformers for image recognition at scale arXiv: 
2010.11929.  

Durden, J.M., Hosking, B., Bett, B.J., Cline, D., Ruhl, H.A., 2021. Automated 

classification of fauna in seabed photographs: the impact of training and validation 
dataset size, with considerations for the class imbalance. Prog. Oceanogr. 196 
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pocean.2021.102612.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The authors mention using optical imagery datasets organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps but do not specify where these datasets are stored or made accessible. Therefore, it is unclear whether the data used in this study has been deposited in any public repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. To find out more details regarding the dataset, one would need to contact the corresponding author(s) directly or refer to other related publications by the same research group.