Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

be frozen in order to mitigate overfitting, this is especially important 

is  oversampling,  which  consists  of  creating  copies  of  the  training 

when the training datasets are small. However, as freezing the layers 

data from the less sampled classes.

prevent them from update their weights during the training process 

We applied limited oversampling to our training dataset only. For 

(and therefore could prevent the model from learning key features 

nine sociable weavers and six great tits for which we did not have 

for performing the classification task) and considering the size of our 

1,000 images, we first selected 100 images for the validation dataset 

training datasets, we decided to train the models without freezing 

and then duplicated (through oversampling) the remaining pictures 

any  of  the  layers  of  the  network.  The  fully  connected  part  of  the 

until 900 images were available for the training dataset (Buda, Maki,

1,600 images of each zebra finch were randomly selected without 

eight pictures are being provided to the model each time) was used 

filtering for near-identical images. All birds had at least 1,600 images, 

since it has been shown that small batch sizes improve models’ gen-

except for one that had 1,197 for which oversampling was used by 

eralization capability (Masters & Luschi, 2018). If there was no de-

creating duplicates of 403 randomly sampled images.

crease in loss (i.e. measure of the difference between the predicted 

We used the VGG19 CNN architecture (Simonyan & Zisserman,  

output and the actual output) for more than 10 consecutive epochs, 

2014) and initialized the model with the weights of a network pre-

we stopped training, and then retrained the model that achieved the 

trained on the ImageNet dataset (a dataset with more than 14 mil-

lowest loss with a SGD optimizer and a learning rate 10 times smaller

now feasible to continuously collect training pictures and routinely 

lenges presented here, among others.

re-train a CNN using updated training data.

Having large datasets will allow optimizing performance of CNNs 

The arrival of new individuals to the study population is another 

as  well  as  identifying  the  relative  performance  of  alternative  solu-

challenge  that  needs  to  be  carefully  addressed.  If  these  new  birds 

tions. Other network architectures (e.g. ResNet; He, Zhang, Ren, & 

are  marked  with  a  PIT-tag,  the  CNN  could  be  updated  similarly  to 

Sun,  2016)  and  different  hyper-parameters  settings  (e.g.  learning 

the  problem  of  changes  in  appearance  discussed  above.  However, 

rate)  than  the  ones  used  here  can  yield  different,  and  potentially 

in many cases new individuals will not be marked. Such a problem 

improved,  results.  Other  deep  learning  methods  approaches  could

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given pieces of context do not provide information about the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details like model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context.