Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Performance of the models and forecast distribution 

The  mean  accuracies  and  standard  deviations  of  the  5  × 10-fold 
cross-validations  for  each  method  and  species  are  shown  in  Table  4. 
Random Forest is the method that achieves the highest accuracy for all 
the analysed species (0.718 for SKJ, 0.728 for YFT, 0.589 for BET and 
0.842 for FAL). Consequently, this is the method that has been used to 
build the prediction models. 

A  model  has  been  trained  for  each  species,  by  using  the  selected 
variables in Table 3. Then, for each model, the probabilities of finding 
high and low catches and absences of each species in the study area have 
been predicted by using the corresponding predictors given in Table 3. 
The results of the validation of the trained models are shown in Table 5,

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Sustainable fishing 
Bycatch 
Machine-learning 
Tropical tuna 
Fisheries oceanography 
Species distribution models

tion models, such as the models built in this study, appear as the most 
suitable approach to reduce the distance and time at sea spent searching 
for fishing grounds as suggested in Granado et al. (2024). However, to 
the best of our knowledge, there are no tuna models in the literature that 
differentiate between the main three tuna species and bycatch, based 
solely  on  environmental  data.  Thus,  the  proposed  ML  models  could 
enable  the  individual  consideration  of  the  main  tuna  species  and  the 
predominant bycatch species. This distinction provides additional flex-
ibility when defining routes, enabling the selection of optimal fishing 
grounds according to the commercial interest for each species while also 
mitigating bycatch.

The objective of the present study is to predict  fishing grounds to 
catch tropical tuna species (SKJ, YFT and BET), while simultaneously 
reducing the bycatch of vulnerable species (FAL) in the Indian Ocean, 
for  thus  help  improve  the  fishing  efficiency.  This  contribution  for 
improving  the  fishing  efficiency  is  to  be  achieved  by  applying  ML  to 
combined  catches and  environmental  datasets.  Here,  efficiency  is  un-
derstood as fishing the same amount of target species while reducing the 
bycatch  of  silky  shark  and  consuming  less  fuel  by  reducing  the  time 
spent searching for tuna schools. 

2. Material and methods 

In this study a ML-based approach has been applied to forecast the 
probability of high catch zones of different species of tropical tuna, by 
training  models  with  environmental  data  and  historical  catch  and 
bycatch data. 

2.1. Catch and bycatch data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether grid search, random search, or another optimization technique was used.