Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Benkendorf, D.J., Hawkins, C.P., 2020. Effects of sample size and network depth on a 
deep learning approach to species distribution modeling. Eco. Inform. 60, 101137. 
Bicudo, T., Llusia, D., Anci˜aes, M., Gil, D., 2023. Poor performance of acoustic indices as 
proxies for bird diversity in a fragmented Amazonian landscape. Eco. Inform. 77, 
102241. 

Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 45 (1), 5–32. 
Brown, A., Garg, S., Montgomery, J., 2019. Automatic rain and cicada chorus filtering of 

bird acoustic data. Appl. Soft Comput. 81, 105501. 

Brumm, H., 2006. Signalling through acoustic windows: nightingales avoid interspecific 
competition by short-term adjustment of song timing. J. Comp. Physiol. A. 192, 
1279–1285.

obtain biologically relevant data.

over which the quality measures and results fail to continue improving. 
Benkendorf and Hawkins (2020), analyzing the effect of sample size on 
deep neural networks, similarly concluded that by increasing the num-
ber of hidden layers, which can be interpreted as adding more training 
recordings in our software, the neural network can largely improve the 
performance of the model.

2.3. Data processing 

In  this  study,  we  reproduced  the  usual  steps  of  a  single-species 
bioacoustics  study: (1)  we  optimized  a  recognizer  via  automated  and 
manual processes; (2) we applied it to a set of manually validated re-
cordings  to  evaluate  its  performance;  and  finally  (3)  we  applied  the 
recognizer to a large set of recordings, which usually is the real aim of 
the  study.  For  this,  we  created  eight  different  subsets  of  recordings 
(Table 1): six different training sets that included varying amounts of 
cases, a test set, and a target set of recordings. The same sets were always 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023972M. Goitia-Urdiain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Table 1 
Sets of recordings used in the study.  

description

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide explicit information about the specific methods or tools used for collecting raw data in their deep learning pipeline. However, based on the general process described in the paper, it can be inferred that they likely use bioacoustic recordings from various sources such as field surveys or publicly available datasets. These recordings are then processed and analyzed using machine learning techniques like deep neural networks to identify and classify bird species. It is also mentioned that they create multiple subsets of recordings with varying amounts of cases, suggesting that they may have collected a diverse range of audio samples for their analysis.