Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1.  Every  deep  learning  algorithm  has  numerous  hyperparameters, 

subset of unlabelled samples such that the loss value of the selected 

options  selected  by  the  data  scientist  before  machine  learning 

subset  is  close  to  the  ‘expected’  loss  value  of  the  remaining  data 

begins.  For  this  paper,  we  used  well-known  values  of  hyperpa-

points (Sener & Savarese, 2017). At 14,000 labels, we match the ac-

rameters  to  train  our  models.  Tuning  hyperparameters  is  likely 

curacy of Norouzzadeh et al. for the same architecture; compared to 

to  improve  results.  In  particular,  we  only  used  the  ResNet-50 

the 3.2 million labelled images they trained with, our results represent 

architecture  for  embedding  and  a  simple  two-layer  architecture 

over a 99.5% reduction in labelling effort to achieve the same results.

for  classification.  Further  probing  of  the  architecture  space 

may  improve  results.

Xu, Z., Yu, K., Tresp, V., Xu, X., & Wang, J. (2003). Representative sampling 
for  text  classification  using  support  vector  machines.  In  European 
conference on information retrieval (pp. 393–407). Springer.

Wiley & Sons.

Sutskever, I., Vinyals, O., & Le, Q. V. (2014). Sequence to sequence learn-
ing with neural networks. In Advances in neural information processing 
systems (pp. 3104–3112).

Swanson, A., Kosmala, M., Lintott, C., Simpson, R., Smith, A., & Packer, 
C.  (2015).  Snapshot  serengeti,  high-frequency  annotated  camera 
trap images of 40 mammalian species in an african savanna. Scientific 
Data, 2, 150026.

ing model, such as a neural network, and try to improve that model by 

alization algorithms like t-SNE (van der Maaten & Hinton, 2008), can 

selecting training samples. Active learning algorithms typically start 

be regarded as embedding functions.

training the underlying model on a small, randomly selected labelled 

Deep  neural  networks  are  frequently  used  for  dimension-

set of data samples. After training the initial model, various criteria 

ality  reduction:  the  input  to  a  deep  network  often  has  many 

can  be  employed  to  select  the  most  informative  unlabelled  sam-

values, but layers typically get smaller throughout the network, 

ples to be passed to the oracle for labelling (Settles, 2009). Among 

and the output of a layer can be viewed as a reduced represen-

the  most  popular  query  selection  strategies  for  active  learning  are 

tation  of  the  network's  input.  In  this  paper,  we  use  two  com-

set of images to have labelled.

derlying  machine  learning  model  and  asking  the  oracle  for some 

labels, while trying to minimize the number of such requests. The 

active  learning  algorithm  attempts  to  optimally  select  the  most 

1.6 | Embedding learning

informative samples from the pool of unlabelled samples for the 

oracle  to  label  so  that  the  underlying  machine  learning  model 

An embedding function maps data from a high-dimensional space to a 

can  quickly  learn  the  requested  task.  Thus,  active  learning  can 

lower-dimensional  space,  for  example  from  the  millions  of  pixel val-

minimize the human labour required to label a large collection of 

ues in an image (high-dimensional) to a vector of dozens or hundreds 

unlabelled data.

of numeric values. Many dimensionality reduction algorithms such as 

Active learning algorithms maintain an underlying machine learn-

PCA (Martínez & Kak, 2001) and LDA (Martínez & Kak, 2001), or visu-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide specific details about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model. However, it mentions that every deep learning algorithm has numerous hyperparameters, which are selected by the data scientist before machine learning begins. These hyperparameters include well-known values used to train their models. Common examples of hyperparameters in deep learning models include learning rate, optimizer type, batch size, epoch count, and regularization parameters. Without more specific information, it cannot be determined exactly which hyperparameters were used in this case.