Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160913T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 14. Plots of bare metal vs GPU instance as number of devices increased.  

6. Conclusion 

A cost-effective deep learning framework for ubiquitous monitoring 
and  predicting  pollutant  concentration  levels  on  UK  highways  was 

proposed  in  this  study.  An  implementation  of  the  framework  was 
demonstrated using the REVIS system. Details of the development of the 
REVIS IoT hardware for data collection, the configuration of big data 
tools  for  data  storage  and  the  and  results  of  trained  deep  learning

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016092T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 2. Deep learning framework for highway air quality monitoring and prediction.  

∙ Integrate missing or inaccurate data from heterogeneous sources to 
enhance forecasting accuracy of the developed model. 

∙  Perform a system scalability test to determine response time and 
throughput as hardware device load increases. 

∙  Develop  and  evaluate  a  baseline  deep  learning  model  to  make 
hourly predictions of PM2.5, PM10, and NO2 concentration levels due 
to the deadly nature of these pollutants.

and PM10 pollutants and evaluation using deep learning, future research 
can focus on investigating other pollutants such as CO2, SO2 and Ozone 
as well as other machine learning approaches for estimation. This study 
is a part of a series of publications highlighting research findings on the 
REVIS  project.  This  is  just  a  scratch  on  the  surface  of  our  research 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160915T.D. Akinosho et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide information about specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the proposed framework integrates missing or inaccurate data from heterogeneous sources to enhance forecasting accuracy of the developed model. Additionally, the authors demonstrate the implementation of the framework using the REVIS system, which focuses on monitoring and predicting pollutant concentration levels on UK highways. Therefore, it can be assumed that the dataset used in this case would consist of environmental data related to pollution levels on highways.