Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

Consent to publish

Not applicable (the study does not include details, images, or videos

relating to any individual).

Availability of data and materials

The simulated datasets generated during the current study are

available from the corresponding author upon reasonable request.

Funding

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

the background set were implemented.

(1) The method initially proposed by Moua et al. (2017) (referred to as
BGenv hereafter) is based on the estimation of the sampling eﬀort
within the environmental space. The principle, the implementation
of which is detailed below, is as follow: the sampling eﬀort asso-
ciated with a given pixel i of the study area corresponds to the ratio
of the number of sampled pixels over the total number of pixels,
within the environmental neighborhood of i deﬁned by using a
Gaussian-like membership function.

Firstly, all pixels of the study area are represented in the environ-
mental variable space. This is accomplished by performing a Principal
Component Analysis (PCA), a Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA)
or a Factor Analysis of Mixed Data (FAMD) (Pages, 2004) depending on

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, it appears that the study involves Species Distribution Models (SDMs) rather than traditional deep learning pipelines such as those used for image classification tasks like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Therefore, the datasets used in this case would likely be related to ecological or biological data, specifically focusing on species occurrences within their respective environments.

In the context provided, there is mention of a dataset limitation due to the scarcity of certain species or insufficient numbers of species records. Additionally, the authors discuss generating simulated datasets during the course of their research. However, specific names or types of these datasets are not mentioned.

To summarize, unlike typical deep learning applications involving well-known datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet, this study focuses on Species Distribution Models and uses ecologically relevant datasets. Unfortunately, without further information, I cannot provide more precise details about the exact nature or names of these datasets.