Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

compressed,  reducing  to  only  a  few  pixels  in  deeper  CNN  layers.  For 
instance, an object with dimensions of 15 × 15 pixels in a UAV thermal 
image might be represented by just 1 pixel in the feature map from Layer 
4 of ResNet152 (refer to Fig. 4). The limited spatial resolution can lead to 
loss of fine details, making it difficult for the model to distinguish small 
objects from the background. Through FPN, different feature maps from 
different layers can complement each other, and deeper feature map can 
receive some spatial information from shallower layers. However, still 
certain  spatial  features  might  have  been  lost  during  the  process  of 
convolution operations. Consequently, the models of FRC_ResNet18FPN 
and FRC_ResNet34FPN can obtain higher AP for medium and large ob-
jects than the remaining models because they have less CNN layers than 
others.  Notably,  the  FRC_ResNet152FPN  obtains  the  best  detection

As shown on the top of Fig. 8, a feature map extractor based on FPN 
and  ResNet152  extracted  five  feature  maps  from  the  original  UAV 
thermal image, and they each has different resolutions, including 256 ×
320, 128 × 160, 64 × 80, 32 × 40, and 16 × 20. The region proposal 
network  can  utilize  the  five  feature  maps  to  generate  four  RoIs  with 
different sizes, which are respectively colored by purple, red, green and 
yellow from left to right in the middle-right of Fig. 8. The size of the 
purple RoI is the largest, and the model assigns a feature map with the 
resolution of 32 × 40 to it. On the contrary, the red RoI is the smallest, 
and the model selects the feature map with highest spatial resolution for 
it.  Similarly,  the  green  and  yellow  RoIs  are  assigned  corresponding 
feature maps according to their respective sizes. The selection of large 
feature maps means the number of parameters is increasing and needs

The family of residual neural networks includes ResNet18, ResNet34, 
ResNet50, ResNet101, and ResNet152 according to their number of CNN 
layers.  “Stage”  is  an  important term  in  the  context of  residual neural 
networks, which refers to a specific set of convolution layers that output 
feature maps with different resolutions. Take ResNet152 as an example 
in (Fig. 4), it consists of five stages (Conv1, Layer1, Layer2, Layer3, and 
Layer4) and each stage can produce a feature map. The spatial resolution 
of each feature map is progressively reduced by a factor of 2, while the 
number of bands is simutanously increased by a factor of 2. Usually, the 
traditional FPN neglects the feature maps from Conv1, Layer1 and Layer 
2 and only incorporates the two feature maps from Layer 3 and Layer 4. 
For  the  detection  of  large  objects  from  high-resolution  true-color  im-
ages, this may work well. However, for the small objects in UAV thermal

(Fig. 2 (b)) are listed in Table 1. On average, the total image size of deer 
objects in the thermal image is about 100 times smaller than that in the 
true-color image, providing very limited feature information to repre-
sent  deer  objects.  Despite  their  outstanding  performance  for  animal 
detection in true-color imagery, current ready-to-use models designed 
for  true-color  camera  trapping  or  UAV  imagery  could  not  be  directly 
applied to UAV thermal images for deer detection. Therefore, custom-
izing the improved deep learning structure and finding optimal model 
configuration suitable for detecting small objects such as deer from UAV 
thermal images is worthy of further investigation, which comprises the 
main purpose of this study.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any explicit information available regarding the deployment process of the trained deep learning model in the given context. This includes details like model serialization or platform selection. It would be necessary to refer to additional resources or documentation to provide accurate information on this topic.