Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

2.1.2. Predictive features 

A large environmental context around each observation is collected 
and provided to the model: 64 × 64 2D tensors sampled at the kilometre- 
scale  resolution  and  centred  on  the  observation.  Predictors  include 
WorldClim2  bioclimatic  variables,  Soilgrids  pedological  variables, 
human  footprint  rasters,  terrestrial  ecoregions  of  the  world  and  the 
observation location (longitude and latitude), see SI Box E for details. 
Examples of input are shown in Fig. S5 and the full list of predictors is 
given in Table S2. 

2.2. Species assemblage model 

2.2.1. Definition

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Mapping global orchid assemblages with deep learning provides novel 
conservation insights 

Joaquim Estopinan a, b, c,*, Maximilien Servajean b,d, 1, Pierre Bonnet c, 1, Alexis Joly a, b, 1, 
François Munoz e,1 
a INRIA, Montpellier, France 
b LIRMM, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
c UMR AMAP, CIRAD, Montpellier, France 
d AMIS, Univ. Paul Val´ery Montpellier, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
e LIPHY, Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, Grenoble, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Spatial indicator 
Species assemblage 
Deep learning 
Species distribution modelling 
IUCN status 
Orchids

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly mention which specific deep learning framework was used to build the model. However, it mentions using a'very common deep learning framework', which could refer to popular ones like TensorFlow or PyTorch. But without explicit confirmation from the source material, we cannot definitively state which one was used.