Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Results 

Section  3.1  presents  the  results  of  our  manual  classification  algo-
rithm. Sections 3.1.1 and 3.1.2 provide training and validation results 
for  our  automatic  classifier.  Section  3.1.3  provides  the  results  of  our 
insect microhabitat studies.

ran in approximately 1.2 min for our experiments on the CPU, whilst 
softmax  took  12  min  on  the  GPU  to  complete  the  same  task.  So, 
although, softmax can accomplish our classification task, our proposed 
method has advantages.

successful trials in the sample. In our case, the sample size is the number 
of images per species, and a successful trial corresponds to an image in 
the sample having a natural background. 

Fig. 9 shows the results of comparing the software image background 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022658S. Singha Roy et al.

and computational expense. We used the extracted background features 
generated in our previous step to train an SVM model with 5-fold cross 
validation.  The  training and  validation  of  our  classifier  was  run  on  a 
basic  laptop  using  its  CPU  (Intel(R)  Core(TM)  i7-9850H,  CPU  clock 
speed = 2.60 GHz).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. However, it mentions that the training and validation of their classifier were done using a basic laptop with a specific CPU configuration. Additionally, they mention using 5-fold cross-validation when training their SVM model. This suggests that they might have been monitoring the model performance during training by evaluating it on different subsets of data through cross-validation.