Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

2.3. Pre-processing of imagery

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Segmentation and classiﬁcation strategies in eCognition are still
rapidly evolving; methods and rule sets for automatically selecting
segmentation parameters are under development (Dragut et al.,
2010, 2014; Martha et al., 2012), but there is not yet consensus on
best practices. Better classiﬁcations, which could then better capture
the process of interest, may be possible as these tools develop fur-
ther. Machine learning techniques are being brought together with

M.V. Eitzel et al. / Ecological Informatics 31 (2016) 100–111

109

segmentation to more automatically classify images (Nancy Thomas,
personal communication). This set of approaches with historical im-
agery could become more powerful as new methods are developed.
We do caution that even with machine learning, some supervision
and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or
other data sources are still necessary (Sexton et al., 2015).

Most importantly, scale sensitivity implies that if one had used
only one scale (e.g., the scale of one available dataset), the conclu-
sion would have depended strongly on which scale was used. This
result argues for more frequent and rigorous investigation of scale
sensitivity. We hope that the ArcGIS Python scripts developed for

this research project might make this kind of scale sensitivity test
more accessible for other analysts. Another solution is to compare
the results with other datasets, even qualitatively, to check for spuri-
ous scale-dependent relationships. In our case, we were able to refer
to dendrochronological work done on the same system (Schriver and
Sherriff, 2015), but in historical ecology more generally these data
sources can include historical land surveys and travel journals
(Grossinger, 2012).

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline such as dropout or L2 regularization. However, it discusses segmentation and classification strategies in eCognition, which are rapidly evolving, and mentions that machine learning techniques are being combined with segmentation to improve image classification. The text also emphasizes the importance of considering scale sensitivity when analyzing data and suggests comparing results with other datasets to avoid spurious scale-dependent relationships. Additionally, it highlights opportunities of the modeling approach, although no further details are provided regarding its application to deep learning pipelines.