Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)101378Availableonline29July20211574-9541/©2021TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NC-NDlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).D.-S. Lee et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

species  in  ecosystems  including  artificial  neural  networks  (Park  and 
Chung, 2006), random forest (Lee et al., 2019; Park et al., 2013), and 
maximum entropy modeling (Maxent) (Hirata et al., 2017; Ikegami and 
Jenkins,  2018).  Machine  learning  methods  help  researchers  to  effec-
tively manage complex and nonlinear ecological data as a tool for data 
exploration, prediction of ecological patterns, and pattern recognition 
(Humphries et al., 2018).

modeling. R package. 

Hirata, A., Nakamura, K., Nakao, K., Kominami, Y., Tanaka, N., Ohashi, H., Takano, K.T., 
Takeuchi, W., Matsui, T., 2017. Potential distribution of pine wilt disease under 
future climate change scenarios. PLoS One 12, e0182837. 

Humphries, G.R.W., Magness, D.R., Huettmann, F., (eds), 2018. Machine Learning for 

Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, Cham.  

Ikegami, M., Jenkins, T.A., 2018. Estimate global risks of a forest disease under current 
and future climates using species distribution model and simple thermal model–pine 
wilt disease as a model case. For. Ecol. Manag. 409, 343–352. 

Iordache, M.-D., Mantas, V., Baltazar, E., Pauly, K., Lewyckyj, N., 2020. A machine 

learning approach to detecting pine wilt disease using airborne spectral imagery. 
Remote Sens. 12, 2280.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Predicting potential occurrence of pine wilt disease based on environmental 
factors in South Korea using machine learning algorithms 

Dae-Seong Lee a, Won Il Choi b, Youngwoo Nam c, Young-Seuk Park a, * 
a Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02447, Republic of Korea 
b Division of Forest Ecology, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea 
c Division of Forest Diseases and Insect Pests, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest management 
Invasive species 
Random forest model 
Maxent model 
Ensemble model 
Effects of climate change

Both the RF and Maxent models are well-known and popular high- 
performance,  machine learning models for ecological studies, such as 
species distribution studies. The effectiveness of the RF model has been 
well documented for the extraction of ecological information as well as 
the prediction of ecological variables including the prediction of insect 
occurrence  (Lee  et  al.,  2019;  Park  et  al.,  2013).  In  turn,  the  Maxent 
model  has  also  shown  high  performance  for  predicting  species  distri-
bution. For example, Ikegami and Jenkins (2018) predicted the distri-
bution  range  of  PWD  on  a  worldwide  scale  using  the  Maxent  model. 
Meanwhile, consistently with the results reported herein, the RF model 
reportedly showed better performance than the Maxent model for pre-
dicting  species  distribution  (Mi  et  al.,  2017).  However,  this  does  not 
mean that the RF model is better than the Maxent model. Each model has

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no specific mention of which framework was used to build the deep learning model in the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined if TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was used.