Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As commonly done in deep learning, we iteratively learn the model
parameters with stochastic gradient descend, starting from a random
initialization. In each iteration, we randomly sample a batch of 𝐵 = 64
reference data patches of size 15 × 15 pixels, where a patch is only
considered for training if the center pixel is forested. We consider a
pixel forested if and only if it contains vegetation points (points with
𝐷𝑧 > 1.3 m, see Section 3.1) and also is considered forested based on
NIBIO’s Norway-wide timber volume map (Astrup et al., 2019). We use
the latter as an additional precautionary measure to avoid unnecessary
noise from non-forested areas, as we are interested in learning forest
characteristics only. For every reference data patch, we randomly pick
an optical image from the correct year and two SAR images (one as-
cending and one descending orbit) with acquisition dates near the one
of the optical image. Using SAR with both ascending and descending

4.5. Implementation details

We have implemented our models in PyTorch (Paszke et al., 2017).
We trained 𝑀 = 5 models with batch size 𝐵 = 64 and a base learning
rate 𝛼 = 10−4. The learning rate is automatically reduced by a factor
of 0.1 when the validation loss has not improved for 15 consecutive
epochs. We apply weight decay to control the strength of the unit
Gaussian prior, with an empirically chosen magnitude of 10−3 that
is inversely proportional to the hyperparameter 𝜆 from Eq. (1). We
chose 𝛽1 = 0.9, 𝛽2 = 0.999 and 𝜖 = 10−8 as hyper-parameters for the
Adam optimizer. Each neural network was trained on a single Nvidia
RTX2080Ti GPU for ∼14 days.

5. Experimental results and discussion

Gast, J., Roth, S., 2018. Lightweight probabilistic deep networks. In: Proceedings of
the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. pp. 3369–3378.
Girshick, R., Donahue, J., Darrell, T., Malik, J., 2014. Rich feature hierarchies for
accurate object detection and semantic segmentation. In: Conference on Computer
Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR). pp. 580–587.

Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., Courville, A., 2016. Deep Learning. MIT Press, http://www.

deeplearningbook.org.

Guo, C., Pleiss, G., Sun, Y., Weinberger, K.Q., 2017. On calibration of modern
neural networks. In: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Machine
Learning, Vol. 70. pp. 1321–1330.

Gustafsson, F.K., Danelljan, M., Schon, T.B., 2020. Evaluating scalable bayesian
deep learning methods
the
IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops. pp.
1289–1298.

robust computer vision.

In: Proceedings of

for

to get blurred (as information over an increasingly larger receptive
field is mixed through repeated convolutions). We visualize our model
architecture in Fig. 5 and in the following, the data flow in the model
is described in more detail.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any explicit information about the availability or location of the data repository used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, without further context, it is impossible to determine where the data repository is available.