Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

scales associated with data collection (Zizka et al., 2020). Due to these 
disparities,  scholars  recommend  a  thorough  examination  and  refine-
ment  of  these  data  repositories  (Bonnet-Lebrunm  et  al.,  2023).  To 
enhance the quality and reliability of the information, a comprehensive 
series  of  filters  has  been  systematically  applied  to  our  analysis.  To 
minimize errors associated with the public usage of GBIF and OBIS re-
positories,  we  curated  the  dataset  following  Zizka  et  al.  (2020)  and 
filtered the dataset by the columns labeled “scientific name”, “family”, 
“year”, “longitude” and “latitude”. We retained all taxonomic informa-
tion down to the species level and removed records with NA in these 
columns. We also removed all duplicate records with identical latitude

Finally, we also analyzed the potential effect of some attributes on 
the  incidence  of  more  records  in  global  database  repositories.  Specif-
ically, we evaluated three research questions related to how body size, 
habitat depth, and commercial use relate to the representation of marine 
fish occurrences. We ask whether: (i) a better representation in online 
platforms may be due to the oversampling of larger fish, resulting from 
an easier identification; (ii) shallow areas provide easy access to sam-
pling; and (iii) economic and commercial interests have elicited a larger 
representation  of  culturally  relevant  species  in  online  biodiversity 
repositories. 

2. Methods 

2.1. Species data

Still, identifying how sampling efforts are distributed across space 
and time is a required step to interpret biodiversity patterns and reduce 
biases,  as  understanding  our  biota  distribution  is  critical  for  well- 
designed  protection  efforts.  This  may  be  achieved  through  different 
weighting  schemes  for  records  in  areas  with  sufficient  sampling  that 
provide  a  more  reliable  contribution  compared  to  underrepresented 
regions (Hortal et al., 2008; Phillips et al., 2009; Yang et al., 2013).

workflow. J. Open Source Softw. 1, 54. https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.00054. 
Guisande, C., Lobo, J., 2019. Discriminating well surveyed spatial units from exhaustive 
biodiversity databases. R package version. 2.0. URL: http://cran.r-project.org/web/ 
packages/KnowBR. 

Heberling, J.M., Miller, J.T., Noesgaard, D., Weingart, S.B., Schigel, D., 2021. Data 
integration enables global biodiversity synthesis. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. 118, 
e2018093118 https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2018093118. 

Hollowed, A.B., Barange, M., Beamish, R.J., Brander, K., Cochrane, K., Drinkwater, K., 
Foreman, M.G., Hare, J.A., Holt, J., Ito, S.I., et al., 2013. Projected impacts of climate 
change on marine fish and fisheries. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 70, 1023–1037. https://doi. 
org/10.1093/icesjms/fst081.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that the study utilizes data from two major sources: Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) and Ocean Biogeographic Information System (OBIS), which are both publicly available databases. These databases contain various types of biological data collected using diverse methods such as field observations, museum collections, citizen science projects, and scientific literature. The authors apply a series of filters to enhance the quality and reliability of the information obtained from these databases. They retain all taxonomic information down to the species level and remove records with missing values or duplicates based on identical latitude and longitude coordinates. Additionally, they analyze the potential effects of certain attributes like body size, habitat depth, and commercial use on the number of records in global databases. Therefore, while the exact methodology for initial data collection is not specified, this study primarily relies on existing data from reputable sources and employs rigorous filtering techniques to ensure high-quality input for their analyses.