Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

has been highly annotated and used in previous studies. The extensive 
annotation of the dataset allowed the feature representation produced 
by the auto-encoder to be easily evaluated and to be trained on a higher

3. Method 

3.1. Dataset

Fig. 1. The structure of an auto-encoder.  

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012372B. Rowe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

proportion of non-silent audio clips. The research design is outlined in 
Fig. 2 

3.4. Training 

3.2. Data pre-processing

For  deep  learning  tasks  you  often  start  from  a  point  of  labelling 
training your data. However this can be slow and problematic. It can be 
useful to have a general representation for machine learning, that does 
not  rely  on  labeled  data  or  domain  specific  features.  This  paper  will 
focus on the use of auto-encoders for automatic feature extraction. First 
we  will  explore  the  relevant  literature,  then  explain  our  method  for 
automatically learning features, our method for comparing with other 
feature  representations,  results,  and  finally  our  discussion  and 
conclusions. 

The outcome of this research is an alternative method for analysing 
eco-acoustic  data.  It  will  be  of  significance  to  the  fields  of  Machine 
Learning and Soundscape Ecology. This research will be of direct benefit 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: benjamin.rowe@hdr.qut.edu.au (B. Rowe).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the study uses a dataset that has been extensively annotated. However, the exact nature of these annotations is not specified. Therefore, I cannot provide information about the specific data annotation techniques used in this deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation.