Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Random forest model 

According to the parameter optimization results of the random forest 
(RF)  model,  five  training  samples  were  analyzed,  whose  importance 
scores (VI) were obtained by simulation, and the selected variables were 
sorted according to their scores. The results are shown in Fig. 3, in which 
the VI plots for the five samples are consistent; the scores of the selected 
10 variables were more than 20% VI, and showed a threshold of 30% VI, 
above which the variables assumed higher importance (Fig. 3). In the 
training  and  test  datasets,  the  intermediate  models  established  by  RF 
showed that the proportion of explained variance was between 91% and 
92%  (Table  4).  Further,  the  correlation  coefficients  between  the 

Table 1 
The results of multiple linear regression intermediate model.  

Variables 

p Value 
min 

p Value 
max 

NO.samples 
signif 

Direction 

PM2.5 
RH 
Ts 
Ms 
AP 
WS 
Dr 
UV 
PAR

random  forest  model  were  applied  using  R  statistical  software  (Team 
RDC, 2010).

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014642G.-Y. Shi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

sensor  model  was  AV-10  T  (Avalon  Inc.,  USA),  with  a  measurement 
◦
range of (cid:0) 45–65 
C, which are installed 0.2 m below the soil. The above 
monitoring indicators were stored by a CR1000 (USA) collector, sam-
pling frequency of 15 s/time, and storage period of 10 min, and the data 
were automatically transmitted in real time to the server through the 
DTU900C GPRS remote transmission module. 

2.3. Data processing and analysis

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014646G.-Y. Shi et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no mention of any specific hardware resources such as GPUs or TPUs being used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined from this context what hardware resources were utilized for training the deep learning model.