Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

plot and the data of the 2017 survey were used.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

2008)  and  nested  sample  plot  methods  as  well  as  relascope  sampling 
provide a number of efficiency benefits that simple circular sample plots 
cannot offer (H¨abel et al., 2019). In that case it is good practice to sample 
off-plot nearest neighbours of sample trees as well (plus-sampling) or 
alternatively to determine the diversity indices in-situ, i.e. in the field, 
thus  automatically  involving  off-plot  nearest  neighbours  (Motz  et  al., 
2010). For logistic reasons or when existing (historic) inventory data are 
re-analysed for diversity indices, plus-sampling is often not possible. In 
such situations it is generally good advice to estimate only simple di-
versity indices which exclusively rely on a single source of information, 
since the sampling errors of components of diversity indices potentially 
add  up  to  become  very  large  when  combined,  such  as  in  the  case  of 
′ 
weighted  species mingling  index, M
(Eq.  3 in Table  1). In  our study,

However,  often  the  data  analysist  involved  in  monitoring  has  no 
choice or there are convincing arguments for using relascope samples. 
For example, as mentioned before, the sampling of tree diversity indices 
is often added to existing forest inventories (Motz et al., 2010; Sterba, 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025797A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general knowledge, various methods can be employed for gathering raw data, including but not limited to:

1. Surveys: Data collection through structured or unstructured questionnaires, interviews, or observations. This method is commonly used in social sciences, market research, and other fields where human input is required.

2. Sensors: Devices designed to detect changes in their environment and convert them into electrical signals. Examples include temperature sensors, accelerometers, gyroscopes, cameras, microphones, and GPS devices. These sensors are widely used in IoT applications, robotics, autonomous vehicles, and more.

3. Public Datasets: Pre-existing datasets made available by organizations, researchers, or government agencies. These datasets can be used directly or after some preprocessing steps. Some popular sources of public datasets include UCI Machine Learning Repository, Kaggle, Google Dataset Search, and AWS Open Data Registry.

Without further context, it is impossible to specify which of these methods was used in this particular scenario.