Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Regarding data analytics features, machine learning, statistical, and 
mathematical  models  were  commonly  used  to  analyze  the  raw  data. 
Sensors are the primary sensing technology to help generate the data to 
support data analytics performance. The UAVs, UGVs, and GIS can be 
used as additional data sources to get more precise data regarding farm 
conditions. For example, the UAV and GIS can be used as data sources 
when  the  smart  system  needs  spatial,  location  or  area  data.  A  cloud 
computing platform and standalone system (i.e., dedicated server) are 
commonly  found  as  the  computing  infrastructure  to  implement  data 
processing and analytics. Furthermore, WSN and cellular networks are 
used to communicate among the devices in the field, while RFID is an 
optional approach. In order to disseminate and visualize the actual data, 
mobile applications are required in smart dairy farming systems. In this

Smart farming IoT platform based on edge and cloud computing. Biosyst. Eng. 177, 
4–17. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.biosystemseng.2018.10.014. 

Zhang, T., et al., 2024. Fully automatic system for fish biomass estimation based on deep 
neural network. Eco. Inform. 79 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102399. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261325

4.2. Context diagram 

The context diagram of the data management system in the smart 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261311N.N.K. Krisnawijaya et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 22. Context diagram.  

server. Meanwhile, a system with at least one server and multiple clients 
is a client-server system, i.e., mobile or web applications. Finally, the 
cloud-based system is a system that has multiple servers and multiple 
clients  with  advanced  communication  technology  (Tummers  et  al., 
2021). 

5. Case study evaluation 

5.1. Problem statement

4.4. Deployment view 

Fig. 24 shows the identified modules to the relevant hardware. The 
data  acquisition,  storage,  visualization,  and  processing  packages  are 
placed on the data management server. On the user side, the application 
systems are deployed and installed. Other nodes are the devices that act 
as data generators for the smart farming system. The deployment view 
presents zero or more servers and one or more clients. The standalone 
system  with  all  modules  on  the  client  side  is  deployed  if  there  is  no 

Fig. 21. Feature diagram of data security.  

4. Reference architecture design 

4.1. Selection of views

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the case study involves a smart farming system utilizing various technologies such as sensors, UAVs, UGVs, GIS, and machine learning algorithms. However, the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. It could have been any of the popular platforms like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform, but without further details, we cannot determine the exact platform used.