Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

relevant regions within the images. ROI pooling aids in the selection and 
analysis  of  specific  image  regions  for  accurate  object  classification.  2 
different  versions  of  Faster  R-CNN  were  created  for  the  benchmark, 
Faster R-CNN (640) with an input dimension of 640 × 640 and Faster R- 
CNN (1280) with an input dimension of 1280 × 1280. They both used 
Resnet50 as a backbone, have 41 m parameters, and are pre-trained on 
ImageNet.  Both  those  dimensions  were  chosen  to  match  the  Yolov5 
input dimensions. Still, after multiple tests, the 640-version had incon-
clusive results. This can be explained by the important features being too 
small using this resolution for Faster R-CNN. Only the 1280 version was 
used in the benchmark.

Ten species of interest, common and known to be abundant in agricul-
tural  soils,  were  chosen  to  be  automatically  identified  with  deep 
learning as a proof of concept: Ceratophysella denticulata (Bagnall, 1941) 
(CERDEN),  Ceratophysella  Gibbosa  (Bagnall,  1941)  (CER-GIB),  Hemi-
sotoma  thermophila  (HEM-THE)  (Axelson,  1900),  Hypogastrura  manu-
brialis (Tullberg, 1869) (HYP-MAN), Lepidocyrtus cyaneus (Schille, 1908) 
(LEP-CYA), Lepidocyrtus Lanuginosus (Gmelin, 1788) (LEP-LAN), Meta-
phorura  affinis  (B¨orner,  1902)  (MET-AFF),  Isotomiella  minor  (Sch¨affer, 
1896) (ISO-MIN) and Parisotoma notabilis (Sch¨affer, 1896) (PARNOT). 
These species have been chosen to identify if state-of-the-art models of 
deep  learning  can  detect  and  identify  the  interspecies  morphological 
similarity and the intra-species morphological variance of Collembola. 
To  give  examples  of  similarity,  the  species  Parisotoma  notabilis  and

The models were all trained with the same parameters: 500 epochs, 
an initial learning rate of 0.01 with a weight decay of 0.005, the opti-
mizer Adam was chosen, with a beta1 of 0.937, and data augmentation 
transformations  were  applied  while  training.  Data  augmentation  is  a 
technique used in machine learning to artificially increase the size of a 
dataset  by  creating  new  samples  from  the  existing  ones.  Augmented 
samples are used to train the model more effectively by increasing its 
ability to generalize and its accuracy on the test dataset. The advantage 
of this technique when dealing with a low amount of data such as in our 
case, is the reduced risk of overfitting, since models are exposed to more 
variations, they will tend  to less memorize the dataset. This  becomes 
essential when you have limited data to train models with, which is a 
common problem in deep-learning applications. Another advantage is

lembola  in  agricultural  soils,  often  relatively  poor  in  diversity,  deep 
learning would allow the mass use of this indicator. It could allow ex-
perts to save time by focusing their attention on less frequent species. 
Microarthropods  (including  Collembola  and  Acari)  identification  and 
analysis of Collembola with deep learning has already been tried before 
(Kampichler et al., 2000; Sys et al., 2022), but even though optical mi-
croscopy is not something new in deep learning, learning, Collembola 
identification through microscopic slides has never been done before. 
This study aims at the investigation of the effectiveness of deep learning 
on species identification via microscope slide images, particularly in the 
context of Collembola identification. In this context, two hypotheses are 
presented.  The  first  hypothesis  suggests  that  a  state-of-the-art  deep 
learning model can accurately detect and identify most Collembola at

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the location of the data repository. However, it is common practice to publish datasets related to research studies on platforms like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. To find out the exact location of the data repository, please refer to the original source of the text snippets or contact the authors directly.