Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Y. Moua, et al.

Ecological Informatics 57 (2020) 101086

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

the background set were implemented.

(1) The method initially proposed by Moua et al. (2017) (referred to as
BGenv hereafter) is based on the estimation of the sampling eﬀort
within the environmental space. The principle, the implementation
of which is detailed below, is as follow: the sampling eﬀort asso-
ciated with a given pixel i of the study area corresponds to the ratio
of the number of sampled pixels over the total number of pixels,
within the environmental neighborhood of i deﬁned by using a
Gaussian-like membership function.

Firstly, all pixels of the study area are represented in the environ-
mental variable space. This is accomplished by performing a Principal
Component Analysis (PCA), a Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA)
or a Factor Analysis of Mixed Data (FAMD) (Pages, 2004) depending on

Ecological Informatics 57 (2020) 101086

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Correcting the eﬀect of sampling bias in species distribution modeling – A
new method in the case of a low number of presence data
Yi Mouaa,b,⁎

, Emmanuel Rouxb, Frédérique Seylerb, Sébastien Briolantc,d

T

a ESPACE-DEV, UMR 228 (IRD, UM, UR, UA, UG), Université de Guyane, Cayenne, French Guiana
b ESPACE-DEV (IRD, Univ Montpellier, Univ La Réunion, Univ Guyane, Univ des Antilles), Institut de Recherche pour le Développement (IRD), Montpellier, France
c Unité de Parasitologie et Entomologie, Département des Maladies Infectieuses, Institut de Recherche Biomédicale des Armées, 19-21 Boulevard Jean Moulin, 13005
Marseille, France
d IRD, AP-HM, SSA, UMR Vecteurs – Infections Tropicales et Méditerranéennes (VITROME), IHU - Méditerranée Infection, Aix Marseille Université, 19-21 bd Jean Moulin,
13385 Marseille Cedex 5, France

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not discuss any specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Instead, it focuses on correcting the effect of sampling bias in species distribution modeling when dealing with a low number of presence data. Therefore, I cannot provide information regarding the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline based on this context.