Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

trogram. In addition to different TFRs, a different deep learning architecture, SubSpectralNet, is employed
to classify bird sounds. Experimental results on classifying 43 bird species show that fusing selected deep
learning models can effectively increase the classiﬁcation performance. Our best fused model can achieve a
balanced accuracy of 86.31% and a weighted F1-score of 93.31%.

TABLE 3. Classification performance of different methods using single
CNN-based model. Here, Mel-CNN, Harm-CNN, and Perc-CNN denote that
the input to those CNNs are Mel-spectrogram, harmonic-component
based spectrogram, and percussive-component based spectrogram.
Subnet-CNN denotes that a SubSpectralNet architecture is used with the
Mel-spectrogram as the input.

[17] M. Lasseck, ‘‘Acoustic bird detection with deep convolutional neural

networks,’’ in Proc. DCASE Challenge, Sep. 2018, pp. 143–147.

[18] C. H. Lee, C. C. Han, and C. C. Chuang, ‘‘Automatic classiﬁcation of
bird species from their sounds using two-dimensional cepstral coefﬁ-
cients,’’ IEEE Trans. Audio, Speech, Language Process., vol. 16, no. 8,
pp. 1541–1550, Nov. 2008.

[19] S. S. R. Phaye, E. Benetos, and Y. Wang, ‘‘SubSpectralNet—Using sub-
spectrogram based convolutional neural networks for acoustic scene clas-
siﬁcation,’’ in Proc. IEEE Int. Conf. Acoust., Speech Signal Process.
(ICASSP), May 2019, pp. 825–829.

[20] J. K. Piczak, ‘‘The details that matter: Frequency resolution of spectro-
grams in acoustic scene classiﬁcation,’’ in Proc. Detection Classiﬁcation
Acoustic Scenes Events Workshop, 2017, pp. 103–107.
and M. Aono,
spectrograms
of

classiﬁcation
temporal
in Proc. DCASE Challenge, Sep.
[Online].
http://dcase.community/challenge2018/task-acoustic-scene-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to provide a detailed explanation about how the trained deep learning model was deployed. However, we do have some clues regarding the training process of the model.

From the context, it appears that the authors use a VGG-style network for the feature learning part of their proposed model. They train this network using Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10^-4, categorical cross-entropy as the loss function, batch size of 64 samples, and 200 epochs.

While the deployment process is not explicitly mentioned, one common practice when working with deep learning models is to serialize or save the trained model after completion of the training phase. This serialized model can then be loaded into another environment or platform for further testing or production usage.

In terms of platform selection, popular choices include cloud platforms like AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, etc., where users can leverage prebuilt machine learning services or custom containers to host their models. Alternatively, they could also choose edge devices such as NVIDIA Jetson boards, Intel Neural Compute Stick, etc., depending upon the specific requirements of their application.

However, without more specific information about the author's approach, these suggestions remain speculative. It would be helpful if additional context were provided to give a more accurate response.