Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The LSTM model is trained using the mean squared error (MSE) as 
loss function and the ADAM optimization (Kingma and Ba (2015)). To 
avoid overfitting, a dropout layer is added. The dropout layer, described 
¨
by 
Ozgür  and  Nar  (2020),  is  a  regularization  method  that  randomly 
excludes some inputs from activation and weight updates while training 
a network. Inputs not set to zero are scaled up by 1/(1 (cid:0) rate) such that 
the  sum  over  all  inputs  remains  the  same.  The  training  set  is  pre-
processed using a MinMaxScaler that transforms each feature by scaling 
it  to  a  [0–1]  range.  The  dimension  of  the  temporal  window  must  be 
selected  dynamically  considering  the  performance  obtained  with 
different values on the available dataset. 

In  the  specific  case  of  Modena,  an  Italian  city  spanning  183  km2, 

there are two legal AQ stations denoted by red dots in Fig. 6.

Moreover,  the  LSTM  model  was  not  able  to  predict  the  values  of 
concentration in the 13% of test observations due to the absence of a 
long enough sequence of previous observations without missing values 
in  the  input  features.  VR  + SVR  instead  is  always  able  to  provide  a 
prediction, satisfying the requirement of data completeness reported in 
Williams  et  al.  (2014).  Therefore,  VR  + SVR  is  a  good  alternative  to 
LSTM when there are frequent holes in the time series of measurements 
and when there are not enough past observations to successfully employ 
LSTM. 

With VR + SVR we demonstrated how to overcome the problem of 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10256814C. Bachechi et al.

4.1. Database structure 

The structure of the database for storing information related to the 
air quality sensors and the legal stations is shown in Fig. 3. The data 
model  was  implemented  following  the  standard  “ISO  19156:2011 
Geographic  information  -  Observations  and  Measurements”  (ISO 
(2011))  and  the  TAQE  model  defined  for  Traffic  and  Air  Quality  Ap-
plications in Smart Cities by Martínez et al. (2022). The database is a 
PostgreSQL database with PostGIS extension to handle geospatial data 
and Timescale extension to make SQL scalable for time-series data (i.e., 
sensor measurements). 

At each moment, every device is described by a status and is located 
at a specific point in the city. The status changes when a device is moved 
from one location to another to collect measurements in the new loca-

4  https://codeocean.com/capsule/0864495/tree  
5  https://github. 

com/ChiaraBachechi/AQCalibrationFramework

Table 7 
Results of Exp.3. 

the distribution of values in the training is more similar to the one of the 
test period. However, when LSTM is performing better than VR + SVR, 
the gain in performance is more significant. 

In  terms  of  bias,  the  results  are  good  for  both  NO  and  NO2.  The 
precision of sensors 4005, 4007, 4009, and 4012 is very low for both NO 
and NO2. Sensor 4006 shows a high precision error only for NO. The 
other sensors have very good performances, even reaching the regula-
tory  monitoring  required  performances.  This  is  an  important  result, 
considering that the mean value of the NO concentrations during the test 
period  (17.22  μg/m3)  was  beyond  the  noise  limit  of  the  cell  (18.75 
μg/m3). The mean concentration of NO is low because the test periods 
are during the co-location near the background station which is located 
in a green area far away from the most relevant source of pollution, such 
as road traffic.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it does not explicitly mention the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details about model serialization or platform selection. It primarily focuses on describing the LSTM model architecture, its training process, and evaluation metrics. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the deployment process of the trained deep learning model.