Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

acquired while learning the 27 endemic bird species should be
used to solve related tasks pertaining to the 29 endemic bird
species. Otherwise, considerable time would be spent every
time a new dataset of birds is used. Therefore, to implement
the entire process, we adopted a deep-learning-based model
(Inception-ResNet-v2) to train and learn the features of 27
endemic bird species (source domain). Then, the learned fea-
tures were transferred to a second target network to train the
newly added dataset on endemic bird species (target domain).
Thus, the problem was deﬁned as follows: for a given source
domain DS and learning task LT and target domain DT
and learning task TL, the transfer learning technique helps
improve the learning of the target predictive function fT (·)
in DT using the knowledge acquired from DS and LT , where
DS (cid:54)= DT or LT (cid:54)= TL [25], [26]. Transfer learning method
enables to utilize knowledge from previously learned tasks

IV. EXPERIMENTAL SETTINGS
To extract the relevant features of birds, we randomly split
the endemic bird data into 3,132 images for training and
760 images for testing. To allow the deep networks to con-
verge and improve the ability of the model to generalize
adeptly, we augmented the training dataset 10 times, resulting
in a total of 31,320 images. Then, 25,056 (80%) images were
used for training and 6,264 (20%) were used for validation.
The Inception-ResNet-v2 model was trained using the mini-
batch gradient descent algorithm with the batch size set to
32 and the learning rate maintained at 0.0001. The Adam
optimizer was used to ﬁne-tune the model with the following
parameters:

• Exponential decay rate of ﬁrst-moment estimation

of 0.9.

102982

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

which constitute a large part of their diet. Thus, birds provide
regeneration and resilience to ecosystems to sustain their
biodiversity. Thus, it is essential to identify endemic birds
that are prone to invasion by ecologically similar species that
may eventually cause niche domination or the extirpation of
species already existing on the island.

The interior of the Inception-ResNet-v2 network model
inception modules—Inception-
includes three types of
ResNet-A,
Inception-ResNet-B, and Inception-ResNet-C
blocks—that use 35 × 35, 17 × 7, and 8 × 8 grid mod-
ules, respectively, to generate discriminatory features and
reduce the number of parameters. To obtain different feature
extraction patterns of the bird images, the input size of the
images is 299 × 299 pixels with three different color channels
(red, green, and blue) for the stem layer. Then, the inception
module uses a block of parallel convolutional layers with a
multilevel feature extractor that extracts local and generic
features from the input images of the birds by computing
three different sizes of ﬁlters (1 × 1, 3 × 3, and 5 × 5) and
a max pooling layer within the same module of the network.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model used in this study is not explicitly stated as either classification, segmentation, or detection. However, based on the information provided, it can be inferred that the primary goal of the model is to classify endemic bird species. This is evident from the statement that the model aims to "train and learn the features of 27 endemic bird species" and then transfer these learned features to a second target network to train a newly added dataset on endemic bird species. Additionally, the fact that the authors mention using the Inception-ResNet-v2 model, which is commonly used for image classification tasks, further supports this conclusion.