Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

FIGURE 2 | The training process of the YOLOv5 model. The left panel depicts the loss function that drives the learning process. This function penalizes incorrect
predictions of the three focal species as well as missed ones. The learning consists of iterative reduction of this penalty for the training set images (blue) by a
stochastic gradient algorithm (Ruder, 2016). The validation set images (red) do not participate in the optimization and the gradual reduction in their loss indicates that
the training has not reached an overﬁtting point. The validation loss stabilizes after 30 epochs, suggesting that further training might lead to overﬁtting. Thus, the
deep learning model generated by 30 training epochs was used for tests. A different perspective on the gradually improving performance of the model is provided in
the right panel. The model’s average precision (AP) improves with the number of training epochs. The plot depicts the model’s mean AP (mAP) over the three insect
classes.

Model Training
Deep learning models
iteratively: generating
learn data
predictions of the training set samples, evaluating them by

3https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/tree/v4.0
4https://cocodataset.org/#home

the loss function, and modifying their parameters according
to the loss function’s gradient. Thus,
the loss declines in
each training round (aka epoch), and the model’s annotation
accuracy increases (Figure 2 and Supplementary Figure 1).
As the number of parameters of a typical deep learning
model
is large, overﬁtting is a major concern. A common
(partial) remedy is the use of validation data, which are set-
aside while training, yet their annotations by the models are
the training
monitored. The validation data help to limit
duration, thereby reducing the risk of overﬁtting. In this study
we used 30 epochs per training task, based on our validation
runs (Figure 2).
The data of

34.56588

July, 2020

46

10

10

10

8

10

10

and to label them correctly. For the training and testing of the
method we used labeled images, which were divided to three
subsets: “training,” “validation,” and “test.” In the training phase
the algorithm uses the “training” and “validation” sets to create
a statistical model. In the test phase we apply the model to
the “test” set images, ignoring their labels. Each predicted label
is associated with a conﬁdence score that considers both the
probability that the label is correct, and the expected overlap
between the ground truth bounding box and the predicted one.
This overlap is expressed as the Intersection over union (IoU),
indicating the agreement between a predicted bounding box and
a ground truth box (Eq. 1).

We used the average precision, over all observed recall values,
as a single model-performance metric, which takes into account
the trade-oﬀ between precision and recall. Precision values, and
hence also their average, range between 0 and 1. The average
precision of an ideal predictive model equals 1, meaning it always
detects every class correctly. As this value decreases, so does the
performance of the model.

Preliminary Application to Forest
Ecology Research
We used the samples of 2020 to test how well the machine-
learning model captures insect abundance variability in “real-life”
data. A total of 58 traps, set up in July 2020 in six research sites,
served as the dataset (Table 1). The three focal insects were tagged
on all images by an expert. Nineteen traps that did not contain
any of these species of interest were excluded from further

Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution | www.frontiersin.org

6

May 2021 | Volume 9 | Article 600931

fevo-09-600931

May 17, 2021

Time: 21:42

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves using validation data. These data are set aside while training but their annotations by the models are monitored. The validation data help to limit the duration of training, thereby reducing the risk of overfitting. In this study, they used 30 epochs per training task, based on their validation runs.