Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection and processing

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

Respiration  (RE),  Net  Solar  Radiation  (NSR),  Air  Temperature  (TA), 
Wind Speed (WS), Relative Humidity (RH), Precipitation (P). Post-2016 
flux tower data was not available to us from the data handling group; 
hence, we had to constrain our study to a period spanning two years, 
specifically  from  December  2014  to  November  2016.  This  signifies  a 
limitation of the study. We also would like to highlight that in these 2 
years,  the  links  appearing  in  the  causal  networks  remained  relatively 
consistent. 

3. Method 

3.1. Temporal Information Partitioning Network (TIPNet)

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Leena Khadke: Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis, 
Methodology, Writing – original draft. Sandipan Mukherjee: Concep-
tualization, Data curation, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Writing – 
review  &  editing.  Kireet Kumar:  Data  curation, Funding  acquisition. 
Subimal  Ghosh:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis, 
Funding  acquisition,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Project  administra-
tion, Supervision, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 

Data availability 

The half-hour temporal resolution flux tower data for all variables 
used  in  this  study  is  available  with  Dr.  Sandipan  Mukherjee  and  the 
competent  authorities  of  G.  B.  Pant  National  Institute  of  Himalayan 
Environment, Almora, Uttarakhand, India. 

Acknowledgements

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (i.e., into train, test, and validation sets). However, it can be inferred that the authors collected and processed data using various environmental factors such as Respiration (RE), Net Solar Radiation (NSR), Air Temperature (TA), Wind Speed (WS), Relative Humidity (RH), and Precipitation (P) over a period of two years (December 2014 to November 2016). They utilized a significance level of 1% and considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 hours) during their network computation. It appears that they employed the Temporal Information Partitioning Network (TIPNet) method for their research. Nevertheless, without explicit details regarding the data splitting criteria for deep learning model training, one cannot provide a definitive answer.