Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

L). Overall, the performance of RF and GBDT was weaker than that of 
CatBoost. However, in our experiment, the training and hyperparameter 
optimisation times for CatBoost were significantly longer than those of 
the  other  models,  which  may  be  due  to  the  complex  internal  feature 
processing  of  the  model  and  the  fact  that  we  did  not  use  a  GPU  for 
training. For Nansi Lake, XGBoost demonstrated the highest robustness 
for estimating the water Chla concentration and turbidity.

In recent years, machine learning (ML) has been applied in various 
fields  due  to  its  powerful  ability  to  handle  non-linear  relationships 
(Mohammadi et al., 2023), according to previous surveys, an increasing 
number of studies are attempting to use ML methods to estimate WQP. Li 
et al. established a Support Vector Machine (SVM) model to estimate 
Chla concentrations in 45 typical lakes in China based on measured data 
from 2017 to 2019; the results indicated that this model is suitable for 
lakes  with  medium  to  low  Chla  concentrations  (Li  et  al.,  2021). 
Muhammad et al. developed a neural network model called the Ocean 
Color  Network  (OGN)  to  estimate  Chla  concentrations  in  the  Barents 
Sea,  in  comparison  to  Gaussian  Process  Regression,  this  network 
demonstrated  a  5.2%  reduction  in  mean  absolute  error  (Asim  et  al., 
2021). Ensemble learning (EL) is one of the key technologies in the field

Researchers have developed numerous WQP inversion algorithms for 
different lakes over the years. These algorithms include Band Ratio (BR), 
Three Bands (TB), NDCI, NDTI, Multiple Linear Regression (MLR), and 
more.  In  this  study,  the  development  of  these  algorithms  is  also 
considered. Moreover, deep learning algorithms were also considered, 
however,  the  limited  number  of  samples  was  not  conducive  to  deep 
learning, a point supported by the evidence in the research of Feng et al. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259716J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 18. Timeline of water quality changes in Nansi Lake.

RF is the first algorithm selected as a representative of the bagging 
algorithm family, Random Forest (RF) is the first algorithm we selected 
(Breiman,  2001).  Taking regression  as  an example,  its  core idea  is  to 
construct multiple weak learners in parallel and ultimately output the 
result as the average of the weak learners to enhance model accuracy. In 
addition,  we  chose  several  Boosting  algorithms.  The  GBDT,  improves 
upon the initial boosting algorithm by introducing the concepts of fitting 
residuals and sampling (Friendman, 2001). XGBoost, built upon GBDT, 
it  incorporated  a  structural  risk  term  into  the  loss  function  L(y,y ˆ), 
forming the objective functionO(y,y ˆ), XGBoost also introduced a novel 
impurity measure metric, which considers complexity in splitting rules 
(Chen and Guestrin, 2016). Additionally, it employs new tree-building 
processes, such as estimation greedy algorithms, parallel learning, and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was used.