Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

When  it  comes  to  the  application  of  deep  learning  models,  it  is 
mandatory to train the model on training data that resemble the data, on 
which  the model will be applied  later. If the  model is  applied over  a 
longer period of time (as it can be the case in long term biomonitoring), 
the training dataset and the dataset, on which the model is applied can 
have  different  data  distributions  due  to  some  reasons,  like  different 
recording  conditions  (brightness,  scale)  or  recording  devices/sensors 
(contrast,  resolution).  This  is  a  well-known  phenomenon  called  data 
drift  or  domain  drift  (Farahani  et  al.,  2020).  Thus,  it  is  necessary  to 
create specific datasets tailored to the desired application. The field of 
machine learning that is dealing with this discrepancy across domain 
distributions, is called domain adaption, with the aim of increasing the 
transferability of models to datasets with similar statistical properties.

function to ignore a certain class. These annotations are made manually, 
using special software, and consume large amounts of time. For model 
development  there  are  many  well  established  collections  of  image 
datasets for the training and evaluation of the models, such as ImageNet

Neural  networks  can  be  trained  in  a  supervised,  semi-supervised 
(Chen  et  al.,  2021;  Zhao  et  al.,  2020)  or  unsupervised  (Harb  and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019) way. When it comes to supervised 
learning (Deng et al., 2009; Minaee et al., 2021), the models are typi-
cally  trained with a  huge amount of  training data. This  training  data 
consist of input and target image pairs, where the input image describes 
the image that is supposed to be classified and the target image describes 
the  corresponding  classes  (labels).  For  semantic  image  segmentation, 
the  target  image  consists  of  a  fully  labeled  image,  which  means  that 
every single pixel of the training image is assigned to a certain class. In 
some cases, parts of the image that have no influence on the specific task 
can  be  ignore  by  the  model  (overexposed,  underexposed  or  blurred 
parts, unimportant parts etc.). This can be done by adjusting the loss

processing  of  the  recorded  images.  In  some  cases,  deep  learning 
models perform quite poorly when the training data and the test data are 
recorded with different types of cameras, different illumination condi-
tions  and/or  different  acquisition  geometries.  Hence,  additional  con-
siderations  concerning  transferability  of  the  model  are  needed,  if 
training  and  model  application  are  based  on  datasets  taken  with 
different devices, as e.g., reflex camera and smartphone, respectively.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including steps such as model serialization or platform selection. However, we can infer from the given information that after training the deep learning model using appropriate techniques (such as supervised, semi-supervised, or unsupervised learning), the model would need to be saved or serialized for deployment purposes. This could involve saving the model weights, architecture, and other relevant parameters into a file format compatible with the chosen deployment platform.

As for platform selection, depending on the intended use case, the deployed model might run on various platforms, such as edge devices, cloud servers, or mobile applications. To ensure optimal performance and compatibility, factors like computational resources, latency requirements, and available hardware should be considered during platform selection. Additionally, any potential differences between the training and testing data distributions (data drift or domain drift) must also be addressed through methods like domain adaptation to improve the model's transferability and robustness.