Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

14 / 19

Deep learning tools for bat acoustic signal detection

S1 Fig. CNNFAST network architecture description. The CNNFAST network consists of two
convolution layers (Conv1 and Conv2), with 16 filters each (shown in yellow, with the filter
size shown inset). Both convolution layers are followed by a max pooling layer (Max Pool1 and
Max Pool2), and the network ends with a fully connected layer with 64 units (Fully Connect).
CNNFAST computes feature maps (shown as white boxes) across the entire input spectrogram,
resulting in less computation and a much faster run time. The fully connected layer is also eval-
uated as a convolution. The output of the detector is a probability vector (shown in green)
whose length is one quarter times the width of the input spectrogram. The numbers below
each layer indicate the height, weight, and depth of the corresponding layer.
(TIF)

CNNFULL, CNNFAST, Random Forest, and the Segmentation algorithms took 53, 9.5, 11,
and 17 seconds respectively, to run the full detection pipeline on the 3.2 minutes of full spec-
trum iBats Romania and Bulgaria test dataset. Compared to CNNFULL there was therefore a
significant decrease in the time required to perform detection using CNNFAST, which was also
the fastest of our methods overall. Notably, close to 50% of the CNN runtime was spent gener-
ating the spectrograms for detection, making this the most computationally expensive stage in
the pipeline.

Ecological monitoring application results

Our result that deep learning networks consistently outperformed other baselines, is consis-

Our evaluation on large-scale ecological monitoring data from Jersey [49], demonstrated
that our open-source BatDetect CNNFAST pipeline performs as well or better (controlling for
spatial and temporal non-independence) compared with an existing widely-used commercial
system (SonoBat) that had been manually filtered (false positives were removed). Here we

PLOS Computational Biology | https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005995 March 8, 2018

13 / 19

Deep learning tools for bat acoustic signal detection

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information about the specific code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in their study. However, it mentions that they have made their work available as open source software, so it can be assumed that the code repository would likely be found on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. To find the exact link, readers may need to search for the authors' names or the name of the project ("BatDetect") on these platforms or contact the authors directly for more information.