Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• CNN  window  size  (dim-filter-cnn)  ∈ [3, 4, 5, 6, 7].  The  convolution 
window size determines the size of the region over which convolu-
tion  is  applied  at  each  time  step.  It  is  important  to  choose  an 
appropriate window size to capture the relevant temporal patterns in 
the data.  

• the  number  of  filters  (nbr-filters-cnn)  ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64,
72, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  number  of  filters  determines 
how many different patterns the network can learn. The higher the 
number of filters, the more complex the network can be, but this can 
also make training more difficult.

structure as the one present in the encoder 

For more details on the theory of the elements discussed we refer the 
reader to the reference book (Goodfellow et al., 2016). This architecture 
involves  a  large  number  of  hyperparameters  related  to  the  different 
types of layers (convolutional or recurrent) and therefore a large number 
of  parameters.  As  a  reminder,  a  parameter  is  internal  to  the  neural 
network.  It  will  evolve  during  the  whole  training  process  A  hyper-
parameter is external to the training process, it defines the properties of 
the network. It remains static during the training process. 

The  HyperBand  algorithm  is  proposed  for  optimisation  and  is 

described in the next section.

encoder and the decoder:  

• hidden  layers  (nbr-layers-RHN)  ∈ [1, 2, 3, 4, 5].  The  hidden  layers 
allow the neural network to model non-linear relationships between 
inputs  and  outputs.  Each  hidden  layer  in  a  deep  neural  network 
computes a non-linear transformation of the previous layer's outputs, 
allowing  the  network  to  learn  increasingly  abstract  and  complex 
features as information is propagated through the network.  

• dimension of hidden state (dim-RHN) ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64, 72 
, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  dimension  of  the  hidden  state 
determines the size of the hidden state vectors that are calculated at 
each time step of the model. A higher dimension of the hidden state 
can allow the model to capture more complex and subtle information 
in the data, but it can also make the model slower to train and require 
more training data.

Monitoring the impact of human activities on the environment is a major challenge as many pollutants can be 
found in the different ecosystems. This is the case of the caesium-137 that has been present in the environment 
for  many  decades  as  a  result  of  atmospheric  tests,  accidents  such  as  Chernobyl  and  release  from  nuclear  in-
dustries. With the recent advance in data-driven models, this study evaluate the relevance of a deep learning tool 
for reconstructing caesium-137 chronics particulate concentration in rivers. An encoder-decoder neural network, 
“Hierarchical  Attention-Based  Recurrent  Highway  Networks”(HRHN),  is  proposed  notably  for  its  ability  to 
extract the most relevant temporal and spatial information from the databases. Three monitoring stations were 
studied, one on the Rhˆone River and two on the Loire River, all of them downstream nuclear industries in these

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine what specific data format is being used in the deep learning pipeline. However, considering that the goal is to reconstruct caesium-137 chronic particulate concentrations in rivers using Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks (HRHN), it can be assumed that the input data would likely consist of time series data containing measurements of caesium-137 levels in water samples collected from various locations along the river systems. These measurements could potentially be stored in a structured format like CSV files, with columns representing variables such as date/time, location, and caesium-137 concentration level. Additionally, since HRHNs are designed to handle sequential data, the input data should ideally be organized in a way that preserves the temporal order of the observations.