Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

to sample from and we determined that a point-based accuracy assess-
ment was best (Müllerová et al., 2013). We report standard accuracies
and kappa values to enable comparison with other studies (Jensen,
2005; Müllerová et al., 2013).

2.5. Accuracy assessment

We

assessed classiﬁcation accuracy within the
analysis
regions for each image by selecting 100 random points using ArcGIS's
random point generating utility and visually assessing the class at
that point (see Supplementary data for Python code). Because
herbaceous cover was much less common in the forested area, we
used a proportionally stratiﬁed sampling strategy and ensured that at
least 10 points of classiﬁed herbaceous cover were assessed for accuracy
at each site. Preliminary accuracies were determined to be similar
for individual sites, so we pooled the accuracy assessment across
sites. We then generated an additional 15 random points within
herbaceous cover for the 2009 images so the total across sites was
more than 50.

Most importantly, scale sensitivity implies that if one had used
only one scale (e.g., the scale of one available dataset), the conclu-
sion would have depended strongly on which scale was used. This
result argues for more frequent and rigorous investigation of scale
sensitivity. We hope that the ArcGIS Python scripts developed for

this research project might make this kind of scale sensitivity test
more accessible for other analysts. Another solution is to compare
the results with other datasets, even qualitatively, to check for spuri-
ous scale-dependent relationships. In our case, we were able to refer
to dendrochronological work done on the same system (Schriver and
Sherriff, 2015), but in historical ecology more generally these data
sources can include historical land surveys and travel journals
(Grossinger, 2012).

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

the histogram of values for the band in question for breakpoints
in order to choose thresholds. Different bands were helpful for
segmenting and classifying different images. For 2009 NAIP images,
NDVI as well as mean values of different bands (e.g., green, infra-red),
or overall image brightness were often helpful (and for one site, Bald
Hills, per-pixel texture variables calculated for the red band in addition
to the image bands and NDVI were needed in order to discriminate
between classes); for historical imagery the image brightness value
worked well, in addition to contrast, homogeneity, dissimilarity and
second moment (see Supplementary data for example eCognition rule
sets).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the use of deep learning models or their evaluation metrics. However, it mentions that the study reports standard accuracies and kappa values to enable comparison with other studies. These metrics are commonly used to evaluate the performance of classification tasks, including those performed by deep learning models. Accuracy measures the percentage of correct predictions out of all predictions made, while Kappa statistic is a measure of agreement between two raters who each classify items into mutually exclusive categories. It takes into account the possibility of the agreement occurring by chance. Therefore, based on the given context, it can be inferred that the authors may have used accuracy and Kappa statistics to evaluate the performance of their classification method, although they do not explicitly mention using deep learning models.