Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

respectively.  N  represented  the  number  of  images  in  the  test  set  or 
validation set. 

2.2.6. Model training and hyper-parameters 

We  trained  models  on  the  training  sets  and  tracked  the  model 
training process on the validation set. The training process was stopped 
when  the  loss  value  of  the  model  on  the  validation  set  no  longer 
decreased. We then tested the model performance on the test set. Our 
computing platform was a Dell PowerEdge C4130 rack server with two 
Tesla  K80  GPUs  and  256  GB  of  memory.  For  the  deep  learning  envi-
ronment,  we  utilized  the  PyTorch  1.7.1  platform.  We  employed  the 
Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) optimizer with a momentum value of 
μ  = 0.9 to train the model. Other hyper-parameter settings for model 
training were shown in Table S.4 of the Supporting Information. 

3. Results 

3.1. Experiment results of transfer strategy optimization

empty  images  can  achieve  high  accuracy  (Norouzzadeh  et  al.,  2021, 
2018; Yang et al., 2021a, 2021c; Yousif et al., 2019). However, labeling 
large-scale samples for training deep learning models is time-consuming 
and  laborious,  posing  a  particular  challenge  for  ecological  research 
teams  (Nazir and Kaleem, 2024; Norouzzadeh et  al., 2021; Schneider 
et al., 2020).

The LSM dataset was only used as the target domain dataset, and we 
similarly randomly extracted capture events. Initially, we selected 6000 
capture events from the LSM dataset and divided 50% of them into the 
validation set (8958 images) and the other 50% into the test set (8948 
images).  We  labeled  them  as  L_V  and  L_T,  respectively.  Then,  we 
randomly selected events from the remaining parts to create five binary- 
class  training  sets  containing  2000,  5000,  8000,  10,000,  and  20,000 
images. These training sets were denoted as L_2, L_5, L_8, L_10, and L_20, 
respectively (see Table S.3 in the Supporting Information for the details). 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025273D.-Q. Yang et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A systematic study on transfer learning: Automatically identifying empty 
camera trap images using deep convolutional neural networks

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, it does provide information about the overall methodology used for training and testing the deep learning models.

The authors use Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) as their optimizer with a momentum value of μ = 0.9. This implies that they might be utilizing some form of randomness during the training process. Additionally, they divide their datasets into training, validation, and test sets, which could also introduce some level of randomness due to the selection process.

However, without further context or additional information regarding the implementation details, it is not possible to definitively state what strategies, if any, have been employed to manage randomness in the deep learning pipeline.