Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 1. Flowchart of the research process.  

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024642E.S. Kim et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 2. Study sites that underwent rapid urban development—Myeongnyun-dong and Gae-un-dong in Wonju-si, Republic of Korea. The bar graph represents changes 
in the area of land usage.

In  our  study,  we  utilized  data  from  the  third  and  fourth  natural 
environment surveys, incorporating various environmental variables, to 
assess  the  impact  of  urban  development  on  species  distribution.  To 
achieve  this,  we  employed  seven  different  machine  learning  models, 
extracting the Area Under the Curve (AUC) values for each model both 
before and after urban development (Fig. 3). The AUC value, a critical 
measure of model performance, indicated that the Generalized Linear 
Model  (GLM)  and  Random  Forest  (RF)  models  had  the  highest  AUC 
value  of  0.85,  while  the  Classification  and  Regression  Tree  (CART) 
model  had  the  lowest  at  0.79.  On  average,  the  models  demonstrated 
robust performance with an average AUC value of 0.84, underscoring 
their overall effectiveness in species distribution modeling. Despite the 
methodological similarities among the models, their distinct character-

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)102464Availableonline8January20241574-9541/©2024PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NC-NDlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).E.S. Kim et al.

forest vegetation (Kim et al., 2017).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the code repository link of any deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the available context.