Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

upload, thumbnail information in each video, the number of subscribers 
and number of uploaded videos on each channel, as well as the number 
and  presence/absence  of  wild  bird  species  in  each  video.  By  viewing 
videos that recorded wild birds’  singing, we accurately quantified the 
effects of the presence of specific species as well as species richness on 
the number of views. We then examined the relationship between the 
number of views in each video and important video factors selected by 
the machine learning algorithm.

For thumbnail information, we classified the thumbnail character-
istics into six categories, including people, birds, objects, scenery, text, 
and food. Objects that we identified in the videos were either a camera 
or  binoculars.  Each  thumbnail  category  was  recorded  as  a  separate 
column (i.e., basically, with a value of 0 or 1 in a separate column of 
each category). 

2.3. Data analysis 

The  following  data  analyses  were  performed  using  R  software 
version 4.1.2 (R Core Team, 2021) with Boruta, lmerTest, car, MuMIn, 
and randomForest packages.

2.2. Data extraction of videos displaying wild birds

number  of  subscribers  in  the  channel,  thumbnail  information,  bird 
species  that  appeared,  and  name(s)  of  target  place(s).  Because  the 
number of views increases with time, we recorded the number of views 
for the videos as of 16 July 2022.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model used in this study is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, based on the description of the research methodology, it can be inferred that the model might have been used for feature selection or classification purposes. Specifically, the researchers used a machine learning algorithm to select important video factors related to the number of views. This suggests that the model could have been employed to classify these factors and identify their significance in predicting viewership. Nevertheless, without further details about the type of machine learning algorithm used, it cannot be definitively determined whether the model served a classification, segmentation, or detection function.