Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

training  deep  noise  reduction  techniques.  There  are  also  challenges 
when generating training data for fine-tuning. Generally, clean data is 
collected, and noise profiles are superimposed to provide both the input 
data  and  a  “denoised”  ground  truth.  Collecting  clean  recordings  is 
infeasible  in  many  cases  or  requires  the  recording  of  captive  animals 
which  may  not  be  representative  of  the  wider  population.  Adjacent 
fields can generate human speech or music as required but this is not an 
option for many bioacoustics applications.

be  established  (Xie  et  al.,  2021).  Deep  noise  reduction  methods 
(Defossez et al., 2020) often use a U-net architecture which consists of an 
encoder and decoder section. The encoder produces a compressed latent 
space representation. The decoder then uses this latent space to recon-
struct the denoised waveform. Recently, transformer attention mecha-
nisms have also been applied with great success (Cao et al., 2022; Luo 
and  Mesgarani,  2019;  Luo  and  Mesgarani,  2023;  Zhang  et  al.,  2022; 
Zhao et al., 2022). As most deep-noise reduction methods focus on NLP 
applications, models are optimized for bandwidths ranging from 16 to 
22  kHz.  Bioacoustics  applications  commonly  exceed  this  bandwidth. 
Additionally, the sparsity of vocalisations in this application and many 
other  bioacoustics  applications  makes  the  development  of  large-scale 
datasets  infeasible  (Stowell,  2021).  These  factors  limit  the  success  of

Deep learning-based denoising methods are most commonly applied 
to  natural  language  processing  (NLP)  such  as  a  human  speech 
enhancement. D´efossez et al. (Defossez et al., 2020) demonstrated the 
potential for deep noise reduction techniques to achieve state-of-the-art 
(SOTA) performance and be applied in sub-real time on limited hard-
ware. These methods commonly operate on audio spectrograms but in 
recent  years  SOTA  deep  learning  methods  (Wang  et  al.,  2021)  have 
successfully  used  raw  waveform  data  (Luo and  Mesgarani,  2019; Luo 
and Mesgarani, 2023) for wider applications such as source separation 
and classification. This removes errors introduced when applying a Fast 
Fourier  Transform  (FFT)  to  generate  a  time-frequency  representation 
and reconstruction errors due to the loss of phase information. These 
networks tend to require more data for training as the latent space must

4.1.3. Efficiency 

Operating  bandwidth  is  an  efficiency  consideration.  The  relative 
computation time for spectral subtraction and WPD for each bandwidth 
is displayed in Fig. 3. For reference, the computation time of CMGAN is 
displayed but is constant as model inputs must be downsampled. 

Fig. 2. Noise reduction comparison of WPD. Fig. 2a original signal, Fig. 2b and 
spectral subtraction Fig. 2c for high frequency features. 

Fig.  3. Average  computation  time  of  each  noise  reduction  method  at  band-
widths ranging from 16 to 250 kHz, CMGAN has a constant computation time 
due to constrained input sample rate. 

5. Discussion 

5.1. Noise reduction

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. However, it mentions that these methods can be applied in sub-real time on limited hardware. Additionally, it discusses the computational time of various noise reduction methods, including CMGAN, which has a constant computation time due to constrained input sample rates. Based on this information, we can infer that the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model might include GPUs or other specialized processors designed for handling complex computations efficiently. Nevertheless, without explicit details about the hardware resources used, it is impossible to definitively determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or any other specific hardware was utilized during the training process.