Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Short-billed (common/mew) Gull Larus canus 
Geographic information system (GIS) 
Open access data 
Big data 
Socio-economics 
Multi-year field work 
Machine learning ensemble predictions 
(RandomForest Treenet CART MARS)

management, data sharing, and public open access and open source code in 
(tropical) research: The Rio convention revisited towards mega science and best 
professional research practices. In: F. Huettmann F. (Ed.), Central American 
Biodiversity: Conservation, Ecology, and a Sustainable Future. Springer, New York, 
pp. 391–418. 

Parish, E., Romulo, C.L., Bicudo Silva, R.F., Triezenberg, H., Yang, H., Zhao, Z., 
Zimmerer, K.S., Huettmann, F., Treglia, M.L., Basher, Z., Chung, M.G., 
Herzberger, A., Lenschow, A., Mechiche-Alami, A., Newig, J., Roch, J., Sun, J., 2018. 
Spillover systems in a telecoupled Anthropocene: typology, methods, and 
governance for global sustainability. Environ. Sustain. 33, 58–69. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.cosust.2018.04.009. 

Louise, H.G., 2020. Thinking with gulls: multi-species interactions in the Anthropocene. 

The Elphinstone Review 80. 

McArdle, B.H., 1988. The structural relationship: regression in biology. Can. J. Zool. 66 

(11), 2329–2339.

information system (GIS) platform and then added 68 open-access predictor layers, including socio-economic U. 
S. Census data. We trained, tested, and evaluated the performance of an ensemble of machine learning models, 
resulting in predictions of gull-abundance hotspots and coldspots, at 100-m resolution for inference. We find that 
Short-billed Gulls prefer the synergy of industrial areas near man-made water bodies, impervious surfaces, gravel 
pits, strip malls, transfer sites (garbage dumps) and some young forest vegetation. This study is a first-known 
attempt  to  utilize  a  blended  ‘Big  Data’  approach,  in  combination  with  traditional  multi-year  field-based data 
collection and alternative model assessments, in order to characterize an urban seabird niche. Our findings, and 
the digital infrastructure herein, provide an interdisciplinary baseline for potential applications in urban plan-
ning and monitoring the spread of disease reservoirs.

progress in this effort, for Fairbanks and for interior Alaska. We measure 
this  progress  via  Open  Access  data  compilations.  We  provide  a  first 
known,  multi-year  survey  dataset  for  Short-billed  Gulls  in  Alaska, 
explicit  in  space  and  time  with ISO-compliant  metadata.  This  dataset 
allows  for  presence/absence  data  analysis,  as  well  as  some  limited 
abundance estimates (Figs. 2, 3 and 4). Further, we compiled seven GIS 
layers, combined with 61 US Census data predictors, for the Fairbanks 
municipality,  also  with  ISO-compliant  metadata  (see  Appendix).  This 
combined effort provides a baseline infrastructure for future studies and 
allows  for  transparent  and  replicable  research  and  inference  to  work

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or reference to a specific code repository link for a deep learning pipeline related to the study. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the provided information.