Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

and erosion of peat) (Jones et al., 2020; Smith et al., 2020). Broadleaved

>50% cover of U. galli

Molina grassland
>50% cover of M. caerulea
Juncus rushes
>50% cover of Juncus spp.

LWHab classes
(based on Phase-1)

Broadleaved woodland
Needleleaved woodland
Improved grassland,
Arable crops

Bracken
Acid grassland
Neutral grassland
Calcareous grassland
Dry dwarf shrub heath (Ddsh)
Wet dwarf shrub heath (Wdsh)
Fen, Marshy grassland, and Swamp
Modified bog
Blanket bog
Raised bog
Open dune, Dune Grassland, Dune Heath,
Dune Scrub
Saltmarsh

Ulex dominated scrub

Molina grassland

Juncus rushes

* Perennial ryegrass, Trifolium repens, Ranunculus repens, Cynosurus cristatus, Poa trivialis.

Fig. 4. Harmonisation of habitat classes within (a) GMEP to generate (c) GMEPmod demonstrated over one of the GMEP 1 km2 square (SquareID: EYAQHZ). LWHab
map (b) is also shown to demonstrate the similarities and differences with GMEP and GMEPmod.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027147S.M. Punalekar et al.

grass rush pasture in GMEP. However, if contextual datasets were pro-
vided, these classes could be absorbed in appropriate wetland classes in
the mapping, thus reducing discrepancies with GMEP data.

using EO-data in Wales (Lucas et al., 2011) also show lower accuracies
for detailed classes such as neutral grasslands and scrub.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline for this study. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context. It would require additional information or resources to accurately address this query.