Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

images  that  need  to  be  reviewed  and  analyzed  (Norouzzadeh  et  al., 
2018; Swanson et al., 2015). These data processing tasks often represent 
a significant bottleneck in the research process from the collection of 
images  to  having  useful  information  to  answer  research  questions.  In 
response  to this challenge, many have  turned  to the field  of artificial 
intelligence (AI) to build computer vision models that leverage machine 
learning to help automate these data processing tasks (Christin et al., 
2019; Miao et al., 2019; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; S. Schneider et al., 
2018; Tabak et al., 2019; Thomson et al., 2018; Tuia et al., 2022; V´elez 
et  al.,  2022).  With  rapid  adoption  and  advancement  of  automated 
methods,  the  time-consuming  burden  of  manually  reviewing  and  la-
beling images has been significantly reduced, ultimately reducing the 
lag between data collection and application and alleviating some of the

Advancements  of  tools  and  technology  for  generating  information 
have led to the collection and storage of massive expanses of data that 
can  quickly  become  unwieldy  to  handle  using  traditional  analytical 
methods.  Often  referred  to  as  “Big  Data”,  these  datasets  are  rapidly 
generated  resulting  in  high  volumes  of  stored  data  that  needs  to  be 
processed  to  extract  pertinent  information  (Chen  et  al.,  2014;  Fosso 
Wamba  et  al.,  2015;  Hariri  et  al.,  2019).  When  the  rate  of  data  pro-
duction exceeds analytical capacity, this causes a backlog or lag between 
data collection and use of those data to draw meaningful insights and 
conclusions.  This  imbalance  between  data  collection  and  processing 
capacity is a common characteristic associated with Big Data and has 
become a significant challenge in the production of knowledge for many 
disciplines (Fosso Wamba et al., 2015; Philip Chen and Zhang, 2014). In

As  the  capacity  to  collect  and  store  large  amounts  of  data  expands,  identifying  and  evaluating  strategies  to 
efficiently convert raw data into meaningful information is increasingly necessary. Across disciplines, this data 
processing task has become a significant challenge, delaying progress and actionable insights. In ecology, the 
growing use of camera traps (i.e., remotely triggered cameras) to collect information on wildlife has led to an 
enormous volume of raw data (i.e., images) in need of review and annotation. To expedite camera trap image 
processing,  many  have  turned  to  the  field  of  artificial  intelligence  (AI)  and  use  machine  learning  models  to 
automate tasks such as detecting and classifying wildlife in images. To contribute understanding of the utility of 
AI tools for processing wildlife camera trap images, we evaluated the performance of a state-of-the-art computer

formance which is likely to continue to improve as more training data 
are  made  available  and  new  model  advancements  are  evaluated  and 
modified. We encourage prospective AI users to carry out similar eval-
uations as performed in this study to gain more relevant information on 
model performance specific to their study systems. However, we antic-
ipate the minimum detection size limits we identified are more gener-
alizable to different study systems provided the model is well trained on 
a particular object class (i.e., under ideal conditions, MegaDetector is 
likely to detect animals when they occupy at least 60px in an image) 
(Fig. 3). Other image characteristics such as complex vegetation, poor 
lighting, low image resolution, and unique camera angles are likely to 
decrease  MegaDetector's  overall  performance  (Beery  et  al.,  2018; 
Greenberg, 2020a).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the researchers used a state-of-the-art computer vision model called MegaDetector, which leverages machine learning to automate data processing tasks like detecting and classifying wildlife in images. While the exact data augmentation techniques used are not mentioned, typical methods include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, and adjusting brightness or contrast. It can be assumed that the researchers may have employed one or more of these techniques during the development and training of their model.