Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

formed a comparative analysis with several models with similar struc-
tures, namely ResNet, ResNeXt, and ResNeSt. Our evaluation of these 
models considered various performance metrics such as accuracy, pre-
cision, recall, specificity, and F1-score. The results show the effective-
ness of our attention module in improving the classification performance 
of medicinal and poisonous plants. According to the data presented in 
Table 3, the integration of both CA and SA modules greatly enhanced the 
the 
model's  ability 
ResNeSt101  + SCAM  model  is  slightly  superior  to  the  ResNeSt50  +
SCAM model with the lowest number of parameters and showed the best 
performance among the other models with accuracy, precision, recall, 
specificity,  and  F1-score  of  99.56%,  99.53%,  99.76%,  99.54%,  and 
99.64%, respectively. Also, the ResNeSt50-SCAM model had a satisfac-
tory performance with an accuracy rate of 99.12%.

In Fig. 8, the performance of the presented models in different epochs 
is  reported.  As  can  be  seen,  the  performance  of  the  proposed  models 
increases with the number of epochs and the number of training data. 
According to Fig. 8a, the SCAM-Herb model based on Tree-CA module 
with 50% of dataset and 100 epochs achieved an accuracy of 96.64%. 
With  90%  of  the  trained  dataset,  this  model  was  able  to  diagnose 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026835R. Azadnia et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 5. Schematic representation of improved split attention used in the proposed CA module: a) Mixed-CA, b) Gated-CA, c) Tree-CA, and d) GAP-CA.

and  the  remaining  20%  was  used  to  test  the  model  and  improve  the 
generalization performance of the models.

Fig. 7. Data splitting in the proposed model.  

different  plants  with  99.78%  accuracy,  demonstrating  the  excellent 
performance of the proposed model in focusing and quickly extracting 
important  features  and  a  high  recognition  rate.  Also,  the  SCAM-Herb 
model based on gated-CA module was able to achieve a high accuracy 
of 99.52% with 90% of training data (Fig. 8b). Moreover, the SCAM- 
herb model based on mixed-CA and GAP-CA modules with 50% of the 
training data achieved accuracies of 94.15% and 93. 23%, respectively, 
which performed relatively poorly compared to the two aforementioned 
models (Fig. 8c and d). However, with increasing the training data, the 
accuracy of the two models increased to 99.38% and 99.43%, respec-
tively. Notably, when more than 80% of the data were used to train the 
models, the accuracy of the models was nearly constant or less variable. 
Therefore, 80% of the total data was sufficient for training the models,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors monitored the performance of their models by evaluating them using various performance metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, specificity, and F1-score. They also tracked the performance of the models over different epochs and varying amounts of training data. This allowed them to observe how the models improved with additional training and larger datasets. Furthermore, they employed a data splitting technique where 50% of the dataset was used for training and the remaining 20% was utilized for testing purposes. This approach helped enhance the generalization performance of the models.