Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

scales associated with data collection (Zizka et al., 2020). Due to these 
disparities,  scholars  recommend  a  thorough  examination  and  refine-
ment  of  these  data  repositories  (Bonnet-Lebrunm  et  al.,  2023).  To 
enhance the quality and reliability of the information, a comprehensive 
series  of  filters  has  been  systematically  applied  to  our  analysis.  To 
minimize errors associated with the public usage of GBIF and OBIS re-
positories,  we  curated  the  dataset  following  Zizka  et  al.  (2020)  and 
filtered the dataset by the columns labeled “scientific name”, “family”, 
“year”, “longitude” and “latitude”. We retained all taxonomic informa-
tion down to the species level and removed records with NA in these 
columns. We also removed all duplicate records with identical latitude

trends, gaps, and opportunities in documenting and monitoring species distributions. 
PLoS Biol. 19, e3001336 https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.3001336. 

Pauly, D., Palomares, M.L., 2005. Fishing down marine food web: it is far more pervasive 

than we thought. Bull. Mar. Sci. 76, 197–212. 

Pebesma, E.J., 2018. Simple features for r: standardized support for spatial vector data. 

R J. 10, 439. https://doi.org/10.32614/RJ-2018-009. 

Pelayo-Villamil, P., Guisande, C., Manjarr´es-Hern´andez, A., Jim´enez, L.F., Granado- 

Lorencio, C., Garca-Rosell´o, E., Gonz´alez-Dacosta, J., Heine, J., Gonz´alez-Vilas, L., 
Lobo, J.M., 2018. Completeness of national freshwater fish species inventories 
around the world. Biodivers. Conserv. 27, 3807–3817. https://doi.org/10.1007/ 
s10531-018-1630-y.

Finally, we also analyzed the potential effect of some attributes on 
the  incidence  of  more  records  in  global  database  repositories.  Specif-
ically, we evaluated three research questions related to how body size, 
habitat depth, and commercial use relate to the representation of marine 
fish occurrences. We ask whether: (i) a better representation in online 
platforms may be due to the oversampling of larger fish, resulting from 
an easier identification; (ii) shallow areas provide easy access to sam-
pling; and (iii) economic and commercial interests have elicited a larger 
representation  of  culturally  relevant  species  in  online  biodiversity 
repositories. 

2. Methods 

2.1. Species data

While  still  short  of  having  a  robust  and  standardized  biodiversity 
infrastructure (Heberling et al., 2021), there is great diversity of online 
repositories with taxonomic information and species occurrences data. 
Among  the most  important databases  hosting marine information are 
FishBase,  a  platform  that  hosts  information  on  the  taxonomy  of  fish, 
their ecology, trophic information, habitat, and history of uses dating 
back to more than 250 years (Froese and Pauly, 2000); and the Global 
Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF), a platform that stores and al-
lows for the free access to species occurrence records from around the 
world.  GBIF  is  currently  one  of  the  repositories  hosting  the  largest 
amount of such data in the world (GBIF: The Global Biodiversity Infor-
mation Facility, 2021; Telenius, 2011); and finally Ocean Biodiversity 
Information System (OBIS), which houses data on the occurrence and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not directly discuss any specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Instead, it focuses on analyzing and filtering datasets from various sources like FishBase, GBIF, and OBIS for marine life studies. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context regarding the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline.