Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We trained IUC-NN on all species with an IUCN RL as-
sessment and available occurrence records. Prior to the
training, we randomly split the data set into a training
set (90% of the entries) and a test set (10%). We used
20% of the training set for validation. Because the size
of the data set was comparatively small, we performed
cross-validation by shifting the validation set 5 times to
quantify the average validation cross-entropy loss and ac-
curacy. We then used the neural network with the lowest
cross-entropy loss across a range of models with differ-
ent numbers of hidden layers and subsets of features to
predict the conservation status of all orchid species at
2 levels: binary (possibly threatened vs. not threatened)
and detailed (CR, EN, VU, NT, and LC). See Supporting
Information for details on the network architecture and
training. We combined the IUC-NN assessments with dis-
tribution data from WCSP to show the number and pro-

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

The best IUC-NN model considered binary threat
levels, used only geographic features, and reached a
test accuracy of 84.3% (88% positive predictive value
and 79% negative predictive value) (Table 1). Adding
other features decreased the validation accuracy, but it
remained within approximately 5% of the best model
(Supporting Information). The best IUC-NN model on
the detailed level included geographic features and the
Human Footprint Index and reached a test accuracy
of 64% (Supporting Information). The accuracy was

We implemented a deep neural network algorithm
(Goodfellow et al. 2016)—IUC-NN—as an R package
(IUCNN, available at https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN)
based on the Python (version 3.7) TensorFlow (https://
www.tensorflow.org) library to predict the conservation
status of unevaluated orchid species. We based the pre-
dictions on 4 groups of features, derivable from digitally
available occurrence records: geographic (mean latitude
and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent
of occurrence [EOO], area of occupancy [AOO], number
of locations [sensu IUCN], and occurrence records); cli-
matic (mean of 19 bioclim variables [Karger et al. 2017]);
biome (presence in 14 biomes [Olson et al. 2001]); and

anthropogenic (mean Human Footprint Index [Wildlife
Conservation Society & International Earth Science In-
formation Network 2005]).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The performance of the deep learning model, IUC-NN, is evaluated using several metrics such as accuracy, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value. For instance, when considering binary threat levels, the best IUC-NN model achieved a test accuracy of 84.3%, along with a positive predictive value of 88% and a negative predictive value of 79%. This indicates that the model has high precision and reliability in its predictions. Furthermore, the authors also mention performing cross-validation by shifting the validation set five times to quantify the average validation cross-entropy loss and accuracy. However, they do not explicitly state whether other evaluation metrics like F1 score, ROC curve, or confusion matrix were employed.