Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Science and SCOPUS), curating specific search terms and synonyms and
used Boolean operators and wildcards (asterisks) to account for word
variants and plural forms. Additional information on search strategy are
provided in the Appendix A along with Table S1 showing all the terms
included in the final search. The literature search was conducted in
January 2023 and considered all studies currently available in the two
databases until 31 December 2022. We did not add any language filters/
restrictions to the search strategy developed so that scientific literature
with an abstract in English but a full text in other languages was
potentially included in the search. Except for conference proceedings,
we did not include grey literature (technical reports, dissertations)
because we wanted to limit our search to the most relevant and
advanced scientific applications on the topic, given the extensive liter-
ature already available.

2.3. Screening process

4.4. The “best” modelling approach

employed in its collection?

iii. What kind of (correlative) modelling approaches have been

applied?

iv. Which environmental variables have been used as candidates in

the models?

v. What temporal and spatial resolution was chosen for the model?
vi. Which validation method was used and which metrics were

vii. What

the main output

for which these models were

selected?
is
implemented?

viii. What are the strengths, weaknesses and opportunities of each

modelling approach?

Based on these research questions, related eligibility criteria were
then developed using the standard approach for research questions
definition (i.e., Population, Intervention, Comparator - PIC framework,
CEE, 2022, Table 1).

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027002E. Pasanisi et al.

Table 1
Eligibility criteria concerning question key elements following the PIC
framework.

Question key elements

Eligibility criteria

Population (P):

● Point location/occurrence data of
Cetacean and/or Sea turtle species

3.6. Model results

The majority of model results consisted of species spatial predictions
(n = 241, 82%), as opposed to species spatial projections (predictions
outside the study area or time used to train the model, n = 35, 12%). In
the remaining cases, no spatial predictions or projections were made,
and modelling was conducted solely for descriptive purposes (n = 35,
12%).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided context, there is no explicit mention of how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized, such as through methods like grid search or random search. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to this query.