Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Many  ecosystems,  particularly  wetlands,  are  significantly  degraded  or  lost  as  a  result  of  climate  change  and 
anthropogenic  activities.  Simultaneously,  developments  in  machine  learning,  particularly  deep  learning 
methods, have greatly improved wetland mapping, which is a critical step in ecosystem monitoring. Yet, present 
deep  and  very deep  models necessitate  a greater  number  of  training data, which  are costly,  logistically  chal-
lenging,  and  time-consuming  to  acquire.  Thus,  we  explore  and  address  the  potential  and  possible  limitations 
caused  by  the  availability  of  limited  ground-truth  data  for  large-scale  wetland  mapping.  To  overcome  this 
persistent  problem  for  remote  sensing  data  classification  using  deep  learning  models,  we  propose  3D  UNet 
Generative Adversarial Network Swin Transformer (3DUNetGSFormer) to adaptively synthesize wetland training

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

3DUNetGSFormer: A deep learning pipeline for complex wetland mapping 
using generative adversarial networks and Swin transformer

dataset to ensure a more precise description of wetlands. The ground-

Fig.  8. Wetland  classification  maps  in  pilot  site  of  a)  Avalon,  Grand  Falls-Windsor,  and  Gros  Morne  National  Park  using  b)  Vision  Transformer  (ViT),  c)  Swin 
Transformer, d) CoAtNet, and e) proposed end-to-end algorithm. 

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019048A. Jamali et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 9. Examples of extracted features of an Urban (road) object utilizing three convolutional layers of the CNN network.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information on where the dataset used for the deep learning pipeline is publicly available. It would be best to contact the authors directly to find out if they can share their dataset or point to its location.

Unhelpful Answer:
I do not know where the dataset used for the deep learning pipeline is publicly available.