Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

View related articles 

View Crossmark data

Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tjit20

JOURNAL OF INFORMATION AND TELECOMMUNICATION
2018, VOL. 2, NO. 4, 492–510
https://doi.org/10.1080/24751839.2018.1501542

Extreme deep learning in biosecurity: the case of machine
hearing for marine species identiﬁcation
Konstantinos Demertzisa, Lazaros S. Iliadisb and Vardis-Dimitris Anezakis

c

aSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus
University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; bSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of
Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; cDepartment of Forestry and
Management of the Environment and Natural Resources, Democritus University of Thrace, Orestiada, Greece

ARTICLE HISTORY
Received 30 November 2017
Accepted 14 July 2018

499

This is a multi-layered neural network model that receives successive OL data streams
and uses the unsupervised GRELMA algorithm as a basic building block in which the
outputs of each level are used as inputs to the next one (Sun, Zhang, Zhang, & Hu, 2017).
An autoencoder is an ANN used for unsupervised learning of eﬃcient coding. The aim
of an autoencoder is to learn a representation (encoding) for a set of data, but with the
output layer having the same number of nodes as the input layer, and with the
purpose of reconstructing its own inputs (instead of predicting target value Y given
inputs X). The algorithm is described below (Sun et al., 2017):

Algorithm 1. GRELMA Algorithm for Clustering (Sun et al., 2017)

i=1 the number of hidden neurons nh, the penalty coeﬃcient κ and λ

KEYWORDS
Biosecurity; invasive species;
machine hearing;
geolocation-based services;
extreme learning machines;
big data

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide specific information about the methods utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that Extreme Learning Machines (ELMs) are an important approach for handling and analyzing big data, including geolocation-based services. This suggests that the authors may have collected raw data using location-based sensors or other sources such as satellite imagery or remote sensing data. Additionally, the paper discusses the use of unsupervised learning algorithms like GRELMA for clustering, indicating that the authors likely had access to large amounts of unlabeled data. Without more specific details from the article, it is difficult to definitively state what methods were used for collecting raw data.