Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

formance which is likely to continue to improve as more training data 
are  made  available  and  new  model  advancements  are  evaluated  and 
modified. We encourage prospective AI users to carry out similar eval-
uations as performed in this study to gain more relevant information on 
model performance specific to their study systems. However, we antic-
ipate the minimum detection size limits we identified are more gener-
alizable to different study systems provided the model is well trained on 
a particular object class (i.e., under ideal conditions, MegaDetector is 
likely to detect animals when they occupy at least 60px in an image) 
(Fig. 3). Other image characteristics such as complex vegetation, poor 
lighting, low image resolution, and unique camera angles are likely to 
decrease  MegaDetector's  overall  performance  (Beery  et  al.,  2018; 
Greenberg, 2020a).

Network (Faster R-CNN) which first seeks to identify all regions in an 
image  that  contain  an  object  and  then  examines  attributes  of  those 
specific regions to assign objects to a particular class (Ren et al., 2015). 
In other words, the model first searches the image to determine areas 
that  contain  an  object  not  part  of  the  background  scene  and  draws 
bounding boxes around those objects. Then, each object is reviewed and 
assigned  an  object  classification  and  confidence  value  indicating  the 
model's confidence in the selected object class. MegaDetector has been 
trained  using  hundreds  of  thousands  of  images  labeled  by  manual 
human review from a wide variety of ecosystems and classifies objects as 
either an animal (any non-human animal), human (any person), or truck 
(any vehicle) (Beery et al., 2019; Microsoft and for Earth., 2020). This 
two-step  process  of  Faster  R-CNNs  leads  to  slower  processing  speeds

images  that  need  to  be  reviewed  and  analyzed  (Norouzzadeh  et  al., 
2018; Swanson et al., 2015). These data processing tasks often represent 
a significant bottleneck in the research process from the collection of 
images  to  having  useful  information  to  answer  research  questions.  In 
response  to this challenge, many have  turned  to the field  of artificial 
intelligence (AI) to build computer vision models that leverage machine 
learning to help automate these data processing tasks (Christin et al., 
2019; Miao et al., 2019; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; S. Schneider et al., 
2018; Tabak et al., 2019; Thomson et al., 2018; Tuia et al., 2022; V´elez 
et  al.,  2022).  With  rapid  adoption  and  advancement  of  automated 
methods,  the  time-consuming  burden  of  manually  reviewing  and  la-
beling images has been significantly reduced, ultimately reducing the 
lag between data collection and application and alleviating some of the

As  the  capacity  to  collect  and  store  large  amounts  of  data  expands,  identifying  and  evaluating  strategies  to 
efficiently convert raw data into meaningful information is increasingly necessary. Across disciplines, this data 
processing task has become a significant challenge, delaying progress and actionable insights. In ecology, the 
growing use of camera traps (i.e., remotely triggered cameras) to collect information on wildlife has led to an 
enormous volume of raw data (i.e., images) in need of review and annotation. To expedite camera trap image 
processing,  many  have  turned  to  the  field  of  artificial  intelligence  (AI)  and  use  machine  learning  models  to 
automate tasks such as detecting and classifying wildlife in images. To contribute understanding of the utility of 
AI tools for processing wildlife camera trap images, we evaluated the performance of a state-of-the-art computer

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit details about the preprocessing steps involved before training a deep learning model like MegaDetector. However, it can be inferred that the dataset used for training consists of various images collected from diverse ecosystems. Preprocessing steps typically involve preparing the input data so that it can be effectively processed by the model. Common preprocessing techniques include normalization, scaling, cleaning, augmentation, and labeling. Normalization scales pixel values to a common range, usually between 0 and 1, while scaling resizes images to fit the required dimensions. Cleaning involves removing irrelevant or redundant data, and augmentation generates additional training samples through transformations like rotation, flipping, or cropping. Labeling entails associating each image with its corresponding ground truth class, which in this case would be 'animal', 'human', or 'truck'. Although the exact preprocessing steps applied to train MegaDetector are not mentioned, it is reasonable to assume that standard practices were followed based on the high accuracy reported in the evaluation.