Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

respectively.  N  represented  the  number  of  images  in  the  test  set  or 
validation set. 

2.2.6. Model training and hyper-parameters 

We  trained  models  on  the  training  sets  and  tracked  the  model 
training process on the validation set. The training process was stopped 
when  the  loss  value  of  the  model  on  the  validation  set  no  longer 
decreased. We then tested the model performance on the test set. Our 
computing platform was a Dell PowerEdge C4130 rack server with two 
Tesla  K80  GPUs  and  256  GB  of  memory.  For  the  deep  learning  envi-
ronment,  we  utilized  the  PyTorch  1.7.1  platform.  We  employed  the 
Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) optimizer with a momentum value of 
μ  = 0.9 to train the model. Other hyper-parameter settings for model 
training were shown in Table S.4 of the Supporting Information. 

3. Results 

3.1. Experiment results of transfer strategy optimization

When it comes to selecting update layers, we recommend selectively 
updating the last few layers of the DCNN model to enhance its perfor-
mance in empty image recognition. This approach can lead to a signif-
icant  improvement  in  the  model’s  performance,  as  opposed  to  solely 
updating  the  fully  connected  layer.  Specifically,  when  using  a  model 
from  the  ResNext  or  ResNet  family  pre-trained  on  ImageNet  as  the 
source model, we recommend using TLS_4 as the transfer strategy. In 
contexts where pronounced discrepancies exist between the target and 
source  domain  datasets,  it  could  prove  advantageous  to  augment  the 
number of convolutional layers subject to update. For example, in the 
case  of  ResNext  series  models,  using  TLS_3  can  further  enhance  the 
performance of the transfer model.

2.2.3. Data splitting 

Based on the conceptual model mentioned above, we split the data to 
construct  the  source  and  target  domain  datasets  to  carry  out  transfer 
learning experiments.  For the  ImageNet  dataset, we directly  used the 
pre-trained model on ImageNet-1 k as the source model, so there was no 
need to split the dataset. Both the SS and the LSM dataset are camera 
trap  image  datasets.  Each  time  the  camera  is  triggered,  it  captures 
multiple images in succession, called a capture event. A capture event 
frequently  comprises  three  images.  Notably,  images  within  the  same 
event are significantly similar to each other. Splitting the images in an 
event into training and test sets may lead to poor generalization of the 
DCNN  model. To  prevent  this, we kept  the integrity  of events  during 
data splitting, putting all images of an event into the same dataset.

Regarding source model construction, we suggest that practitioners 
with abundant computational resources should build the source model 
with a larger number of readily available labeled samples. Doing so can 
contribute  to  improved  transfer  learning  performance.  However,  for 
those  with  limited  computational  resources,  it  may  be  necessary  to 
compromise between sample size and computational resources based on 
the potential threshold effect. 

CRediT authorship contribution statement

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability of the deep learning pipeline's data repository is not explicitly stated in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide specific details about where the data repository is located, such as whether it is available on platforms like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. It would be best to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors for accurate information.