Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

is training and storing models using an interface provided by the site and 
its computational resources.

derived.  

2.  STARdbi_train 

Input: 
The output directory of STARdbi_split_images, as described above, 
Output: 
A classification model (ResNet152, He et al. (2015)) in the form of a 

binary pickle file.  

3.  STARdbi_inference 

Input:  

I.  A directory with unannotated single-insect image files, with the 
same  naming  convention  as  described  in  the  output  of 
STARdbi_split_images. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025214T. Keasar et al.

lapping bounding boxes are merged, to form the final prediction. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web 
version of this article.)

4.  A modular classification scheme. A taxonomic classification system 
requires  training data  that includes  at  least  hundreds  of  manually 
labeled individuals per class. Thus, a general purpose, yet high res-
olution, system for taxonomic classification is probably not feasible. 
Instead we envision a (gradually growing) set of custom-made AI- 
based classification models. Labeling of individual insects by experts 
is  already  implemented  in  STARdbi,  but  the  other  aspects  of  this 
vision - training, storage, retrieval and application of classification 
models  -  are  not  yet  operational.  We  are  already  creating  task- 
specific  classifiers  on  users’  requests.  The  performance  of  such  a 
classifier is presented in the Results section as case study 1.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information about the specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training. However, it can be inferred from the description of the STARdbi\_inference process that some form of postprocessing might occur during the inference stage. This could include generating predictions for each input image and merging overlapping bounding boxes to form the final prediction. Additionally, since the authors mention evaluating the performance of their custom-made AI-based classification models, it can be assumed that they calculate metrics and possibly generate confusion matrices to assess the accuracy of these models. But without more detailed information, it cannot be confirmed what exact postprocessing steps are taken after the model training.