Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

This  tightly  coupled  relationship  between  CO2  emission  and  GDP 
motivated us to predict the GDP of a nation using its carbon emission. 
However,  the  available  dataset  of  some  countries  is  not  sufficient 
enough to train a machine learning (ML) model. To overcome this lim-
itation,  this  paper  proposes  a  novel  transfer  learning  methodology. 
Transfer  learning  (TL),  a  machine  learning  (ML)  technique,  utilizes 
previously learned information to resolve new tasks, more specifically, 
related tasks. In conventional ML techniques, every new task is learned 
from the scratch (Che et al., 2021), and the training and test data are 
drawn from the same distribution. However, if the data distribution is 
changed between the training and test data, the performance and reli-
ability  of  the  predicted  output  may  degrade  significantly  (Lu  et  al., 
2019). This may also lead to high computational costs and inappropriate

then combined with common latent feature space to generate one latent 
feature space layer. Moreover, to learn the corresponding distributions 
on different layers, multiple layers are generated which learns with their 
pluralism,  simultaneously.  Salaken  et  al.,  (2019)  employed  deep 
learning in which  a small sample of target domain is  used as seed to 
transform  source  domain  dataset.  Sousa  et  al.,  (2020)  proposed  a 
transfer  learning  approach  with  data  augmentation  techniques  for 
wildfire detection to overcome data limitations.

First, target data labels are predicted by a regression model, which is 
trained  using  only  the  source  domain  data.  This  regression  model  is 
entirely unaware of the target domain’s data distribution; hence, it is 
termed the target unaware regression (TUR) model. Secondly (under the 
IFTL), both the source and the target data are intuitionistically fuzzified 
using the IFSs. Then, K-nearest neighbors are chosen using a modified 
Hausdorff  distance  function.  Finally,  these  K-nearest  neighbors  are 
optimally  utilized  to  refine  the  labels  predicted  by  TUR  for  effective 
learning during TL. Following subsections present detailed explanations 
of  the  components  of  Algorithm  1  (Fig.  2)  in  a  step-by-step  manner. 
Then, we have also discussed the special case of FTL and the computa-
tional complexity of IFTL in the following sub-sections. 

Fig. 1. Structure of a typical IFIS (Songwei et al., 2012).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any specific details about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. It discusses the concept of Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL) and how it can be applied to predict a country's GDP based on its carbon emissions. However, there is no mention of any links to repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF where the data or code for this pipeline might be stored.