Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Finally, even if uncertainty can be quantified in all stages of analysis, 
which  we  attempted  to  do  (see  Appendix  B),  a  method  needs  to  be 
developed to incorporate all these sources of uncertainty into the final 
result (Comber et al., 2012). In the end, it was only possible to quali-
tatively  connect  our  results  back  to  ground  truthing  data.  This  was 
enough for our purposes but future work may be able to improve on the 
accuracy of the analysis as well as the propagation of uncertainty. 

Fig. 6. Much slower recovery from mining between A) 1944 and B) 2020. See 
supplementary materials for a time-lapse video of images over time. 

4.2. Potential improvements for mixed-methods analytical historical 
ecology 

changes in ecosystem response to different management actions, land 
use  patterns,  and  disturbances  such  as  fires,  floods  and  droughts  has 
helped to support ecocultural restoration goals.

2.1.2. Study site selection for land use and land cover mapping

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the optimization of hyperparameters of any specific model. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on this context.