Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Figure 2. The ﬂowchart that includes three main steps for identiﬁcation of tree species based on the
deep learning approaches.

identity and projection shortcuts) have been introduced for residual learning. Recently, these networks have been introduced into the field of remote sensing. Our tree species classification strategy takes advantage of recent CNNs for patch-wise classification. We formulated the tree species classification as a supervised image classification problem to identify 18 tree species (17 dominant trees species and a class of “Others”). For this purpose, we adopted AlexNet, VGG16, and ResNet50 implemented in Caffe for individual tree Forests 2019, 10, 1047

14 of 16

that is, the tree species training sample and its quality. As long as the tree sample can be measured well
in ﬁeld work, deep learning networks will work well. Further, it is beneﬁcial to collect tree samples
with the aid of crowd sourcing. In terms of the sampled area in species diversity, our method is also
applicable for other scales (50 × 50 m, 90 × 90 m, etc.), depending on the quadrat size in the ﬁeld work
or the requirements of species diversity estimation.

6. Conclusions

The results of this study indicate the potential of deep learning methods for applications in
tree species diversity mapping with high-resolution RGB images and LiDAR data. Our proposed
= 0.7202;
three-step workﬂow achieved accuracies of R2
=
R2
= 0.3053. The method design as well as the deep learning technology also allow the
0.5875, RMSEPielou
processing of large datasets and have the potential for transfer to other forest regions due to on-the-ﬂy
data acquisition and the processing capability.

Forests 2019, 10, 1047

10 of 16

As VGG16 performed the best among the three deep learning algorithms, we employed the
VGG16 network at 140,000 iterations as the classiﬁcation model for tree species prediction accordingly.
All the clipped image patches of the individual trees in the three parts were fed into the trained
VGG16 network at 140,000 iterations for classiﬁcation, the results were obtained, and the tree species
distribution across the three parts is shown in Table 3. This is in line with reality: Area A has a large
proportion of banyan and silk ﬂoss trees, Area B has a large amount of Ceiba speciose, and Area C has
a large amount of longan. Overall, the proportion of all kinds of tree species in Areas A and B is
relatively balanced, while there is an obvious dominant tree species in Area C.

Table 3. Proportion of diﬀerent tree species in each area according to the classiﬁcation results of VGG16.

Tree Species

Area A

Area B

Area C

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used for tree species identification. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.