Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10260210A.S. Cardoso et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

workflow adopted, addressing any biases or ethical concerns associated 
with  deep  learning  applications  and  the  use  of  personal  data.  The 
collaborative  nature  of  our  approach,  where  the  public  contributes 
through citizen-science and social media platforms, can foster a sense of 
shared responsibility, which usually increases the trust in these methods 
(Liberatore et al., 2018). 

CRediT authorship contribution statement

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026029Faster R-CNN ResNet101 iNaturalistFaster R-CNN ResNet101 MS COCOFaster R-CNN ResNet50 iNaturalistFaster R-CNN ResNet50 MS COCOFaster R-CNN Inception-v2 MS COCOAverage inference time per image (ms)3951063668958mAP@0.50IOU76.8579.2374.9380.8081.71Total loss2.241.142.241.201.08A.S. Cardoso et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

with other plant species. Moreover, there are no other plant species in 
Portugal (our study area) with the same features as C. selloana. Both of 
these particularities may be the source of the high results observed in 
this study. 

4.4. Monitoring the invasive alien Cortaderia selloana from online digital 
images

4.5. Opportunities and limitations for monitoring invasive alien plants 

Even though our study is only exploratory, several issues need to be 
emphasised  for  the  general  detection,  mapping,  and  monitoring  of 
invasive alien plants. The process of acquiring data from citizen science 
or social media platforms can be quite easy, either through an API, or 
other  scrapping  methods,  enabling  the  relatively  fast  and  automated 
collection of big digital data. Yet, not all social media and citizen science 
platforms allow data scrapping, according to the terms and conditions of 
use of each platform. Likewise, the use of deep learning can automate 
the process of detecting invasive alien plants from big digital images, 
making  the  monitoring  of  invasive  alien  species  more  time-,  and 
perhaps,  cost-effective  when  looking  into  large  geographic  areas  and 
time  periods,  compared  to  other  conventional  methods  (e.g.,  field

Deep learning has advanced the content analysis of digital data, unlocking opportunities for detecting, mapping, 
and monitoring invasive species. Here, we tested the ability of open source classification and object detection 
models (i.e., convolutional neural networks: CNNs) to identify and map the invasive plant Cortaderia selloana 
(pampas grass) in mainland Portugal. CNNs were trained over citizen science images and then applied to social 
media content (from Flickr, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook), allowing to classify or detect the species in over 
77% of situations. Images where the species was identified were mapped, using their georeferenced coordinates 
and  time  stamp,  showing  previously  unreported  occurrences  of  C.  selloana,  and  a  tendency  for  the  species 
expansion from 2019 to 2021. Our study shows great potential from deep learning, citizen science and social

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used by A.S. Cardoso et al. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the available context.