Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Model Training
Deep learning models
iteratively: generating
learn data
predictions of the training set samples, evaluating them by

3https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/tree/v4.0
4https://cocodataset.org/#home

the loss function, and modifying their parameters according
to the loss function’s gradient. Thus,
the loss declines in
each training round (aka epoch), and the model’s annotation
accuracy increases (Figure 2 and Supplementary Figure 1).
As the number of parameters of a typical deep learning
model
is large, overﬁtting is a major concern. A common
(partial) remedy is the use of validation data, which are set-
aside while training, yet their annotations by the models are
the training
monitored. The validation data help to limit
duration, thereby reducing the risk of overﬁtting. In this study
we used 30 epochs per training task, based on our validation
runs (Figure 2).
The data of

Deep Learning for Insect Ecoinformatics

data points describe the performance attained by a model that
accepts all identiﬁcations, as its Tcs is minimal (0). Such a plot
can guide users in adjusting model parameters to their needs. If
fewer detections are accepted (low recall), precision increases.

Tables 3, 4 illustrate the types of recall (Table 3) and precision
(Table 4) errors made by the model when the conﬁdence
threshold was set to 0.7. The model rarely confused between our
three focal species (gray areas in Tables 3, 4). It made some false
positive predictions, particularly for the class “Psyllaephagus”
(bold text in Table 4, not tagged by the expert but predicted
by the model). Most of the missed predictions, however, were
false negatives (bold text in Table 3, tagged by the expert but not
identiﬁed by the model).

Machine learning methods are increasingly applied to
biological problems that involve classiﬁcation of images and
extracting information from them. The current leading approach
to such tasks is supervised learning using deep neural networks

1https://www.gbif.org

(DNNs), and particularly convolutional neural networks (CNNs),
which are able to extract abstract high level features from images.
Identifying objects within the image and classifying them may
be treated as separate tasks. Yet, more recent methods, such as
“Faster R-CNN” (Ren et al., 2015), and YOLO (Redmon et al.,
2016) consider both problems at the same time.

Miao, Z., Gaynor, K. M., Wang, J., Liu, Z., Muellerklein, O., Norouzzadeh, M. S.,
et al. (2019). Insights and approaches using deep learning to classify wildlife.
Sci. Rep. 9:8137.

Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution | www.frontiersin.org

10

May 2021 | Volume 9 | Article 600931

fevo-09-600931

May 17, 2021

Time: 21:42

# 11

Gerovichev et al.

Deep Learning for Insect Ecoinformatics

Nieuwenhuizen, A. T., Hemming, J., and Suh, H. K. (2018). Detection and
Classiﬁcation of Insects on Stick-Traps in a Tomato Crop Using Faster R-CNN.
Berlin: Researchgate.

Short, A. E. Z., Dikow, T., and Moreau, C. S. (2018). Entomological collections in
the age of big data. Ann. Rev. Entomol. 63, 513–530. doi: 10.1146/annurev-
ento-031616-035536

Novoselsky, T., and Freidberg, A. (2016). First record of Thaumastocoris
in the Middle East, with
peregrinus
biological notes on its relations with eucalyptus trees. Isr. J. Entomol. 46,
43–55.

(Hemiptera: Thaumastocoridae)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is object detection and classification. This can be inferred from several references to the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and specific object detection algorithms like "Faster R-CNN" and YOLO. These techniques are commonly employed for detecting and identifying multiple objects within an image simultaneously. Furthermore, the mention of tables describing recall and precision errors suggests that the model is being evaluated for its ability to accurately identify and categorize different insect species.