Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On the official YouTube platform, we entered the keyword in Japa-
nese  “Yacho”  (wild  birds)  on  15  June  2022  and  sorted  the  videos 
uploaded from the start of the YouTube service to the present day (at the 
time) in the order of the number of views. We attempted to set other 
keywords, including “Tori” (birds) and “bird watching” (this word was 
entered in Japanese Katakana script), but we could not efficiently search 
the videos displaying birds from these keywords (Table S1). The videos 
returned from those keywords did not display wild birds but rather pet 
birds, such as parakeets, those displayed in music videos, and those that 
focused on bird-watching equipment, such as cameras and binoculars. 
Therefore,  we  decided  to  use  the  keyword  “Yacho”  and  extracted  the 
videos that had been viewed >100 times as of 15 June 2022 (n = 449). 
There were too many videos that had been viewed <100 times to extract

upload, thumbnail information in each video, the number of subscribers 
and number of uploaded videos on each channel, as well as the number 
and  presence/absence  of  wild  bird  species  in  each  video.  By  viewing 
videos that recorded wild birds’  singing, we accurately quantified the 
effects of the presence of specific species as well as species richness on 
the number of views. We then examined the relationship between the 
number of views in each video and important video factors selected by 
the machine learning algorithm.

from online shared videos that contain a wide range of species richness 
(from 1 to 106 wild bird species in the videos used in this study).

number  of  subscribers  in  the  channel,  thumbnail  information,  bird 
species  that  appeared,  and  name(s)  of  target  place(s).  Because  the 
number of views increases with time, we recorded the number of views 
for the videos as of 16 July 2022.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any explicit information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model. It only mentions that a machine learning algorithm was employed to select important video factors related to the number of views for each video. However, it does not specify which type of machine learning or deep learning algorithm was utilized, nor does it mention any details regarding its configuration or hyperparameters. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, I cannot determine what hyperparameters were used in the deep learning model.