Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5. Conclusion 

In this study, we proposed a dataset comprising 9717 images of 15 
wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China’s Northeast Tiger 
and Leopard National Park. Based on this dataset, we employed 8 deep 
learning algorithms for bird object detection and evaluated their per-
formance.  Our  results  indicate  that  deep  learning-based  approaches 
have the potential to detect wild birds in camera traps efficiently. By 
applying  these  approaches,  manual  processing  costs  can  be  reduced, 
enabling  more  efficient  monitoring  of  wildlife  populations  over  wide 
areas and over time. Our findings can help conservation practitioners 
choose  appropriate  models  for  their  detection  tasks,  as  well  as  offer 
insight  on  the  use  of  deep  learning-based  technologies  to  improve 
wildlife monitoring and environmental protection.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Object detection 
Bird detection 
Deep learning 
Camera trap

The data was represented by video clips of 
infrared cameras in the Northeast Tiger and 
Leopard National Park from 2014 to 2020. 
The image dataset contains images of 10 
distinct bird species found in Europe. 
A semi-automatic workflow to process small 
mammal images captured by camera trapping 
in Norway  

sizes  and  possess  camouflage  adaptations  to  blend  with  their  sur-
roundings. Thus,  deep  learning  identification of  wild  birds has  yet to 
reach  a  satisfactory  level,  and  such  imprecision  can  cause  a  waste  of 
labor when studying bird populations dynamic.

# Instances 

190 
146 
2885 
1427 
300 
1953 
1447 
527 
262 
127 
230 
478 
1632 
440 
568 
12,612  

Table 3 
The  number  of  images  for  training  and 
validation.  

Category 

Training 
Validation 
Total 

Number 

7773 
1943 
9717  

their performance in complex, real-world ecological settings. In recent 
years, deep learning-based approaches, such as YOLO (Redmon et al., 
2016) (one-stage) and Faster RCNN (two-stage) (Ren et al., 2015), have 
been shown to achieve state-of-the-art performance in object detection 
tasks.  Two-stage  and  one-stage  object  detection  are  two  popular  ap-
proaches for detecting objects in images (Fig. 2).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that the dataset comprises 9717 images of 15 wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China’s Northeast Tiger and Leopard National Park. However, it does not specify where this dataset is stored or made publicly accessible. Therefore, based on the given context, it is not possible to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.