Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We further improved Waveman by modifying BatNet and opti-
mizing parameter setting of batch size. We add new kind of BNorm
layers behind the 22 convolutional layers to prevent overfitting when
we trained models using BatNet (Fig. 2C). Therefore the model
“learned” to generalize from a trend in both “known” and “unknown”
datasets rather than to maximize the performance on the “known”
datasets (usually called training datasets, Ioffe and Szegedy, 2015).
Computers can only train with small volumes of images at once as they
have too little Random Access Memory or Graphic memory. Batch size
was set to limit the image number. In this study, we set a large batch
size equal to 128, which means training with 128 images for each
iteration.

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Biological Conservation

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/biocon

Automatic standardized processing and identification of tropical bat calls
using deep learning approaches

T

Xing Chena,1, Jun Zhaob,1, Yan-hua Chena, Wei Zhoub,*, Alice C. Hughesa,*
a Center for Integrative Conservation, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Menglun 666303, China
b Software School, Yunnan University, Kunming 650500, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Bats
Bioacoustics
Automated monitoring
Algorithms
Deep learning
Neural network
Automatic processing
Biodiversity metrics
Machine learning
Calls
Echolocation
Monitoring protocol

2.1.4. Training models with the reference library

The network is key to optimizing the parameters in the model using
the reference dataset. The higher the efficiency of extracting acoustic
feature from spectrum images, the higher the accuracy. We built a new
network specifically for the tropical bats (termed BatNet), which was
incorporated into our software Waveman. The BatNet has 22 convolu-
tional layers for extracting useful acoustic features (Simonyan and
Zisserman, 2014) and eight shortcut connections between layers to
avoid the problem of information loss as layer number increases. There
are two key parameter settings of batch size equal to 64, and learning

3

X. Chen, et al.

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

including frequency of maximum energy,

Artificial intelligence algorithms such as deep learning, enables
ecologists and evolutionary biologists to look at bio-sonar at hitherto
impossible resolutions. Such a tool can be applied to identify various
species based on their calls including bats (Mac Aodha et al., 2018),
birds (Stowell et al., 2019), frogs (Hill et al., 2018), and mosquitos
(Kiskin et al., 2018). A relatively simple network (CNNFULL) has been
successfully applied to localise European bats based on the presence of
their calls in a large volume of data (Mac Aodha et al., 2018), sig-
nificantly outperforming Random Forest algorithms. However, species
identification using the network CNNFULL has not previously been
tested.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model, referred to as BatNet, is to classify and identify different species of tropical bats based on their echolocation calls. This model is incorporated into the software Waveman and utilizes 22 convolutional layers to extract useful acoustic features from spectrogram images of bat calls. Additionally, it employs eight shortcut connections between layers to avoid the issue of information loss as the layer number increases. The goal of this model is to improve the accuracy of identifying and classifying different bat species based on their unique vocalizations.