Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Local low quality (LL) dataset

of 0.6. The neural network was trained with the stochastic gradient

descent algorithm with the softmax cross-entropy loss for 300 epochs.

We used a batch size of 10 and a fixed learning rate of 0.01, and the

convergence of loss was visually assessed. The numbers of units in the

A subset of single specimens (taken from the bulk samples) were indi-

two FC layers (512 and 256 for the first and second FC layers, respec-

vidually photographed using a conventional stereoscope NIKON

tively) and the dropout rate were determined by five-fold cross-

SMZ1270i equipped with a NIKON DS-Fi3 Microscope Camera (5.9

megapixels) controlled by the NIKON DS-L4 v.1.5.0.3 control unit.

These images were denoted Local Low Quality (LL) dataset. These pho-
tographs were intended to represent a more realistic scenario of local

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y. & Hinton, G. (2015) Deep learning. Nature, 521(7553),
436–444. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1038/nature14539
Mukhoti, J., Kulharia, V., Sanyal, A., Golodetz, S., Torr, P.H.S. & Dokania, P.
K. (2020) Calibrating deep neural networks using focal loss. Advances
in Neural Information Processing Systems, 33, 15288–15299. Available
from:
https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/hash/aeb7b30ef
1d024a76f21a1d40e30c302-Abstract.html

Noguerales, V., Meramveliotakis, E., Castro-Insua, A., Andújar, C.,
Arribas, P., Creedy, T.J. et al.
(2021) Community metabarcoding
reveals the relative role of environmental filtering and spatial pro-
cesses in metacommunity dynamics of soil microarthropods across a
mosaic of montane forests. Molecular Ecology in press. Available
from: https://doi.org/10.1111/mec.16275

based classification in biodiversity studies. As part of this effort, image

vation programme under grant agreement No. 810729. We are grate-

segmentation should be improved and automated (Schneider

ful

to Richard Turney and Thomas J. Creedy (Natural History

et al., 2022; Schwartz & Alfaro, 2021), to increase our capability for rap-
idly generating ‘clean’ and individual-based image databases extracted

Museum, London) for advice and support during bulk-sample imaging,

and Takashi Imai (Shiga University) for helpful advice on deep learning

from bulk samples. A potential bottleneck is the need to expand the

methods. We also thank three anonymous referees for their construc-

training set gradually, which generally requires recomputation of the

tive and valuable comments on an earlier version of the manuscript.

model when new classes are added, although recent updated methods

We would like to extend our gratitude to Andreas Dimitriou for help

Here, we use deep learning approaches for classification of

cessing and imaging, the most common families/subfamilies, with 5 or

insects based on bulk-sample images from high-throughput biodiver-

more photographs per taxonomic rank and dataset, were identified and

sity surveys, testing the possibility of domain transfer between unre-

used for downstream analysis. The chosen families were: Brentidae,

lated image sets. We characterize bulk samples of poorly known

Carabidae, Chrysomelidae, Cryptophagidae, Curculionidae, Latridiidae,

communities of Coleoptera (beetles) collected in different sites around

Leiodidae, Melyridae, Ptiliidae, Staphylinidae:Scaphidiinae, Staphylini-

the world, whose high species diversity and complex morphological

dae (excluding Scaphidiinae) and Tenebrionidae (Table S2).

variation provide a challenging, but realistic situation for machine-

based classification. The aim was a classification at the taxonomic

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes deep learning approaches for classifying insects, specifically Coleoptera (beetles), based on bulk-sample images obtained from high-throughput biodiversity surveys. The raw data collection involves gathering bulk samples of poorly known communities of Coleoptera from various locations worldwide. These samples are then subjected to high-throughput processing and imaging techniques.

For instance, a subset of single specimens taken from these bulk samples is individually photographed using a conventional stereoscope, namely the NIKON SMZ1270i, equipped with a NIKON DS-Fi3 Microscope Camera (5.9 megapixels) controlled by the NIKON DS-L4 v.1.5.0.3 control unit. This process results in the creation of the Local Low Quality (LL) dataset, representing a more realistic scenario of local-based classification in biodiversity studies.

Therefore, the primary method employed for collecting raw data in this deep learning pipeline is through conducting high-throughput biodiversity surveys and utilizing specialized equipment such as stereoscopes and microscopes to capture detailed images of individual specimens within the gathered bulk samples.