Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

match environmental information with ground observations (e.g. wild-
life  movements),  other  ecological  processes  may  require  coarser  tem-
poral scales, hence more diluted temporal aggregation (e.g. ecosystem 
resilience). As for spatial scaling, a formula defines how data is tempo-
rally aggregated, namely by a mean, median, or standard deviation.

The temporal scale indicates the study period, where the sub-units 
(sensu Fritsch et al., 2020) constitute the observation times of the mul-
tispectral imageries. The temporal scaling here relies on the characteri-
sation of a “temporal moving window” that aggregates information per- 
pixel coincident with ground observations, from a composite of different 
imageries (Fig. 1). Here, the number of imageries is determined by a time 
period (e.g. number of days, months, etc.) set by the user, which reflects 
the  “size”  of  the  temporal  moving  window  around  observations.  In 
detail, the temporal references of logging events (timestamps; e.g. year/ 
month/day)  associated  with  ground  observations  are  independently 
used to aggregate environmental information forward and backward in 
time, depending on the size of the temporal moving window (Fig. 1). For 
instance,  while  a  fine  temporal  scaling  may  be  selected  to  perfectly

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no mention of any specific hyperparameters used in a deep learning model such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate response to this query based solely on the provided text.

Answer:::

I apologize, but I cannot find any information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model in the provided context.