Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Education, 2015.

[37] M. Grinberg, Flask Web Development: Developing Web

Applications with Python, O’Reilly Media, 2018.

[38] V. Siahaan, R.H. Sianipar, A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO Data-
base Programming with PHP/MySQL, Independ. Publ. (2019).

[39] A.F. Villa´ n, Mastering OpenCV 4 with Python: A practical
guide covering topics from image processing, augmented reality
to deep learning with OpenCV 4 and Python 3.7, Packt Publ.
(2019).

[40] C. Szegedy, V. Vanhoucke, S. Ioffe, J. Shlens, Z. Wojna,
Rethinking the Inception Architecture for Computer Vision, in:
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition
(CVPR), 2016, 2016, pp. 2818–2826.

(TP)
negatives False Positive
(FP)

False Negative
(FN)
True Negative
(TN)

All experiments of our developed mobile-based crop pest
recognition system were done using the Tensorﬂow object
detection API framework [36] on a GPU of NVIDIA
GAMINGX GTX 1080 8 GB and DDR4-16 GB memory.
Before starting the training-step of the deep learning module,
the NVIDIA CUDA Deep Neural Network library (cuDNN)
was installed to accelerate the GPU computations for deep

4428

M.E. Karar et al.

Fig. 4 A sample of classiﬁcation results and accuracy of the developed mobile application for all tested crop pests.

neural networks. A smartphone with iOS V13.5 was used to
test the detection and classiﬁcation of crop pest images in
the cloud.

In this study, total number of images for ﬁve classes of
insect pests (see Fig. 1) are 500 collected from the public
IP102 dataset [17]. These images are split into 80–20% for

(cid:1) Flask web [37] is applied for handling the HTTP POST
requests sent by the developed mobile-based user interface.
Then, the recognition result of crop pests is retrieved and
displayed.

(cid:1) MySQL database management system [38] has been used to
save all information and ground-truth images of the insect
pests, e.g. the pest name and the appropriate use of pesti-
cides for crop protection.

(cid:1) PythonAnywhere [39] is a platform solution consisting of a
Python online integrated development environment (IDE)
and web hosting environment to create and run Python
code in the cloud.

4.3. Developed pest recognition system

A new mobile-based application has been developed for iden-
tifying the crop insects in the cloud, as depicted in Fig. 3. The
framework of our developed deep learning-based cloud com-
puting system is composed of three main modules to accom-
plish automatic detection and classiﬁcation of insect pests as
follows.

4.3.1. User interface module

IoU ¼

A \ B
A [ B

ð2Þ

Next, the Region of Interest (RoI) pooling layer takes the
region corresponding to a proposal from the backbone feature
map and dividing it into sub-windows. The maximum pooling
is performed over these sub-windows to give the output of RoI
pooling layer, which has a size of (N, 7, 7, 512), and N is the
number of generated region proposals by the RPN mechanism,
as shown in Fig. 2. After passing through two fully connected
layers (FCs), the features are fed into the classiﬁer and regres-
sor branches as follow. The classiﬁcation layer calculates the
probability of the region proposal contains an object such that
the probability Pi of each element in the feature map i contains
the target object using softmax function. The regions with the
top score of 300 Pi in the total rankings present the detected
target object. In addition, the regressor provides the IoU index

A new mobile application of agricultural pests recognition

4427

Fig. 3

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model in this study uses the TensorFlow Object Detection API framework. This framework is built on top of TensorFlow, an open-source software library for machine intelligence. It allows developers to build and train their own custom object detection models. The TensorFlow Object Detection API supports a variety of different models, including popular ones like Faster R-CNN, Single Shot Multibox Detector (SSD), and RetinaNet. In this case, the authors have chosen to use the TensorFlow Object Detection API to develop their mobile-based crop pest recognition system.