Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

distance  bin  classes:  0–30,  >30–80,  >80–140,  >140–230,  and  >

2.2. Empirical data 

2.2.1. Study area

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bias 
Density 
Di-Lane 
Distance sampling 
Northern bobwhite 
Precision 
Spatial capture-recapture 
Telemetry

Ni ∼ Binomial(1 (cid:0)

fp, NFPi)

(15) 

Our final component of this model is a cue rate sub-model, where we 
assume  again  a  weakly  informative  prior  on  call  rate  based  on  mean 
estimates of covey calling rates from Wellendorf et al., (2004) [CallRate 
~ Normal (42.97, 1)] and the average number of birds per covey. ARU 
estimated area of coverage was calculated using dmax and the number of 
ARUs,  and  bobwhite  density  was  obtained  as  birds  per  hectare.  We 
supplied vague priors for all other parameters: ∈j
2  ~ Exponential (1/5), 

dj ~ Uniform (0, dmax) and ψ  ~ Normal (0.5, 10). Bias associated with 
the point count and ARU DS methods was calculated for the simulated 
data using root mean squared error (RMSE), and precision using coef-
ficient of variation (CV). 

2.3.2. SECR and telemetry models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific machine learning or deep learning model used, nor does it mention any postprocessing steps such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, confusion matrices, etc. Therefore, it is impossible to determine what postprocessing steps would be involved after model training based solely on the provided context. However, generally speaking, common postprocessing steps include evaluating the performance of the trained model using various evaluation metrics, visualizing the results through techniques like saliency maps, and fine-tuning the model if necessary.