Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection and processing

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

(4) 

A  comprehensive  explanation  of  additional  statistics,  such  as  the 
decomposition of individual MI (Eqs. 5 and 6) as well as individual es-
timates of U, S, and R (Eqs. 7, 8, 9, and 10) involved in the generation of 
process networks is provided in the Supplementary text (1.1 Method). 
TPINet  effectively  works  when  there  are  at  least  200  data  points 
(Goodwell  and  Kumar,  2017a).  This  approach  can reveal  interactions 
occurring on hourly to daily time scales over several-day-time windows. 
Studies  employing  an  information  theory-based  transfer  entropy 
approach for network generation, with datasets at sub-hourly and sub- 
daily scales, have consistently provided robust results (Goodwell et al., 
2018; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017a; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017b).

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024469L. Khadke et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Fig. 6. (a) – (c) shows the average transfer entropy (TE) bits information of 104 weeks of two years at different lags for net ecosystem exchange (NEE), ecosystem 
respiration (RE), and latent heat (LH), respectively (d) – (e) implies the average number of TE links of 104 weeks for NEE, RE, and LH at different lags.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine which specific hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs.