Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

set 

is 

to 
1. 

2.3.3. Experimental setting 

In our experiment, a deep learning environment based on Python and 
Tensorflow – GPU as well as CUDA was constructed under the Windows 
operating system. The deep feature loss bird noise reduction network 
model was trained for 50 epochs on an RTX 2080 Ti GPU using the Adam 
(cid:0) 4. In each 
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a learning rate of 10
epoch, the entire training set was presented in a random order, with one 
noisy bird sound signal per iteration. 

2.4. Comparative algorithms 

Using the same test  set, we compared the  denoising results of the 
deep feature loss-based bird sound noise reduction network with several 
other  bioacoustics  noise  reduction  algorithms,  namely  SEGAN, 
WebRTC, wavelet transform (Priyadarshani et al., 2016), Wiener filter 
(Loizou, 2017), and MMSE STSA (Brown et al., 2017) algorithms.

traditional noise reduction methods that generally tend to be suitable for 
eliminating  smooth  noise.  However,  field  recordings  often  consist  of 
significant  amounts  of  non-smooth  noise,  rendering  traditional  bio-
acoustic  noise  reduction  methods  at  least  partially  ineffective  for 
adaptive noise reduction in field recordings. In this context, relatively 
few  studies  to  date  have  sought  to  assess  the  potential  value  of  deep 
learning for bioacoustic noise reduction. Moreover, the current scarcity 
of  labeled  clean  bioacoustic  recordings  makes  it  challenging  to  train 
deep  learning-based  models  for  bioacoustic  noise  reduction.  Further-
more,  the  application  of  deep  learning  bioacoustic  noise  reduction 
methods for different types of noises and different frequency bands of 
bird species calls has yet to be thoroughly investigated. Given that birds 
are  considered  good  indicators  of  ecological  health  and  that  their

(2)  

∑

Λ15 =

Λ14

j × K14

j + b,

j

where b is a learned bias term. 

Fig. 4. Framework of the bird sound noise reduction network based on deep feature loss.  

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025174C. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

2.3.2. Training of the bird sound noise reduction network based on deep 
feature loss

Abbreviations: Signal-to-noise ratio, SNR; perceptual evaluation of speech quality, PESQ; Web real-time communications, WebRTC; voice over Internet protocol, 
VoIP; minimum mean-square error short-time spectral amplitude, MMSE STSA; speech enhancement generative adversarial network, SEGAN; generative adversarial 
network, GAN; fully convolutional neural network, FCN; deep autoencoder, DAE; leaky rectified linear unit, LReLU; detection and classification of acoustic scenes 
and events, DCASE; peak signal-to-noise ratio, PSNR. 

* Corresponding author Xinghui Gao at: School of Electronics and Communication Engineering, Guangzhou University, China. 
** Corresponding author Yingying Guo at: School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering, Guangzhou University, China. 

E-mail addresses: gaoxh@gzhu.edu.cn (X. Gao), guoyingying@gzhu.edu.cn (Y. Guo).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.