Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the guesswork out of developing a training dataset by including a group 
of pixels around a field site and knowing that the ‘truth’ is included in 
one of those pixels. Lastly, MTMI-SMF is computationally very efficient 
compared  to  most  machine-learning  algorithms  because  it  relies  on 
simple matrix multiplication.

Bunescu, R., Mooney, R., 2007. Learning to extract relations from the web using minimal 
supervision. In: Proceedings of the 45th Annual Meeting of the Association of 
Computational Linguistics. Presented at the ACL 2007. Association for 
Computational Linguistics, Prague, Czech Republic, pp. 576–583. 
Cawse-Nicholson, K., Townsend, P.A., Schimel, D., Assiri, A.M., Blake, P.L.,

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024324S. Meerdink et al.

Table A.2 
Confusion matrix for RapidEye imagery using MTMI-SMF. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from 
training. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10243211S. Meerdink et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Table A.3 
Confusion matrix for Landsat imagery using MTMI-SMF. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from training. 

Table A.4 
Confusion matrix for NAIP imagery using Random Forest. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from 
training.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models mentioned. Therefore, I cannot determine if frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch were utilized.