Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

More recently, there has been a great effort to automate the process 
of classification/mapping of specific targets using Deep Learning (Lecun 
et al., 2015) algorithms, such as the Deep Neural Network (DNN), which 
includes  a  learning  algorithm  based  on  an  artificial  neural  network 
(Langford et al., 2019). In this study, we developed a semi-automatic 
methodological approach for mapping burned areas in the entire Cer-
rado  biome  in  Brazil  using  Deep  Learning  techniques  available  on 
Google Cloud computing and Landsat 8 imagery, which consist of eleven 
spectral bands with a spatial resolution of 30 meters for bands 1-7 and 9, 
15 meters for band 8, and 100 meters for bands 10 and 11. We did not 
use  Landsat-7  imagery  because  of  the  data  gaps  observed  images  ac-
quired after 2003, which would substantially affect the spatial coverage 
of  our  analysis.  We  assessed  accuracies  and  compared  our  mapping 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study region

We used Landsat 8 Operational Land Imager (OLI) satellite images 
and Deep Neural Network models to detect and map burned areas within 
the  Cerrado  biome.  The  image  processing  and  classification  followed 
four steps as follows: (1) collecting spectral training samples of burned 
and non-burned areas for the entire study area, well distributed in space, 
(2) training the deep learning models, (3) developing model prediction, 
and (4) model assessment (validation and concordance analysis). Fig. 2 
uses  step-by-step  bases  to  show  all  details  of  our  methodological 
approach for detecting and mapping burned areas in the Cerrado biome 
in 2017. 

2.4.1. Training samples dataset 

The spectral training samples of burned area (BA) and non-burned

2.4. Burned area mapping 

Deep  Neural  Network  (DNN)  is  a  learning  algorithm  based  on  an 
artificial neural network with multiple hidden layers (Langford et al., 
2019).  The  DNN  models  use  hierarchical  data  processing,  where  the 
input data in each module (called the hidden layer) results in an output 
that  is  an  input  for  the  next  module,  connected through  weights  and 
biases  whose  values  were  learned  during  the  training  of  the  network 
(Bramhe et al., 2018).

5. Conclusions 

Our  alternative  approach,  based  on  a  semi-automated  technique, 
remotely sensed data, and deep learning algorithm available on Google 
Cloud  Storage  and  Computing,  allowed  us  to  map  burn  scars  in  the 
Cerrado biome in Brazil with high overall accuracy (97%). We achieved 
these results because of the geometrically corrected and preprocessed 
Landsat  data  available  on  Google  Earth  Engine  Platform  and  the  ca-
pacity of Deep Learning techniques to differentiate spectral signatures of 
burned and unburned areas in the study area. 

The high accuracy achieved by our mapping approach demonstrates 
that deep learning algorithms can be successfully applied to the remote 
sensing  field  using  large  remote  sensing  datasets  and  extensions, 
requiring low time and labor demand. Our proposed mapping approach 
created new perspectives on fire scar detection by producing a technique 
that is accurate, promising, and replicable to other regions.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the purpose of the deep learning model was to classify and map burned areas within the Cerrado biome in Brazil. Specifically, the researchers utilized a Deep Neural Network (DNN) model, which is a type of learning algorithm based on an artificial neural network with multiple hidden layers. This model was trained to distinguish between burned and non-burned areas using spectral training samples collected from the study area. Once trained, the model was then used to develop predictions and subsequently validate its performance. Ultimately, the goal of employing this deep learning model was to create an efficient and accurate methodology for identifying and mapping burned areas across large geographic scales.