Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Experiments and results
All experiments measured the top-1 and top-5 accu-
racy of the trained deep learning model under different
circumstances, i.e., herbarium specimens classification
(“Herbarium specimen classification” section, Table 3),
transfer learning across herbarium data from differ-
ent regions (“Cross-Herbaria transfer learning” section,
Table 4), and transfer learning from herbarium data to
non-dried plant images (“Transfer learning from herbar-
ium to non-dried plant images” section, Table 5).

For each of these experiments, table columns are

defined as follows:

Discussion and conclusions
This study is, to our knowledge, the first one that ana-
lyzes a big dataset with thousands of specimen images
from herbaria and uses deep learning. Results show the
potential of deep learning on herbarium species identifi-
cation, particularly by training and testing across different
herbarium datasets. This could potentially lead to the cre-
ation of a semi, or even fully, automatic system to help

Jose et al. BMC Evolutionary Biology  (2017) 17:181 

Page 12 of 14

Fig. 7 Comparison of losses of R.PC.PC, I.PC.PC and H1K.PC.PC experiments

taxonomists and experts do their annotation, classifica-
tion, and revision work at herbarium.

ertheless, in the last five years, deep learning has become
a promising tool to handle extremely complex computer
vision tasks. Additionally, online portals of ambitious ini-
tiatives such as iDigBio already provide access to more
than 14 million herbarium images [9] that are particu-
larly useful for deep learning approaches [10]. Thus, it
is now possible to use images of herbaria thanks to cur-
rent advances in machine learning and initiatives such as
iDigBio.

Finally, based on our results, we believe that the devel-
opment of deep learning technology based on herbarium
data, together with the recent recognition of e-publication
in the International Code of Nomenclature [41] will also
contribute to significantly increase the volume of descrip-
tions of new species in the following years.

Acknowledgements
Thanks to the National Museum of Costa Rica for their help with the collection,
identification, and digitization of samples in the Costa Rican leaf-scan dataset.
Special thanks to the Costa Rica Institute of Technology for partially sponsoring
this research. We would also like to thank the large community that has actively
engaged in iDigBio initiative for the valuable access to the herbarium data.

Jose et al. BMC Evolutionary Biology  (2017) 17:181 

Page 13 of 14

Funding
This work was partially supported by the Costa Rica Institute of Technology.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not explicitly mention where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions that the National Museum of Costa Rica helped with the collection, identification, and digitization of samples in the Costa Rican leaf-scan dataset. It also acknowledges the iDigBio initiative for providing access to herbarium data. Therefore, it can be assumed that the data used in this study might be accessible through these sources. However, without explicit information about the availability of the data repository, it cannot be confirmed.