Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  order  to  train  the  model,  it  is important to provide not only 
the  class  of  the  object  but  also  the  bounding  box  data  of  the 
object  as  correct  answer.  In  this  context,  we  parsed  the  x,  y 
coordinates, width and height of the fish in the annotation of the 
image’s  dataset.  In  addition,  we  used  data  augmentation  to 
extend the amount of data. 

The  model  has  better  performance  as  number  of  epochs 
increases.  However,  when  number  of  epochs  exceeds  200,  the 
network  seems  to  be  overfitted  to  training  data.  As  a  result, 
Table  I  shows  the  hyper-parameters  used  to  train  and  validate 
the Yolo model. 

Number 
of 
iterations 
4000 

Number 
of 
epochs 
200 

Learning 
rate 

Batch 
size 

Subdivisions 

0.001 

16 

64 

Table 1. Hyper-parameters to train the Yolo model.

Fishes, 

18(2), 

Li,  S.,  Song,  W.,  Fang,  L.,  Chen,  Y.,  Ghamisi,  P.,  & 
Benediktsson,  J.  A.  (2019).  Deep  learning  for  hyperspectral 
image  classification:  An  overview.  IEEE  Transactions  on 
and  Remote  Sensing,  57(9),  6690–6709. 
Geoscience 
https://doi.org/10.1109/TGRS.2019.2907932 

image  processing.  2018 

Lumauag,  R.,  &  Nava,  M.  (2019).  Fish  tracking  and  counting 
International 
using 
IEEE  10th 
Information 
Conference  on  Humanoid,  Nanotechnology, 
Technology,  Communication  and  Control,  Environment  and 
Management, 
1–4. 
https://doi.org/10.1109/HNICEM.2018.8666369 

HNICEM 

2018,

information

probability for very slow-moving fish.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, one strategy often employed to manage randomness in deep learning models is using fixed seeds during development and testing phases. This ensures reproducibility by making sure that the same results can be obtained each time the code runs. Another common approach is to use techniques like cross-validation or bootstrapping, which involve splitting the data into multiple subsets and averaging the results across these subsets. These methods help reduce variability caused by random sampling and improve the robustness of the model. Additionally, data augmentation, mentioned in the context, is another technique used to introduce controlled variation into the training data, thereby reducing the impact of randomness.