Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To our knowledge, this is the first application of UMAP to directly 
estimate species distribution based on an analysis of bioclimatic vari-
ables.  Other  studies  have  used  DRM  to  visualize  results  from  deep 
learning models; e.g., Deneu et al. (2022) used tSNE (another DRM) to 
visualize input data and the results of applying a convolutional neural 
network to model the distribution of species at a fine resolution. On the 
other hand, we applied clustering to identify groups containing species 
and near background points to highlight how bioclimatic heterogeneity 
between clusters in the reduced dimension translates to geographic re-
gions, i.e., to show that groups in the reduced dimension have similar 
bioclimatic  properties  within  a  group,  but  differ  among  groups  (see 
Figs. 6, 7). This behavior underlines the nature of UMAP in that back-
ground points near species samples share similar bioclimatic properties

While  the  proposed  framework  provides  an  alternative  way  to 
quantify the relationship between the environment and species traits, 
we detected some aspects that merit future research. UMAP is affected 
by  hyperparameters  such  as  the  number  of  neighbors  and  minimum 
distance (McInnes and Healy, 2018), which were maintained at fixed 
levels  for  this  study.  However,  further  analysis  should  provide  infor-
mation  on  how  hyperparameter  calibration  affects  the  performance. 
Since UMAP is a stochastic method, an assessment of how randomness 
affects  the  results  could  also  be  undertaken  to  obtain  an  estimate  of 
variability.

(cid:0) 1 to 1, and again, the closer to 1 the value, the better the model. The 
COR index is similar to the correlation coefficient but applied to a binary 
response. These indices are commonly used to assess species distribution 
models (Phillips and Elith, 2010). For comparative purposes, the UMAP 
runs  were  performed  by  fixing  the  hyperparameters  of  minimum  dis-
tance  at  0.005  and  the  number  of  neighbors  at  15  using  the  uwot 
package  (Melville,  2022)  with  the  R  language  version  4.2.1  (R  Core 
Team,  2022).  Moreover,  Maxent  3.4.4  (Phillips  et  al.,  2017)  was  run 
with its default parameters and 10 replications to compare the AUC of 
both models and to visualize their geographic distributions (Fig. 1-C5). 
MaxEnt runs were performed with the same data sets for species and 
background  points  and  with  the  same  selected  variables  presented  in 
Table 1.

In  ecology,  species  distribution  modeling  (SDM)  is  an  important 
research  area,  with  applications  in  conservation  management  of 
threatened species, analysis of invasive pests and climate change, and 
niche  modeling  (Franklin,  2013;  Srivastava  et  al.,  2019).  Different 
methods have been proposed to assess how bioclimatic variables influ-
ence  species  occurrence.  Some  machine  learning  techniques,  such  as 
support  vector  machines,  artificial  neural  networks,  random  forests, 
genetic algorithms, and maximum entropy, have been applied to study 
species distribution (Elith and Leathwick, 2009; Gobeyn et al., 2019). 
The fundamental problem in SDM is finding a subset of environmental 
conditions in certain regions that are similar to those in the locations 
where the individuals are found. This is normally achieved by fitting a 
model using a multivariate set of bioclimatic variables, associated with

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the text does not explicitly mention any specific hyperparameters related to a deep learning model, such as learning rate or optimizer. Instead, it discusses the use of Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection (UMAP) for estimating species distribution based on bioclimatic variables. In this case, the mentioned hyperparameters for UMAP are the number of neighbors and minimum distance.

For this particular study, these hyperparameters were kept constant, with the minimum distance set at 0.005 and the number of neighbors set at 15. It is suggested that further analysis should explore how different hyperparameter calibrations might affect the performance of the model. Additionally, since UMAP is a stochastic method, an evaluation of how randomness impacts the results would help determine the level of variability.

Therefore, without additional information about the deep learning model used in conjunction with UMAP, I cannot provide details regarding other potential hyperparameters like learning rate or optimizer.