Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 9. Modelling approaches used in the examined articles (count) over the years (A): RB = Regression-based, ML = Machine-learning, DIST-ENV = distance based/
envelope, PPM = Point Process Models, ENS = Ensemble approach, OTH=Other approaches. Specific models implemented in reviewed literature (B): GAM =
Generalised Additive models; GLM = Generalised linear models; MARS = Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines; MAXENT = Maximum Entropy model; RF =
Random Forest; BRT = Boosted Regression Trees; GBM = Generalised Boosted Models; ANN = Artificial Neural Networks; CART = Classification and Regression
Trees; FDA = Flexible Discriminant Analysis; SVM = Support Vector Machine; LDA = Linear Discriminant Analysis; BNM = Bipartite Network modelling; QDA =
Quadratic Discriminant Analysis; ENFA = Ecological Niche Factor Analysis; BIOCLIM = BIOCLIM; LGCP-INLA = Log-gaussian Cox Process via Integrated Nested

projection
methodologies;
• Utilize long-term/

historical data to project
into future scenarios.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10270013E. Pasanisi et al.

analysis. However, while regression-based models remain prevalent (n
= 23), there was an increased use of machine learning techniques (n =
22), particularly Maxent, and, although limited, deep learning strategies
(e.g., neural networks, Cazau et al., 2023), likely suggesting a shift to-
wards machine learning methodologies (Maglietta et al., 2023). Another
notable trend was the increased incorporation of anthropogenic vari-
ables in modelling to assess the influence of human activity on species
habitat use, especially related to fishing and boating activities (n = 7
studies; e.g., Díaz L´opez and Methion, 2024).

while the first study used machine learning in 2007 with Classification
and Regression Tree (CART), Discriminant Analysis and then with the
integration of Maxent in 2010. Over the years, RB and ML approaches
experienced a proliferation in usage, encompassing various innovative
ML for both boosting and classification techniques that gained popu-
larity later on (e.g, RF, BRT, GBM, ANN), or distance-based and enve-
lope models (DIST-ENV) in 2001 and, more recently since 2018, the
models based on point-processes (PPMs). Additionally, the ensemble
modelling approach, where the results of different models are averaged
(ENS, n = 34, 11%), has also increased since its first use in 2013.

3.5. Model validation (internal/external validation strategy and metrics)

field but also serves as a valuable tool for those interested in modelling the distribution of these magnificent and
enigmatic animals, as well as other cryptic species, offering insights that can guide researchers in making
informed decisions in the realm of SDMs.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the context. However, it mentions that the model uses neural networks, which suggests that it could be employed for tasks such as classification, prediction, or pattern recognition. Without further details, it is impossible to determine the exact purpose of this particular deep learning model.