Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

647

Model architecture

Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are a subset of DNNs that are specialized for image 
classification  tasks  and  pattern  recognition.  One  of  the  main  advantages  of  CNNs  is  the 
ability to perform automated feature extraction, eliminating the need for hand-crafted fea-
ture  extraction.  CNN  architecture  is  built  on  three  types  of  layers:  (1)  convolutional  lay-
ers,  which  are  the  most  important  because  they  apply  hierarchical  feature  extraction  and 
decomposition  of  input  images;  (2)  pooling  layers,  which  carry  out  operations  to  reduce 
numbers of parameters and necessary computation; and (3) fully connected layers, which 
perform the actual classification at the end of the pipeline.

Results

We  calibrated  models  for  classification  challenges  using  different  numbers  of  training 
steps, and considered two factors to find optima for training TensorFlow (Khalighifar et al. 
2019): correct identification rate and processing time. As a result, for all challenges except 
Challenge 3, we chose 4000 training steps as an optimum number. For Challenge 3, given 
the number of species (41 species), 8000 training steps proved to be the optimum number. 
The details of results associated with each classification task are as follows:

Challenge 1

We  created  a  confusion  matrix  to  depict  TensorFlow’s  initial  results  with  20  species 
(Fig. 3). The overall correct identification rate was 94.3%. We achieved 100% correct iden-
tification rate for 11, and 90% or above for 17, species. The lowest identification rates were 
for closely-related species Platymantis isarog and P. montanus, with 70 and 75% correct

Biodiversity and Conservation (2021) 30:643–657

(2) how does TensorFlow perform when it encounters species that do not exist in its 
reference library? To answer these questions, we generated 20 spectrograms per spe-
cies for this new dataset, resulting in a total of 440 spectrograms, to be subjected to 
identification using the CNN developed in Challenge 1.

3.  Challenging TensorFlow to identify all 41 species for which recordings are available 
We increased the number of species in the TensorFlow reference library to 41 by add-
ing 21 new, undescribed species (one species in the new dataset was already present 
in reference library, owing to a recent taxonomic change; Brown et al. 2015b). Then, 
we followed the same procedure as in Challenge 1, to test performance on a reference 
library that is twice as large as the original (i.e., 41 classes).

Across broader taxonomic scales and phylogenetic relationships (e.g., Chan and Brown 
2017), other means (biogeographic realm, ectomorph type, classification, etc.) of restrict-
ing/limiting  candidate  species  pools  may  prove  useful  for  ‘fine-tuning’  of  TensorFlow’s 
automation of species recognition. Additional caveats for future consideration include (1) 
single notes per species and (2) sample sizes, which will be limited for rare species, those 
that occur at naturally low abundances, or taxa characterized by reduced detection proba-
bilities due to cryptic microhabitat preferences, narrow activity patterns, or seasonally-lim-
ited  reproductive  cycles  (Wells  2010).  Avenues  for  future  development  of  these  methods 
in  our  immediate  plans  include  application  to  additional  taxonomic  groups  (e.g.,  insects, 
birds), and automation of call detection from environmental sound samples as a precursor 
step to automated species identification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The pipeline uses Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) as the deep learning model. CNNs are a subset of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) specifically designed for image classification tasks and pattern recognition. They have the advantage of performing automated feature extraction, eliminating the need for manual feature engineering. The CNN architecture consists of three types of layers: convolutional layers, pooling layers, and fully connected layers. The convolutional layers are responsible for applying hierarchical feature extraction and decomposition of input images. Pooling layers help reduce the number of parameters and required computations. Fully connected layers perform the final classification step at the end of the pipeline.