Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

modeling. R package. 

Hirata, A., Nakamura, K., Nakao, K., Kominami, Y., Tanaka, N., Ohashi, H., Takano, K.T., 
Takeuchi, W., Matsui, T., 2017. Potential distribution of pine wilt disease under 
future climate change scenarios. PLoS One 12, e0182837. 

Humphries, G.R.W., Magness, D.R., Huettmann, F., (eds), 2018. Machine Learning for 

Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, Cham.  

Ikegami, M., Jenkins, T.A., 2018. Estimate global risks of a forest disease under current 
and future climates using species distribution model and simple thermal model–pine 
wilt disease as a model case. For. Ecol. Manag. 409, 343–352. 

Iordache, M.-D., Mantas, V., Baltazar, E., Pauly, K., Lewyckyj, N., 2020. A machine 

learning approach to detecting pine wilt disease using airborne spectral imagery. 
Remote Sens. 12, 2280.

Differences were also observed for the comparison between model 
outputs. The RF model showed a more conservative distribution of the 
probabilities  of  PWD  occurrence  than  the  Maxent  model.  However, 
these differences were very small for the same site (i.e., the same cell in 
the map). Therefore, we developed an ensemble model by integrating 
the RF and the Maxent models. The ensemble technique is frequently 
used  to  address  machine  learning  problems,  such  as  confidence  esti-
mation and error correction (Polikar, 2012). By integrating the models, 
each  model  acted  in  a  complementary  manner  and  generated  better 
results.  The  ensemble  model  in  this  study  showed  a  highly  improved 
power of prediction, compared to the corresponding power of either the 
RF or the Maxent model. 

4.3. Enhancement of management and control to prevent the pine wilt 
disease

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Predicting potential occurrence of pine wilt disease based on environmental 
factors in South Korea using machine learning algorithms 

Dae-Seong Lee a, Won Il Choi b, Youngwoo Nam c, Young-Seuk Park a, * 
a Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02447, Republic of Korea 
b Division of Forest Ecology, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea 
c Division of Forest Diseases and Insect Pests, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest management 
Invasive species 
Random forest model 
Maxent model 
Ensemble model 
Effects of climate change

1–14. 

Learning. Springer, Boston. pp. 1–34. 

Prasad, Y., Prabhakar, M., 2012. Pest monitoring and forecasting. In: Abrol D.P., 
Shankar, U. (eds) Integrated Pest Management: Principles and Practice. CABI, 
Wallingford., pp. 41–57 

R Core Team, 2019. A Language and Environment for Statistical Computing. R 

Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria.  

Revell, L.E., Tummon, F., Stenke, A., Sukhodolov, T., Coulon, A., Rozanov, E., Garny, H., 
Grewe, V., Peter, T., 2015. Drivers of the tropospheric ozone budget throughout the 
21st century under the medium-high climate scenario RCP 6.0. Atmos. Chem. Phys. 
15, 5887–5902. 

Yen, J., Tzean, S., Chang, R., 1997. Occurrence of pine wilt disease in Taiwan red pine, 

Pinus taiwanensis, in Taiwan. Plant Pathol. Bull. 6, 49–57. 

Yi, C.K., Byun, B.H., Park, J.D., Yang, S., Chang, K.H., 1989. First finding of the pine

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Common methods used for hyperparameter optimization include grid search, random search, Bayesian optimization, and others. Without explicit mention in the provided context, it cannot be determined which method was employed for hyperparameter tuning.