Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10263015X. Li et al.

2.2. Data and processing 

Detailed information of the data in this study can be obtained from 
Table 1. The Google Earth Engine platform, as a planetary-level cloud 
computing platform, provides rich remote sensing data (Gorelick et al., 
2017). This study selected the 16-day synthesized MOD13Q1 V6 NDVI 
dataset(MODIS NDVI), the daily NOAA Climate Data Record (CDR) of 
AVHRR NDVI V5 dataset(CDR AVHRR NDVI)(Eric et al., 2024), and the 
third  generation  GIMMS  NDVI  from  AVHRR  sensors  dataset  (GIMMS 
NDVI) on the Google Earth Engine platform. The SPOT/VEGETATION 
products (SPOT NDVI), administrative divisions, and DEM datasets are 
sourced  from  the  Resource  and  Environmental  Data  Center  of  the

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Xin  Li:  Methodology,  Visualization,  Conceptualization,  Software, 
Formal analysis, Writing –  original draft, Data curation, Writing –  re-
view & editing. Jingwen Xu: Supervision, Writing – review & editing, 
Project administration. Yiyang Jia: Data curation. Shuang Liu: Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Yudie  Jiang:  Data  curation.  Zelin  Yuan:  Data 
curation. Huiyu Du: Data curation. Rui Han: Data curation. Yang Ye: 
Data curation. 

Declaration of Generative AI and AI-assisted technologies in the 
writing process 

Statement: During the preparation of this work the author(s) used 
Bingchat in order to translate Chinese into academic English. After using 
this  tool/service,  the  author(s)  reviewed  and  edited  the  content  as 
needed and take(s) full responsibility for the content of the publication. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare no conflict of interest. 

Data availability

◦

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026302X. Li et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Fig. 1. The workflow of this study.  

Fig. 2. The proportion of cloud-free images in 2000–2020.  

Western  Sichuan  alpine  plateau  region  (WS),  the  Southwest  Sichuan 
mountainous area (SS), and the Sichuan Basin (SB) (Fig. 3). 

2.2. Data and processing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available in the given context. It does not provide any information about the use of version control systems like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. Therefore, I cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available based on the given context.