Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

may join the population (e.g. immigrants or recruited offspring). These 

cases require that the process of identifying individuals and labelling 

2.2 | Collecting training data

photos is routinely repeated. Therefore, relying on human observers 

for  collecting  labelled  data  in  this  type  of  systems  might  hinder  the 

In all three species, we collected pictures using Raspberry Pi cam-

widespread implementation of deep learning techniques for individual 

eras.  The  methods  to  automatically  label  the  pictures  differed  be-

identification, or restrict its application to short-term projects.

tween the wild (sociable weavers and great tits) and captive (zebra 

Here  we  provide  an  efficient  pipeline  for  collecting  training 

finches) populations. We start by explain the two different data col-

data, both in captivity and in the wild, and we train CNNs for in-

lection pipelines.

dividual re-identification (i.e. machine recognition of a previously

now feasible to continuously collect training pictures and routinely 

lenges presented here, among others.

re-train a CNN using updated training data.

Having large datasets will allow optimizing performance of CNNs 

The arrival of new individuals to the study population is another 

as  well  as  identifying  the  relative  performance  of  alternative  solu-

challenge  that  needs  to  be  carefully  addressed.  If  these  new  birds 

tions. Other network architectures (e.g. ResNet; He, Zhang, Ren, & 

are  marked  with  a  PIT-tag,  the  CNN  could  be  updated  similarly  to 

Sun,  2016)  and  different  hyper-parameters  settings  (e.g.  learning 

the  problem  of  changes  in  appearance  discussed  above.  However, 

rate)  than  the  ones  used  here  can  yield  different,  and  potentially 

in many cases new individuals will not be marked. Such a problem 

improved,  results.  Other  deep  learning  methods  approaches  could

has been restricted to standardized conditions (e.g. Pérez-Escudero 

deep learning approach for a given study is to guarantee that enough 

et al., 2014) that are not easily satisfied when working with wild an-

training data can be collected to train a model. Our data from two wild 

imal populations.

populations showed that we can rely on RFID technology to gather 

Besides  the  recording  conditions,  it  is  also  important  to  con-

large amounts of automatically labelled data. Since this technology 

sider  how  tags  used  for  human  identification  could  artificially  in-

is now widely used for research on birds (e.g. Aplin et al., 2015), we 

crease the accuracy of the models. For example, here the sociable 

believe that the proposed method for automatizing data collection 

weavers  had  three  coloured  bands  and  a  metal  ring  in  their  legs 

for  deep  learning  applications  could  be  easily  and  rapidly  imple-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided context, there is no information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. The text discusses various aspects related to deep learning, including challenges, advantages, and applications in ecological studies, but does not mention any details regarding the deployment platform.