Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

of weights between the neurons in the adjoining layers and will maximize the network
performance, which would help the neurons focus on speciﬁc patterns in the data. In the
ﬁnal layer, the parameters are passed through the SoftMax function, which transforms
them into probabilities that sum to 1, as shown in Equation (1).

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

17 of 17

47. Wisz, M.S.; Hijmans, R.; Li, J.; Peterson, A.T.; Graham, C.; Guisan, A.; NCEAS Predicting Species Distributions Working Group.

Effects of sample size on the performance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 2008, 14, 763–773. [CrossRef]

48. Yang, W.; Tan, B.; Huang, D.; Rautiainen, M.; Shabanov, N.V.; Wang, Y.; Privette, J.L.; Huemmrich, K.F.; Fensholt, R.; Sandholt, I.
MODIS leaf area index products: From validation to algorithm improvement. IEEE Trans. Geosci. Remote Sens. 2006, 44, 1885–1898.
[CrossRef]

49. Martin, R.; Parrish, D.; Ryerson, T.; Nicks, D., Jr.; Chance, K.; Kurosu, T.; Jacob, D.J.; Sturges, E.; Fried, A.; Wert, B. Evaluation of
GOME satellite measurements of tropospheric NO2 and HCHO using regional data from aircraft campaigns in the southeastern
United States. J. Geophys. Res. Atmos. 2004, 109, 1–11. [CrossRef]

Convolution is used for feature extraction, in which a kernel is applied to an input
tensor. A feature map is thus obtained through the product of kernel elements and tensor
input. The procedure is then repeated on multiple kernels to obtain random feature maps
that represent different feature extractors. The hyperparameters involved in convolution
operations are the size and number of kernels. The size could be anything from 3 × 3 to
5 × 5 to 7 × 7, and the kernel could be chosen randomly.

BIOCLIM is based on a bioclimatic envelope model, which is widely used to predict the
potential species distribution, which does not account for any possible interrelation between
variables. Being an intuitively simple model, it assigns equal weight to each variable
and produces binary predictions [57,58]. To predict the probability species distribution,
BIOCLIM compares the values of input variables of known locations to the values of
unknown pixels. The closer the value of an unknown pixel to the available pixel, the more
suitable the location is for a particular species to be found. BIOCLIM is simple and intuitive.
It is susceptible to over prediction and as speciﬁed, does not account for the interactions
between input variables [59].

2.4.2. CNN

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. However, common methods for hyperparameter optimization include grid search, random search, Bayesian optimization, and gradient-based optimization. Grid search involves trying all combinations of hyperparameters within a manually specified range, while random search selects random combinations within the same range. Bayesian optimization uses a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and guide the search process, and gradient-based optimization uses gradients to update hyperparameters iteratively. Without specific details, we cannot determine which method was used for this model.