Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

, j ∈ Sk(t)

(4) 

In Eq. (4), η(t) is the learning rate, which decreases with time t, and 

Sk(t) is the neighborhood of the output neuron j at time t.  

(5)  The process is repeated using a new input vector. 

2.4.4. Clustering quality index (CQI) 

Owing to the characteristics of unsupervised clustering of SOM net-
works,  changing  the  number  of  categories  significantly  affects  the 
clustering results, and determining the number of categories is the key to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026864J. Li et al.

(1)  Initialization is performed, with a small random initial value (wij) 
being assigned to the connection weights of N input and output 
neurons  and  an  initial  neighborhood  being  set  for  each  output 
neuron j.  

(2)  A new input sample vector (X) is provided.  
(3)  The Euclidean distances (dj) between the input sample and each 
output  neuron  j  are  calculated,  and  the  neuron  (k)  with  the 
minimum distance is the winning output unit. 

⃦
⃦
X (cid:0) Wj

⃦
⃦ =

dj =

√
√
√
√

̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅
∑N
]2

[
xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

i=1

(3) 

In Eq. (3), X is the input sample vector, Wj  is the weight vector, N is 
the number of input neurons, xi is the ith input neuron, wij is the random 
initial value of the connection weight between the ith and jth neurons, 
and t is time.  

ʹ
(4)  The neighborhood Sk(t) and renewal weight (w
ij) of the winning 

neurons and neurons in the neighborhood are provided. 

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

large-scale partitioning (Srivastava and Bhambhu, 2005). However, the 
training efficiency of SVM for large sample datasets is not ideal at pre-
sent (Amarappa and Sathyanarayana, 2024), and further optimization of 
the  training  algorithm  is  an  urgent  problem  that  needs  to  be  solved. 
Simultaneously, the boundaries delineated by SVM are not uniform with 
the  administrative  boundaries,  and  the  zoning  results  will  face  diffi-
culties in real applications, which is also a problem to be addressed in 
the future. Because of the increasing long-distance HAs and the remote 
deployment of material and energy, the ability of remote connectivity 
will  be  an  important  driver  of  future  regional  differentiation  (J.  Jiao 
et al., 2020). Quantifying this ability and incorporating it into HA–NE 
coupled zoning will be a topic addressed in future studies.

2.3. Data sources and processing 

All data sources are listed in Table 1. Data preprocessing involved the 
following  steps:  (1)  Using  the  ArcGIS10.5  software,  the  spatial 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026863J. Li et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Table 1 
Human activity (HA)–natural endowment (NE) coupled zoning index system and data sources.  

Criterion layer 

Indicator layer 

Data source 

Quantitative method 

Population density 

HA intensity 

Economic density 

Open Spatial Demographic Data and Research(https://www.wor 
ldpop.org) 

Land use intensity 

Precipitation 
Temperature 

Evapotranspiration 

Soil type 

Elevation 
slope 
NDVI 

Vegetation type 

Climatic conditions 

Geographic 
conditions 

Vegetation 
conditions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Before training a deep learning model, several preprocessing steps can be taken to improve its performance. These may include:

* Normalization or standardization: This involves rescaling the features so they have zero mean and unit variance. This helps prevent any one feature from dominating the others due to differences in scales.
* Scaling: Similar to normalization, but instead of rescaling based on the mean and variance, we rescale based on the minimum and maximum values.
* Cleaning: Removing missing or invalid data points, handling outliers, and correcting inconsistencies in the dataset.
* Feature engineering: Creating new features from existing ones, such as polynomial features or interaction terms, to better capture relationships in the data.
* Dimensionality reduction: Reducing the number of features through techniques like principal component analysis (PCA) or autoencoders.

These preprocessing steps help ensure that the deep learning model can effectively learn patterns in the data and generalize well to new examples.