Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

at each split in the tree, 3) determines a split point from many possible 
values, and 4) averages trees. In random forests, the standard is to make 
use of bagging and tree averaging, rather than pruning trees or limiting 
tree size, to prevent over-fitting (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 
2006; Goldstein et al., 2011). Breiman (2000:4) wrote that ‘the largest 
trees possible result in the best accuracy.’ Indeed, typically fine-tuning 
parameters  is  unnecessary  to  achieve  accurate  performance  with 
random forests (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 2006).

Accuracy  metrics  occurred  on  separate  testing  data,  or  withheld 
known classes, to determine how well the classifier assigned classes using 
predictor  variables.  The  testing  data  were  25%  of  samples  for  this 
modeling, a randomly sampled split that is standard modeling practice 
(performed through the createDataPartition function in the caret pack-
age). The true positive rate or sensitivity is a measure of the number of 
predicted observations that were accurately assigned to a class, while the 
true negative rate or specificity is a measure of the number of predicted 
observations where the response variable of interest did not occur. 

2.4. Variable reduction for correlation

1.4. Modeling approaches 

Modeling also includes selection of the classifier (or probability of 
occurrence estimator), which encompasses hundreds of different options 
(Fern´andez-Delgado  et  al.,  2014),  although  general  linear  models, 
MaxEnt,  and  random  forests  are  among  the  most  commonly  applied 
classifiers  (Santini  et  al.,  2021).  For  the  selected  classifier,  modeling 
package  options  enable  automated  tuning  for  parameters  through 
resampling and standard default values to reach the most accurate final 
model configuration. Multiple methods may be applied to detect over-
lapping outcomes, allowing some strength of evidence within a study 
rather  than  only  comparing  support  from  other  studies,  but  multiple 
methods may be too burdensome when hundreds or thousands of models 
are generated due to numerous species, predictor variable combinations, 
and time intervals.

correlated predictors, only a subset of variables is considered for each 
tree and the rule at each branch is constructed with a single variable 
threshold. In the case of a reduced set of two input variables, random 
forests still 1) bootstraps samples from training data, 2) selects a feature

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, it mentions that the testing data was 25% of the samples for this modeling, which suggests that the remaining 75% of the data could have been used for training purposes. It also states that the testing data was randomly sampled, indicating that a random sampling approach might have been employed to divide the dataset. Furthermore, the use of the 'createDataPartition' function from the 'caret' package implies that the splitting process followed good practices such as stratified sampling to ensure balanced representation across classes in both the training and testing datasets. Nevertheless, without more detailed information, we cannot definitively state the exact criteria used for splitting the data.