Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

during the training phase for each evaluated input size, the best image resolution. Then
the DDCN processes the testing images using batches composed of the images with the
best-evaluated size (Figure 8).

Method

FCN

U-Net

SegNet

DeepLabV3+

DDCN

Number of Parameters
(in millions)

3.83

1.86

2.32

Training Time
(GPU hours)

Inference Time
(GPU min.)

Inference Time
(CPU min.)

Inference Time
(GPU min./ha)

Inference Time
(CPU min./ha)

485

450

472

1.4

1.9

1

1.3

1.1

1.5

5.16

486

1.4

1.9

2.08

500

5.1

6.2

0.042

0.030

0.033

0.042

0.153

0.057

0.039

0.045

0.057

0.186

3.3. Visual Analysis

Some features maps, learned by the convolutional layers, are presented in Figure 12.
Speciﬁcally, this image presents low-, mid- and high-level feature maps learned by the
ﬁrst, a middle, and the last layers of the networks, respectively. We can see the each CNN
performs very differently from one another.

3.2. Computational Complexity

This section compares the methods in terms of computational efﬁciency and computa-
tional load for training and inference. Table 2 presents the average training and inference
times measured on the hardware infrastructure described in Section 2.2. Considering that
the methods were trained with the same optimizer and learning rates, these results are
highly correlated with the network depth and the selected batch size. For instance, the
DDCN network is deeper than the others, and the consequence is that it took longer than
the other networks for training and inference.

model that adjusts too well to the training data, but it does not generalize to the unseen
before dataset, i.e., a test dataset), after 50,000 iterations, the learning rate was reduced
following an exponential decay parameter of 0.5 by an SGD scheduler. Aside from this,
we used rotation, noise, and ﬂip (as in [50]) for data augmentation, and we were capable
of augmenting the dataset by six times. With the data augmentation technique, we can
make the CNN classiﬁcation more robust and generalize better. In Figure 9, we can see the
schematic diagram for the evaluation process.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, or confusion matrix. However, based on common practices in machine learning, some possible postprocessing steps could include evaluating the performance of the models using various metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc. Additionally, visualizing the predictions made by the models using techniques like saliency maps or heatmaps might also be useful. Furthermore, creating a confusion matrix to understand the misclassifications made by the models would also be beneficial. But without explicit mention in the provided context, these cannot be confirmed as the actual postprocessing steps followed in this case.