Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

combined with labeled data in a semi-supervised framework (sensu [14]), which may improve deep
learning on limited training data by providing neural networks the opportunity to learn generalized
features on a wider array of training examples, followed by retraining on a smaller number of high
quality annotations [16]. It is unknown whether moderate to low quality annotations can be used
to generate trees for initial model training, given the imperfect nature of existing unsupervised tree
delimitation approaches.

The challenge for applying deep learning to natural systems is the need for large training datasets.
A lack of training data is a pervasive problem in remote sensing due to the cost of data collection
and annotation [13]. In addition, the spatial extent of training data often prohibits the ﬁeld-based
veriﬁcation of annotated objects. For tree detection, the high variation in tree crown appearance, due
to taxonomy, health status, and human management, increases the risk of overﬁtting when using small
amounts of training data [10]. One approach to addressing the data limitation in deep learning is
“self-supervised learning” (sensus [14]), which uses unsupervised methods to generate training data
that is used to train supervised models [15]. This approach has recently been applied to remote sensing
for hyperspectral image classiﬁcation [9]. Self-supervision, which only relies on unlabeled data, can be

site are shown (SJER_009, SJER_010). 2.3. Deep Learning RGB detection Convolutional neural networks are often used for object detection, due to their ability to represent semantic information as combinations of image features. Early applications passed a sliding window over the entire image and treated each window as a separate classification problem. This was improved by considering the potential detection boxes that are generated by image segmentation techniques [23] or by combining the bounding box proposal and classification into a single deep learning framework [24]. We chose the retinanet one-stage detector [25,26], which allows for pixel information to be shared at multiple scales, from individual pixels to groups of connected objects for learning both bounding boxes and image classes. Retinanet differs from other object detection frameworks, such as RCNN, by combining object detection and classification into a single network. This allows for faster training and it decreases

15. Wu, H.; Prasad, S. Semi-Supervised Deep Learning Using Pseudo Labels for Hyperspectral Image

Classiﬁcation. IEEE Trans. Image Process. 2018, 27, 1259–1270. [CrossRef]

16. Romero, A.; Ballas, N.; Kahou, S.E.; Chassang, A.; Gatta, C.; Bengio, Y. FitNets: Hints for Thin Deep Nets.

arXiv preprint 2014, arXiv:1412.6550, 1–13.

17. Erhan, D.; Manzagol, P.-A.; Bengio, Y.; Bengio, S.; Vincent, P. The Diﬃculty of Training Deep Architectures
and the Eﬀect of Unsupervised Pre-Training. In Proceedings of the Twelth International Conference on
Artiﬁcial Intelligence and Statistics (AISTATS), Clearwater Beach, FL, USA, 16–18 April 2009; Volume 5,
pp. 153–160.

18. Weinstein, B.; White, E. Weecology/DeepLidar: Resubmission II, Version 3.0. Available online: http://doi.org/10.

5281/zenodo.3066235 (accessed on 1 June 2019).

19. Dalponte, M.; Coomes, D.A.; Murrell, D. Tree-centric mapping of forest carbon density from airborne laser

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is not explicitly stated in the provided text. However, based on the context, we can infer that the deep learning model is being used for object detection, specifically for detecting trees. This is evident from the mention of "tree detection" and the use of convolutional neural networks, which are commonly used for object detection tasks. Furthermore, the text mentions the use of the retinanet one-stage detector, which is a specific type of object detection algorithm. Therefore, we can conclude that the purpose of the deep learning model is to detect trees in images.