Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

loss curves during the training. As optimizer, the Adam algorithm was 
used, which is a stochastic gradient descent method. Then, one of the 
hyperparameters was modified iteratively following the direction that

Opposite to other families of ML models that have a narrow range of 
hyperparameters  to  adjust,  ANN  are  defined  by  different  types  of 
hyperparameters,  which  together  with  the  computational  cost  of 
training deep ANN, restricts the options to optimize. On the one hand, 
we have the hyperparameters that define the architecture of the ANN 
(number of layers and number of neurons), while on the other hand we 
have the hyperparameters that control de training process (mainly the 
learning rate, the optimizer, the batch size and the number of epochs 
that the training lasts). In order to avoid an exhaustive search that could 
consume a lot of time, a small dimensional space was initially defined 
and  explored  with  the  original variables.  The initial  hyperparameters 
that composed this space are shown in Table 1. The number of epochs 
was maintained in 500 as it proved to guarantee the stabilization of the

known Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) was used, except in the output layer 
of the ANN for classification, which uses the sigmoid function with a 
threshold of 0.5. This means that the outputs with a value lower than 0.5 
belong to one of the classes of the binary classification, while the outputs 
with a value equal or higher than 0.5 belong to the other class. In this 
work, ANN were implemented using the keras library.

The result of this process was added to the dataset as a new cate-
gorical binary variable that stored the existence of stratification or not 
(took the value of 0 when the reservoir was not stratified and 1 when it 
was stratified). 

2.5.3. Forecasting ML models 

A classification model was designed in order to detect if there existed 

Table 1 
Initial hyperparameters space.  

Initial hyperparameters space 

Hyperparameters 

Values 

Layers 

Number of neurons of the dense layer 
Dropout rate of the dropout layer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 

1 dense layer, 1 dense layer +1 dropout 
layer 
32, 64 
0.2, 0.4 
(cid:0) 3, 10
10
32, 64  

(cid:0) 4

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the optimization technique applied in the deep learning pipeline is the Adam algorithm. Adam is a stochastic gradient descent method that is used as the optimizer. Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) methods are popular optimization algorithms used in machine learning and deep learning due to their efficiency and ease of implementation. They work by updating the parameters of the model based on the average of the gradients computed from batches of data. The Adam algorithm is a variant of SGD that incorporates momentum and adaptive learning rates, making it more efficient and robust compared to traditional SGD. It has been widely adopted in various applications such as computer vision, natural language processing, and speech recognition.