Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These  two  examples  of  small  sample  sizes  highlight  a  conflict  in 
preferred protocol. Ideally, (1) all species would be included in a clas-
sification model, so as to better represent the local species diversity, (2) 
all events would ideally be included in the classification model, so as to 
better represent the variability found in the area, and (3) only confident 
‘ground truth’ classifications would be considered in the training model. 
Unfortunately, in species where identity must be determined based on 
call characteristics (rather than visual confirmation of species identity in 
the field), it can sometimes be difficult to confidently determine species 
identity when calls are highly variable and do not include at least one 
call  that  provides  high  confidence  of  species  identity.  In  the  case  of 
beaked whales, we recommend that training data include a high level of 
confidence for inclusion. This is especially critical for species with small

Development of automated classification routines, if accurate, serves to 
improve the efficiency, reduce the subjectivity, and decrease the cost of 
analyzing large datasets.

(sampsize). Small values of sampsize were selected to improve compu-
tational  performance,  but  large  values  of  ntree  were  used  to  obtain 
models  with  stable  classification  results  (Rankin  and  Archer,  2021). 
Model  results  were  summarized  using  the  rfpermute  package  (Archer, 
2022b).

BANTER  may  serve  as  an  option  for  automated  machine  learning 
classification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, there is mention of selecting small values for'sampsize' to improve computational performance and using large values for 'ntree' to achieve stable classification results. This suggests some form of optimization or tuning was performed, although the specific method (grid search, random search, etc.) is not mentioned.