Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The second approach we used to extract embeddings was from the 
pre-trained  BirdNET  model.  The  original  version  of  the  model  was

We expected higher performance of the embeddings, but a possible 
limitation to our study may be the use of pre-trained CNNs. This may 
have limited the potential performance of using embedding from neural 
networks.  Interestingly,  higher  classification  accuracy was  seen  when 
using  BirdNET,  a  CNN  trained  on  audio  data  of  bird  vocalizations  in 
comparison  with  VGGish  and  Wav2Vec  2.0,  two  models  trained 
respectively on a vast Youtube audio dataset and a human speech audio 
dataset. This suggests that training a model with data input of gibbon 
vocalizations might result in an even better performance of neural net-
works for individual gibbon discrimination. However, such data training 
requires a large dataset and is very computationally costly, hence why 
we chose to test pre-trained CNNs.

of length 2048. Model and code was run in Python version 3.10 based on 
the code and methods presented in: https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET 
-Analyzer.

3.4. Supervised classification 

We used random forest, a supervised classifier, implemented in the 
‘randomForest’ R package to classify the female gibbon calls (Liaw and 
Wiener,  2001);  and  therefore,  test  the  efficiency  of  MFCCs,  BirdNET, 
VGGish, Wav2Vec2, and acoustic indices as feature extraction methods 
for supervised classification of gibbon individuals. For each recorder (e. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024575M.W. Lakdari et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

g., distance category) we randomly divided our data into an 80/20 split 
of training and test sets over 20 iterations of cross-validation. We report 
the classification accuracy, mean, and standard deviation for each of the 
methods to compare their ability to classify great calls.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. However, it does mention that the BirdNET model and its corresponding code were run in Python version 3.10 based on the code and methods presented in <https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET-Analyzer>. Therefore, one can infer that the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available on GitHub at <https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET-Analyzer>.