Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Results of the FAIR assessment of the datasets selected by the F-UJI 
tool 

The  results  obtained  using  the  F-UJI  tool  were  based  on  the  16 
metrics described previously, which were established in the FAIRsFAIR 
project and distributed among four principles. 

Following the analysis of each group of repositories using this tool, 
we  passed  the  results  through  a  computational  notebook  report, 

ultimately  obtaining  visualisations  of  the  summaries  of  each  FAIR 
principle for all eight repositories. 

The report itself contained two sections:  

1.  “Read jsons responses” creates a data frame that includes all scores 

obtained for each of the 16 metrics,  

2.  “Visualize different FAIR metrics”  creates a histogram plot of the 
results that includes visualisations of each principle and the overall 
FAIR score, as shown below (Figs. 4(cid:0) 11).

Fig. 1 shows an extract from a JSON file that includes the identifier 
number, metric name with results (output), evaluation score, debugging 
messages, and a  summary of  all metrics in  the evaluation. Finally, to 
visualize the scores after compiling all the PIDs, we created a report by 
running a computational notebook (. ipynb document) provided by the 
FAIRsFAIR team (Devaraju and Huber, 2021a). This notebook provides 
an overall analysis and visualisation of all PID responses assessed using 
the F-UJI. 

In summary, a) the report reads JSON’s responses, b) collects all the 
total scores for the FAIR metric within a data frame, and c) visualises the 
metrics  and  summarises  the  evaluations  (in  our  case,  the  datasets 
associated with each repository). The characteristics of the report are 
discussed in the Section 3. 

For further analysis, two aspects of the findings of this study were 

considered.

In  conclusion,  as  a  concrete  proposal  for  F-UJI,  additional  docu-
mentation on the use of the tool is valuable when installing the server. 
Although it had a vast description of the metrics used, a more precise 
documentation of the code was missing. Regarding proposals for future 
work, we believe that it would be interesting to address two main points. 
First, the methodology proposed in this study, which combines the 
process of obtaining datasets and their subsequent evaluation, can be 
used to investigate the degree of FAIRness of datasets in disciplines other 
than  agriculture.  This  would  allow  comparisons  to  be  made  between 
areas of science and to understand the current scope of FAIR principles 
six years after their creation. On the other hand, it would be interesting 
to  further  apply  the  proposed  methodology  and  artificial  intelligence 
models  such  as  neural  network  techniques  (or  self-organising  maps

6. Conclusions 

addressing  data  quality.  For  this  reason,  it  is  necessary  to  continue 
developing metrics such as the one proposed by F-UJI and methodolo-
gies  such  as  the  one  proposed  in  this  study  that  favour  not  only  the 
availability of data but also that they are really useful to use, share, and 
reuse. 

Regarding F-UJI, as mentioned by its creators, it is a continuously 
developing tool. Automatic testing of research data objects is based on 
the FAIR ecosystem, and its success depends on automatic testing with 
clear criteria that can be evaluated using machines.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. The given context does not provide any details about the specific machine learning or AI models being used, nor does it mention anything about hyperparameter optimization methods like grid search or random search. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response to this query based on the given context.