Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

+is paper aims to predict the SST and the SWH for the
Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset.
+e proposed work is motivated by comparing the statistical,
machine learning, and deep learning models to understand
the performance gap of these models. +e results of this
work should provide scientiﬁc evidence on which model ﬁts
better the marine data. To anticipate the marine features
eﬃciently, the employed deep learning model combines the
gated recurrent units (GRU) with the regular neural net-
work. In the proposed architecture, the GRU layer is pre-
ceded by an input layer and followed by a fully connected
layer. As a result, the predicted values can be produced from
the output layer. To our knowledge, this is the ﬁrst use of a
GRU model architecture for forecasting SST and SWH.
Besides, four diﬀerent ML models have been utilized in the
current study, namely, Linear Regression (LR), Decision
Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Random

deep learning, and machine learning models for predicting the SSTand SWH on a real dataset obtained from the Korea Hydrographic
and Oceanographic Agency. +en, we proposed comparing these three predictive approaches on four diﬀerent evaluation metrics.
Experimental results have revealed that the deep learning model slightly outperformed the machine learning models for overall
performance, and both of these approaches greatly outperformed the statistical predictive model.

5. Experimental Results

5.1. Experimental Setup. +e experiments were performed
on a computer running 64-bit Linux OS with two 2.3 GHz
Intel 8-core processors. All of the utilized predictive
models were implemented in the Python programming
language version 3.8.5. Moreover, deep learning model
(i.e., GRU-DNN) implementation is performed using

Hidden layer (s) Outputlayer ...GRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcell...XXXX......Input layer...FClayerFClayerGRUlayer 8483, 2021, 1, Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1155/2021/8551167 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License8

Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience

Hindawi
Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience
Volume 2021, Article ID 8551167, 13 pages
https://doi.org/10.1155/2021/8551167

Research Article
Marine Data Prediction: An Evaluation of Machine Learning, Deep
Learning, and Statistical Predictive Models

Ahmed Ali
and Esraa Eldesouky

,1,2 Ahmed Fathalla
1,6

,3,4 Ahmad Salah ,5 Mahmoud Bekhit

,3

1Department of Computer Science, College of Computer Engineering and Sciences, Prince Sattam Bin Abdulaziz University,
Al-Kharj 11942, Saudi Arabia
2Higher Future Institute for Specialized Technological Studies, Cairo 3044, Egypt
3Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, Suez Canal University, Ismailia 41522, Egypt
4College of Information Science and Engineering, Hunan University, Changsha 410082, China
5Faculty of Computers and Informatics, Zagazig University, Sharkeya 44523, Egypt
6Computer Science Department, Faculty of Computers and Informatics, Suez Canal University, Ismailia 41522, Egypt

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The research article titled "Marine Data Prediction: An Evaluation of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Statistical Predictive Models" does not explicitly mention any specific datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, it focuses on utilizing a real dataset obtained from the Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency for predicting Sea Surface Temperature (SST) and Significant Wave Height (SWH). The authors propose a deep learning model combining gated recurrent units (GRU) with a regular neural network to efficiently anticipate marine features. This appears to be the first application of a GRU model architecture for forecasting SST and SWH. Additionally, the researchers employ four different machine learning models – Linear Regression (LR), Decision Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Random Forest (RF) – to compare their performances against the deep learning approach.