Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fishes, 

18(2), 

Li,  S.,  Song,  W.,  Fang,  L.,  Chen,  Y.,  Ghamisi,  P.,  & 
Benediktsson,  J.  A.  (2019).  Deep  learning  for  hyperspectral 
image  classification:  An  overview.  IEEE  Transactions  on 
and  Remote  Sensing,  57(9),  6690–6709. 
Geoscience 
https://doi.org/10.1109/TGRS.2019.2907932 

image  processing.  2018 

Lumauag,  R.,  &  Nava,  M.  (2019).  Fish  tracking  and  counting 
International 
using 
IEEE  10th 
Information 
Conference  on  Humanoid,  Nanotechnology, 
Technology,  Communication  and  Control,  Environment  and 
Management, 
1–4. 
https://doi.org/10.1109/HNICEM.2018.8666369 

HNICEM 

2018,

Furthermore,  YOLOv3  has  been  made  with  another 
improvement,  the  new  CNN  feature  extractor  named  Darknet-
53. It is a 53 layered CNN that uses 3x3 and 1x1 convolutional 
layers. It has demonstrated the advanced accuracy but with less 
floating-point  tasks  and  better  speed.  For  example,  it  has  less 
the  same 
floating-point  operations 
performance at a double speed. It utilizes also skip connections 
network inspired from ResNet. 

than  ResNet-152  but

The marine environment provides many ecosystems that support habitats biodiversity. Benthic habitats and fish species associations 
are investigated using underwater gears to secure and  manage these marine ecosystems in a sustainable manner. The current study 
evaluates the possibility of using deep learning methods in particular the You Only Look Once version 3 algorithm to detect fish in 
different environments such as; different shading, low light, and high noise within images and by each frame within an underwater 
video, recorded in the Atlantic Coast of Morocco. The training dataset was collected from Open Images Dataset V6, a total of 1295 
Fish  images  were  captured  and  split  into  a  training  set  and  a  test  set.  An  optimization  approach  was  applied  to  the  YOLOv3 
algorithm which is data augmentation transformation to provide more learning samples. The mean average precision (mAP) metric

In  order  to  train  the  model,  it  is important to provide not only 
the  class  of  the  object  but  also  the  bounding  box  data  of  the 
object  as  correct  answer.  In  this  context,  we  parsed  the  x,  y 
coordinates, width and height of the fish in the annotation of the 
image’s  dataset.  In  addition,  we  used  data  augmentation  to 
extend the amount of data. 

The  model  has  better  performance  as  number  of  epochs 
increases.  However,  when  number  of  epochs  exceeds  200,  the 
network  seems  to  be  overfitted  to  training  data.  As  a  result, 
Table  I  shows  the  hyper-parameters  used  to  train  and  validate 
the Yolo model. 

Number 
of 
iterations 
4000 

Number 
of 
epochs 
200 

Learning 
rate 

Batch 
size 

Subdivisions 

0.001 

16 

64 

Table 1. Hyper-parameters to train the Yolo model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention or reference to the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline discussed in the text. Therefore, without additional context or resources, it is impossible to determine where the code repository might be located (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket).