Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(in steps of 10);  

4.  Minimum number of samples required to split a node (samples split): 

2, 5, 10; 

5. Minimum  number  of  samples  required  at  each  leaf  node  (sam-

ples leaf): 1, 2, 4;  

6.  Method of selecting samples for training each tree (bootstrap): True 

or False;  

7.  Parameter  for  minimal  cost-complexity  pruning  (cpp alpha):  from 

0 to 0.06 (in steps of 4⋅10

(cid:0) 4). 

The following setup was chosen for investigation since it achieved the 
best  prediction  accuracy:  1000  trees,  max features  = auto,  50  levels, 
samples split = 2, samples leaf = 2, bootstrap = True, cpp alpha = 0. 
Finally,  feature  analysis  was  performed  to  test  different  combina-
tions  of  the  input  features  among  a  set  of  12  different  possibilities. 
Moreover, ML algorithms were also exploited to compensate for missing 
values in the dataset, as detailed in the following Section 3.3.5. 

3.3.5. Prediction algorithms and gap filling

model (Sowmya et al., 2020). The best model is selected comparing the 
performance scores of all possible combinations of hyperparameters.

(cid:0) 3, 10

(cid:0) 4;  

The following configuration optimized the performance of the model 
and was accordingly adopted for analysis: Adam solver (Kingma and Ba, 
(cid:0) 4,  constant  learning 
2014),  10 neurons  per  hidden  layer, alpha  = 10
rate, and rectifier activation function, also called Rectified Linear Unit 
(ReLU) activation function, defined as: 

(

)

{

ReLU

k

=

k, if k > 0;
0, if k⩽0.

(14) 

In the case of the RF, the hyperparameters include the number of 
decision trees in the forest, the maximum depth of the decision tree, the 
number of features considered by each tree when splitting a node, etc. 
This  set  of  hyperparameters  was  tested  using  the  grid  configuration 
shown below:  

1.  Number of decision trees: from 100 to 1000 (in steps of 100);  
2.  Number of features to consider at every split (max features): auto,

sqrt, log2, None;  

3.  Maximum number of levels in decision tree: None, or from 10 to 100 

(in steps of 10);

models were calibrated under regulated deficit irrigation (RDI) conditions to estimate ETa  and save irrigation 
water. On average up to 38.5% water savings were obtained, compared to full irrigation. Moreover, among the 
different input variables adopted, the soil water content (SWC) feature appears to have a prominent role in the 
prediction of ETa. Indeed, the presented results show that by choosing the appropriate input features, the ac-
curacy  of  the  proposed  machine  learning  models  remains  acceptable  even  when  the  number  of  features  is 
reduced to only 4. The best performance was achieved by the Random Forest method, with seven input features, 
obtaining a root mean square error (RMSE) and a coefficient of determination (R2) of 0.39 mm/day and 0.84, 
respectively. Finally, the results show that the joint use of SWC, weather and satellite data significantly improves

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of how the data was split for deep learning model training into sets such as train, test, and validation. However, it can be inferred that some form of cross-validation or holdout method might have been employed due to the presence of hyperparameter tuning and selection of the best model based on performance metrics. In general, common practices involve dividing the dataset into three parts: training, testing, and validation sets. The training set is used to fit the model, while the validation set helps tune the parameters and prevent overfitting. Lastly, the test set evaluates the final model's performance.