Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data sources and pre-processing 

We acquired GF-6 (WFV) data from the China Centre for Resources 
Satellite Data and Application (http://www.cresda.com/CN/) (Table 1). 
The  GF-6  remote  sensing  data  were  preprocessed,  mainly  including 
radiometric  calibration,  atmospheric  correction,  geometric  correction 
and image cropping.

Lee, Z.P., Carder, K.L., Mobley, C.D., Steward, R.G., Patch, J.S., 1999. Hyperspectral 

Ritchie, J.C., Zimba, P.V., Everitt, J.H., 2003. Remote sensing techniques to assess water 

remote sensing for shallow waters: 2. Deriving bottom depths and water properties 
by optimization. Appl. Opt. 38 (18), 3831–3843. 

Leng, Z., Zhang, J., Ma, Y., Zhang, J., Zhu, H., 2022. A novel bathymetry signal photon 

extraction algorithm for photon-counting LiDAR based on adaptive elliptical 
neighborhood. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 115, 103080. 

Liu, S., Zhang, Y., Bi, S.P., Zhang, X.B., Li, X.Y., Lin, M.M., Hu, G., 2015. Heavy metals 

distribution and environmental quality assessment for sediments off the southern 
coast of the Shandong Peninsula, China. Mar. Pollut. Bull. 100 (1), 483–488. 
Lyzenga, D.R., 1978. Passive remote sensing techniques for mapping water depth and 

bottom features. Appl. Opt. 17 (3), 379–383.

newly added violet and red-edge2 bands, holds promise to enhance the 
accuracy  of  nearshore  bathymetry  retrieval  and  yield  comprehensive 
water  environment  insights.  In  addition,  water  depth  serves  as  an 
effective  parameter  for  evaluating  water  pollution  conditions  in  the 
absence  of  water  quality  data  (Matsui  and  Kageyama,  2022).  Addi-
tionally, it aids in monitoring underwater fish and marine environment 
(García-Vega et al., 2021; Yoshida et al., 2019).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Nearshore bathymetry 
Turbid waters 
Band ratios 
CART 
RFR 
NDTI 
GF-6

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The study utilizes GF-6 (WFV) data obtained from the China Centre for Resources Satellite Data and Application. This data is then subjected to various preprocessing steps such as radiometric calibration, atmospheric correction, geometric correction, and image cropping. However, the specific method used for acquiring this satellite data is not explicitly mentioned within the given context. It can be assumed that these data collection methods involve using specialized equipment or software designed to capture and process satellite imagery.