Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Results 

3.1. Water quality characteristics 

(cid:0)
-N,  NO3

creases. This study implies that DOM absorption and humification can 
be used to predict the nutrient status of lakes and rivers in a plateau.

To quantify the relative parameter contributions of the parameters to 
the characteristics of DOM, the least absolute shrinkage and selection 
operator (LASSO) model was used to investigate the multicollinearity 
between the variables, and the analysis with lars() took place in the R- 
studio lars package. By imposing a penalty on the size of coefficients, the 
LASSO technique shrinks less important variables’ coefficients to zero, 
thus performing variable selection and allowing for the identification of 
the most relevant variables (Mukherjee et al., 2019). This model used 
+
environmental factors (pH, water temperature), nutrients (TP, TN, NH4
- 
(cid:0)
N, and NO3
-N), and phytoplankton (Chl-a) as predictors as predictors, 
with Fn355 as the response variable.

Build a three-layer back propagation (BP) artificial neural network 
using MATLAB R2014b (Lin et al., 2021). The first layer (i.e. the input 
layer) corresponded to the aCDOM(254) and Fn(355) respectively. The 
intermediate layer (i.e. hidden layers) and the last layer (i.e. the output 
layer)  comprised  a  single  neuron,  that  corresponded  to  the  predictor 
(TSI). Set the maximum training times to 10,000 and the training error 
to 0.001. 64 water samples were utilized for model calibration, with the 
remaining  used  for  validation.  Validation  accuracy  was  assessed  by 
calculating the coefficient of determination (R2) and root-mean-square 
error (RMSE) between the measured and predicted TSI. The RMSE was 
determined using Eq. (6). 

RMSE =

√

∑n

̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅
1
n

[Mea.TSI (cid:0) Pre.TSI]2

×

1

(6)  

where Mea,TSI is the measured TSI and Pre.TSI is the TSI predicted using 
the neural network model. 

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The criterion used to determine when training is complete in this case is the training error being set to 0.001. Additionally, the maximum number of training times is also specified as 10,000. These two conditions will be met before the training process stops. However, it should be noted that these specific values may vary depending on the particular application or dataset being used. In general, other common stopping criteria include reaching a certain level of performance on a validation set, such as a minimum validation loss or a plateau in validation loss improvement.