Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Research design and data processing 

The research workflow of the study is organised into three stages, 
viz., data processing and classification, change detection and prediction, 
and  valuation  of  C  sequestration.  At  the  first  stage,  pre-processing  of 

2  https://earthexplorer.usgs.gov/.  
3  www.openstreetmap.org/#map=4/21.84/82.79

of ecosystems (Nguyen et al., 2020; Ouyang et al., 2016). In recent ad-
vances,  several  LULC  simulation  models,  including  the  MLP  neural 
network-Markov chain (MLPnn-MC) model (Nasiri et al., 2019; Vass and 
Elofsson, 2016; Vinayak et al., 2020), SD-CLUE-S model (Liang et al., 
2017), Logistic-CA-MC model (Guan et al., 2019), FLUS model (Liang 
et al., 2018), SLEUTH model (Kumar and Agrawal, 2022), PLUS model 
(Tao  et  al.,  2023)  and  others,  integrated  with  carbon  mapping  and 
valuation model, i.e., InVEST (Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Ser-
vices  and  Tradeoffs),  have  emerged  as  reliable  techniques  providing 
promising results for stakeholders and decision-makers.

This  study  is  focused  on  the  assessment  of  carbon  storage  and 
sequestration (CS &  S) and its economic valuation in AWLS by incor-
porating  a  fusion  of  remote  sensing,  mathematical,  and  machine 
learning algorithm-based hybrid modelling. MLPnn-MC model is used to 
simulate  the  expected  shape  of  the  study  area  in  2035.  The  InVEST 
model renders dynamics of C mapping over space and time, integrating 
economic dimensions. The main aim of the study is to investigate the 
spatial-temporal  impact  of  LULC  transition  on  CS  &  S  capacity  and 
associated economic gain/loss of these changes. The sensitivity analysis 
has been performed by establishing four scenarios with a mix of social 
cost  of  C  values  and  societal  choices  as  discount  rates  to  observe  the 
variation in NPV. Due to a huge loss of forest land cover and expansion 
of  agriculture  and  grassland,  the  results  show  substantial  economic

In the next process, the InVEST model conducts an economic valu-
ation of C sequestration, not storage, since market prices consider only C 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024285P. Verma et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. Research workflow designed in three stages.  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024286P. Verma et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 3. LULC maps for the reference years 1995, 2008, and 2020 with respective percentage of area coverage.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no mention of which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined from this context alone whether platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud were utilized. Further details would be required to provide a definitive answer.