Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines, Decision Trees, Boosting, 
and Random Trees (Yang et al., 2010). However, a growing subarea in 
machine learning, called deep learning, can leverage large image data-
sets  to train  deep neural networks such as  Convolutional Neural  Net-
works (CNNs) (Jordan and Mitchell, 2015) to make accurate predictions 
on new, unseen images.

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models 

The  You  Only  Look  Once,  or  YOLO,  family  of  models  are  open- 
sourced  computer  vision  models  used  for  detecting  objects.  These 
state-of-the-art, single-stage detector models created by Ultralytics are 
built on PyTorch machine learning framework (Ultralytics, 2023). The 
YOLOv5 family consists of 5 different versions that differ in complexity 
including the nano (n), small (s), medium (m), large (l), and extra-large 
(x)  detector  models.  Each  version  of  YOLOv5  contains  a  different 
number of  layers  and  parameters, which  differ in  model sizes.  Model 
accuracy is  lost  when size  is  reduced,  but training speed  is  improved 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025402I. Grijalva et al.

A CNN is a deep neural network that can be used to process any data 
with  a  grid  pattern,  including imagery  data  (Yamashita et  al., 2018). 
Deep neural networks, particularly CNNs, have been successfully used 
for pattern recognition in a diverse range of insect images because of 
their higher performance in detection and classification tasks compared 
to traditional machine learning approaches (Hansen et al., 2020; Motta 
et al., 2020; O'Shea and Nash, 2015). CNNs perform mathematical op-
erations focusing on convolution operations, which is a linear operation 
that  can  extract  image  features  useful  for  detection  and  classification 
tasks (Yamashita et al., 2018). The use of CNNs to identify species is 
rapidly growing in entomology (Høye et al., 2021). Different tasks, such 
as  manual  identification and  counting, can be  performed  using CNNs 
and potentially aid or even replace humans in key scouting activities. To

Usually,  growers  or  entomologists  manually  monitor  pests  using 
morphology keys, pest guides, and images to match key characteristics 
with  common  genera  and  species  names  reported  in  the  literature 
(Bishop and Hutchings, 2011). However, using machine learning, and 
specifically, deep learning approaches, has the potential to expedite this 
important component to the monitoring process by automating several 
tasks using imagery (Grijalva et al., 2023a; Grijalva et al., 2023b; Wang 
et al., 2023). Species detection and classification of organisms found in 
production sorghum fields are common tasks during standard scouting 
events  or  bouts.  Machine  learning  can  automate  these  tasks  with  the 
slightest  use  of  labor  and  time  (Chen  et  al.,  2021).  Many  traditional 
machine  learning  algorithms  have  been  used  to  classify  pests;  these 
include  the  Normal  Bayes  classifier  (a.k.a.,  Naïve  Bayes  classifier),  K

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is object detection. Specifically, it refers to the You Only Look Once (YOLO) family of models, which are state-of-the-art, single-stage detector models built on the PyTorch machine learning framework. These models are designed to detect objects within images, and they come in five different versions - nano (n), small (s), medium (m), large (l), and extra-large (x) - each varying in complexity, number of layers, and parameters. The primary goal of these models is to accurately locate and classify objects within images quickly and efficiently.