Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data-driven models have evolved as effective decision-support tools
for HABs monitoring and prediction. These models are essential for
using patterns between water quality parameters and ecosystem vari-
ables to predict algal-related parameters such as chlorophyll-a, phyco-
cyanin, algal cells, and toxins (Busari et al., 2023; Kimambo et al.,
2019). Machine learning (ML) models such as random forest (RF),
Multilayer perceptron (MLP), long-short term memory (LSTM), and
support vector regression (SVR) have been used successfully to predict
different algal-related parameters and help identify drivers of HABs (Liu
et al., 2019; Qian et al., 2023; Zhang et al., 2015, Busari et al., 2023).
Model predictions are, however, influenced by varying degrees of un-
certainty (Gawlikowski et al., 2023). According to Guzman et al. (2015),
uncertainty refers to the variation between the actual state of a variable
and its theoretical assessment at a particular time. These prediction

included during the model training phase when introducing high-
frequency datasets. This is unsurprisingly as dataset size is often line-
arly related to number of regression trees required to build the models
(Biau and Scornet, 2016). This will enable the RF model to learn more
patterns
in the water quality datasets efficiently and improve
chlorophyll-a predictions. The most occurring max_depth when using
the manually sampled dataset was 28, which increased to 37 when more
datasets were used to train the model. Deeper trees in the continuous
high frequency data allows the model to learn intrinsic water quality
patterns. Less deep trees in the manually sampled datasets helps the
model to learn effectively with the few datasets without overfitting. The
inclusion of the chlorophyll-a sensor values as a predictor variable made
little impact on the parameter distribution for both RF_with_Sensor and
RF_w/o_Sensor (Fig. 5). This suggests that increasing predictor numbers

3.2.1. Data acquisition

The study draws upon continuous sensor-based water quality data-
sets sourced from the Land Development Division of Greenville County,
spanning December 2014 to July 2021. These continuous datasets
C),
encompass a range of parameters, including pH, temperature (
specific conductivity (μs/cm), turbidity (FNU), dissolved oxygen (mg/l),
saturated dissolved oxygen (%), oxidation-reduction potential (mV),
and chlorophyll-a levels (μg/l) (n = 155,914, where n = size of dataset).
Measurement of these parameters was facilitated by a YSI multiparam-
strategically positioned at Boyd Millpond's outlet
eter
◦
12′00.0”W, at a depth of 3.0–5.0 ft with readings
34
taken at approximately 15 min intervals.

27′18.2”N and 82

sonde

◦

◦

Fig. 6. Distribution of SVR hyperparameters after 1000 samplings. (Left columns are without chlorophyll-a sensor values, while the right column represents the
scenario with sensor values).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the method utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline involves continuous sensor-based water quality datasets. These datasets are sourced from the Land Development Division of Greenville County and span from December 2014 to July 2021. The parameters measured include pH, temperature, specific conductivity, turbidity, dissolved oxygen, saturated dissolved oxygen, oxidation-reduction potential, and chlorophyll-a levels. Measurements of these parameters are facilitated by a strategically positioned YSI multiparameter sonde at Boyd Millpond's outlet, located at coordinates 34°42′27.182″N and 82°25′12′00.0″W, at a depth of 3.0–5.0 ft. Readings are taken at approximately 15 min intervals.