Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

2.2. Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone 

Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone was performed using 
classical meta-metric learning architectures adapted from the EasyFSL

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

Python  package  (Bennequin,  2019).  Architectures  were  implemented 
using Pytorch (v2.0.0 with Python v3.8.0). The code of the architectures 
of  the  meta-learning  algorithms  is  available  at  the  following  address: 
https://github.com/ear-team/darksound.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model is built using the PyTorch framework, specifically version 2.0.0 with Python version 3.8.0. The implementation of the architectures for the meta-learning algorithms can be found at the following GitHub repository: https://github.com/ear-team/darksound.