Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical analysis 

2.4.1. Random forest classification

2.2. Training data and validation distribution data 

The workflow adopted for data acquisition, preparation and to set RF 
models are summarized in Fig. 2. The field data were collected during 
the summer season in 2010 (see Boscutti et al., 2015 for details about the 
field sampling procedure). The presence or absence and the cover per-
centage of the three seagrass species were recorded for each sampling 
point, by means of inspection and sampling of the seabed. To reduce the 
effects  introduced  by  non-vegetated  and  mixed  pixels,  the  points  not 
falling within the region of interest (ROI) (i.e. main channels and tidal 
islands  of  the  lagoon), and  the  points  considered  mixed  (i.e.  those in 
which  the  co-occurrence  of  multiple  species  was  recorded),  were 
removed. The removed mixed points represented 16.7% of the original 
data.  Considering  the different  combinations of  the three  species’  co-

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10268512

characteristics led to a remarkable improve in classification accuracy, 
when  considering  mixed  habitats  (Pafumi  et  al.,  2023;  Pham  et  al., 
2019a;  Veettil  et  al.,  2020)  and/or using  satellite images  with coarse 
spatial resolution (Ha et al., 2020). However, the application of machine 
learning in coastal waters is still in its infancy (Ha et al., 2020). Suc-
cessful  mapping  of  seagrass  species  distribution  and  dynamics  were 
already performed by using high spatial resolution data, at the expense 
of a limited time span. For example, Traganos and Reinartz (2018b) and 
Ariasari et al. (2019) achieved classification overall accuracies of 94% 
and 83% respectively, using Planet’s RapidEye and PlanetScope satel-
lites.  Furthermore,  Roelfsema  et  al.  (2014)  mapped  seagrass  species 
combining  high  spatial  resolution  sensors  (Maxar’s  WorldView-2,  X 
IKONOS, and X Quickbird-2) and object-based classification approach,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information regarding the specific data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it cannot be determined which data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotating, scaling, etc., have been applied in this case.