Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

2.3. Pre-processing of imagery

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Segmentation and classiﬁcation strategies in eCognition are still
rapidly evolving; methods and rule sets for automatically selecting
segmentation parameters are under development (Dragut et al.,
2010, 2014; Martha et al., 2012), but there is not yet consensus on
best practices. Better classiﬁcations, which could then better capture
the process of interest, may be possible as these tools develop fur-
ther. Machine learning techniques are being brought together with

M.V. Eitzel et al. / Ecological Informatics 31 (2016) 100–111

109

segmentation to more automatically classify images (Nancy Thomas,
personal communication). This set of approaches with historical im-
agery could become more powerful as new methods are developed.
We do caution that even with machine learning, some supervision
and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or
other data sources are still necessary (Sexton et al., 2015).

For the 2009 NAIP imagery, we used all four bands (R, G, B and IR)
and per-pixel NDVI, and for historical imagery we used the image
brightness and the six GLCM texture measures. We ﬁrst used multi-
resolution segmentation with a large scale parameter to mask forest
and prairie from each other, and then multi-threshold segmentation
on various bands to classify within those areas (Gärtner et al., 2014).
Using ArcGIS's ‘classify’ tool for raster symbology, we examined

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about what specific type of deep learning model was used in the pipeline. It only mentions that machine learning techniques are being combined with segmentation to classify images. However, it does not specify whether this involves convolutional neural networks (CNNs), recurrent neural networks (RNNs), transformers, or any other type of deep learning model. Therefore, based on the given context, I cannot determine what type of deep learning model was used in the pipeline.