Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024309V.L. de Miranda et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024307V.L. de Miranda et al.

(pseudo-)replicates) to the full dataset (see Supplementary Dataset S1). 
Those 85 results are not mutually independent, and the random-effects

specimens,  our  species-level  coverage  was  still  limited;  therefore,  we 
focus on algorithm performance at the genus level, for which we were 
able  to  gather  large  enough  samples  of  specimens  and  pictures.  We 
follow  the  currently  accepted  systematic  arrangement  for  the  Tri-
atominae (Monteiro et al., 2018), with all our bugs falling into one of the 
three genera to which the main vectors of human Chagas disease, from 
the USA to Argentina, all belong – Triatoma, Panstrongylus, and Rhodnius 
(WHO,  2002).  Our  assessment  shows  that  convolutional  neural  net-
works can identify these major triatomine genera with very high accu-
racy  using  low-resolution  pictures  taken  with  ordinary  cellphone 
cameras, irrespective of the angles or positions at which the bugs were 
photographed.  This  result  paves  the  way  for  ‘hybrid’  entomological 
surveillance systems  combining  human  taxonomic expertise  with  ma-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to this query based solely on the available information. However, it is possible that the data repository link might be included in the supplementary materials referenced as 'Supplementary Dataset S1'. To find out more about the specific data repository used, please consult the original research paper by V.L. de Miranda et al. published in Ecological Informatics volume 79 in 2024.