Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whole network produces the desired output for each input example. 

(Tab ak et al., 2018).

To  tune  these  parameters,  a  measure  of  the  discrepancy  between 

In  this  paper  we  present  a  system  to  address  all  of  these  is-

the  current  output  of  the  network  and  the  desired  output  is  com-

sues and to enable camera trap projects with few labelled images 

puted; this measure of discrepancy is called the loss function. There 

to take advantage of deep neural networks for fast, transferable, 

are numerous loss functions used in the literature that are appropri-

automatic information extraction. Our results show that combin-

ate for different problem classes. After calculating the loss function, 

ing  object  detection  models,  transfer  learning  and  active  learn-

an  algorithm  called  Stochastic  Gradient  Descent  (SGD;  Hecht-

ing  can  achieve  the  same  level  of  accuracy  as  a  recent  study  by

3 |  R E S U LT S

retaining  speed.  Before  processing  the  crops  from  a  target  dataset, 

we learn an embedding model (a deep neural network) on a large data-

As  explained  above,  our  suggested  pipeline  consists  of  three 

set, and use this model to embed the crops from our target dataset 

steps: (a) running a pre-trained detector model on images, (b) em-

into  a  256-dimensional  feature  space.  We  chose  256  features  after 

bedding the obtained crops into a lower-dimensional space and (c) 

preliminary experimentation showed it performed better than 64 and 

running an active learning procedure. In this section, we report the 

128. Choosing more than 256 features slows down the active learning 

results of our pipeline and analyse the contribution of these steps 

procedure. The embedding model turns each image into a 256-dimen-

to  the  overall  results.  For  these  results,  the  eMammal  Machine

(Swanson et al., 2015). The burden of manual review is the main dis-

trap images with species labels), and algorithms are trained to trans-

advantage of camera trap surveys and limits the use of camera traps 

late inputs to the appropriate outputs (Mohri et al., 2012).

for large-scale studies.

Deep  learning  is  a  specific  type  of  supervised  learning,  built 

Fortunately, recent advances in artificial intelligence have signifi-

around  artificial  neural  networks  (Goodfellow  et  al.,  2016;  Hagan 

cantly  accelerated  information  extraction.  Loosely  inspired  by  an-

et  al.,  1996),  a  class  of  machine  learning  models  inspired  by  the 

imal brains, deep neural networks (Goodfellow et al., 2016; LeCun 

structure of biological nervous  systems. Each  artificial  neuron in 

et al., 2015) have advanced the state of the art in tasks such as ma-

a  network  takes  in  several  inputs,  computes  a  weighted  sum  of

Annals of Mathematical Statistics, 22, 400–407.

Schneider,  S.,  Taylor,  G.  W.,  &  Kremer,  S.  (2018).  Deep  learning  object 
detection  methods  for  ecological  camera  trap  data.  In  2018  15th 
Conference on Computer and Robot Vision (CRV) (pp. 321–328). IEEE.

Schroff, F., Kalenichenko, D., & Philbin, J. (2015). Facenet: A unified embed-
ding for face recognition and clustering. In Proceedings of the IEEE con-
ference on computer vision and pattern recognition (pp. 815–823). IEEE.

Sener, O., & Savarese, S. (2017). Active learning for convolutional neural 
networks: A core-set approach. arXiv preprint, arXiv:1708.00489.
Settles,  B.  (2009).  Active  learning  literature  survey  (Technical  report). 
Department of Computer Sciences, University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, there are some indications that suggest the use of image data. Specifically, the text mentions using a pre-trained detector model on images, which implies that the input data is likely in image format. Additionally, the reference to eMammal Machine Trap Images further supports the idea that the pipeline uses image data. Therefore, based on the given context, it appears that the deep learning pipeline primarily utilizes image data.