Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this phase the network is trained with the mean scaled absolute 
error as regression loss, using a batch size of 1, an input image resolution 
(cid:0) 5. Moreover, we utilize 
of 1536 × 768 pixels, and a learning rate of 10
only horizontal flipping for data augmentation in this phase. 

2.5. Baseline comparison 

To also have a comparison of our method with a simpler approach, 
we compare our results with the ones from a ResNet50 that was pre- 
trained  on  the  ImageNet  classification  dataset  (Russakovsky  et  al., 
2015) with added FPN, later also referred to at ImageNet baseline model. 
As the ImageNet dataset is a normal classification dataset that does not 
contain the plant species from our dataset, this network cannot be uti-
lized  for  zero-shot  cover  prediction.  Hence,  we  only  evaluate  this 
network after training it on our dedicated plant cover data.

biological  areas,  like  animal  species  identification  (Bodesheim  et  al., 
2022;  Ravoor  and  Sudarshan,  2020)  and  plant  species  identification 
(Bambil  et  al.,  2020;  Kaur  and  Kaur,  2019;  Lasseck,  2017;  Quoc  Bao 
et  al.,  2020).  A  major  reason  for  their  prevalent  usage  is  the  strong 
abundance  of  image  data,  generated  not  only  by  omnipresent  smart-
phones with cameras but also by automated camera systems continu-
ously collecting new data. All this data can either be used to satisfy the 
rather  large  training  data  requirements  of  CNNs  or  be  automatically 
analyzed using trained deep learning models.

Furthermore,  as  shown  in  Table  1,  while  the  top-performing 
ImageNet  pre-trained  model  outperforms  several  of  our  cover-trained 
models, the best cover-trained model with natural GBIF images as pre- 
training  still  performs  better  than  all  ImageNet  baseline  models.  We 
can also see that the best-performing cover-trained model outperforms 
the best-performing zero-shot model in all metrics. However, while the 
former reduces the MSAE to about 50% compared to the best zero-shot 
model, the values for IoU and DPC are only slightly worse for the zero- 
shot  approach  in  comparison  to  its  fully-trained  counterpart.  This  in-
dicates  that  the  zero-shot  model  cannot  precisely  predict  the  exact 
reference cover estimates but can still predict the top layer of plants and 
the relative species distribution reasonably well.

Karpathy, A., Khosla, A., Bernstein, M., et al., 2015. Imagenet large scale visual 
recognition challenge. Int. J. Comput. Vis. 115 (3), 211–252. 

Schmidt, A., Hines, J., Türke, M., Buscot, F., Sch¨adler, M., Weigelt, A., Gebler, A., 

Klotz, S., Liu, T., Reth, S., Roy, J., Trogisch, S., Wirth, C., Eisenhauer, N., 2021. The 
Idiv Ecotron - a Flexible Research Platform for Multitrophic Biodiversity Research. 

Sellers, H.L., Vargas Zesati, S.A., Elmendorf, S.C., Locher, A., Oberbauer, S.F., 

Tweedie, C.E., Witharana, C., Hollister, R.D., 2023. Can plot-level photographs 
accurately estimate tundra vegetation cover in northern Alaska? Remote Sens. 15 
(8), 1972. 

Shorten, C., Khoshgoftaar, T.M., 2019. A survey on image data augmentation for deep 

learning. J. Big Data 6 (1), 1–48. 

Smith, R.L., Smith, T.M., Hickman, G.C., Hickman, S.M., 1998. Elements of Ecology. In: 

Number 577 S6E5 1998. Benjamin Cummings Menlo Parie, CA.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that the network is trained with images, specifically with an input image resolution of 512 x 512 pixels. It also refers to the use of a ResNet50 architecture, which is commonly used for image recognition tasks. Furthermore, the text discusses the abundance of image data generated by smartphones and automated camera systems. Therefore, it can be concluded that the primary data format used in the deep learning pipeline is images.