Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Yang et al. (cid:129) An Adaptive Approach for Empty Images Filtering

233

 23285540, 2021, 2, Downloaded from https://wildlife.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/wsb.1176 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [29/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License3.6 GHz central processing unit (CPU) and 32 GB of
memory, we used the incremental training mode to train
and test the DCNN model. On another Dell PowerEdge
C4130 rack server with two Tesla K80 GPUs and 256 GB
of memory, we used the zero‐start and the incremental
training modes to train and test models, respectively.

RESULTS
The incremental training mode performed consistently with
the zero‐start training mode when the training sample size

At present, few researchers focus on time costs of model
training and the required computing platform. Yousif et al.
(2019) stated that they optimized their model performance,
but model training still failed to complete on a common PC.
In terms of recognition rate, their rate on a 2.6 GHz CPU
computer was 100 frames/minute, which is lower than our
recognition rate (260 images/minute). One possible reason
is that their preprocessing was more complex.

MANAGEMENT IMPLICATIONS
Our method can greatly reduce time and personnel costs in
3 ways. First, using our method to automatically ﬁlter empty
images can greatly save labor and time, and the percentage
of the labor and time savings is the same as the proportion

DISCUSSION
Our method is adaptive and can improve its accuracy on a
PC in practical applications. The model errors decreased
with the increase of training sample size, and the errors of
incremental training mode and zero‐start mode on the same
training set were almost consistent. The accuracy (100%
−2.69% = 97.31%) of our method on the small training set
(29,192 images) is comparable to the accuracy (between
96.0% and 99.80%) of previous studies (Norouzzadeh
et al. 2018, Willi et al. 2019, Yousif et al. 2019). However,
all previous studies used large training sets containing mil-
lions of images. Manually labeling a large‐scale training set
was a time‐consuming, tedious task that increased personnel
costs of studies using camera‐trap images.

Yang et al. (cid:129) An Adaptive Approach for Empty Images Filtering

235

Model Evaluation
Model performance evaluation included both errors and
time costs evaluation. The iteration termination condition
of the model was the same in each round training (i.e., the
loss rate of the model was less than a preset threshold ɛ
−4]). We used the same test set (Test) to
[here ɛ = 1.0 × 10
evaluate the performance of models in diﬀerent training
phases. The model error evaluation used three metrics that
included overall error, commission error, and omission
error, which were deﬁned by equations (2), (3) and (4).

Table 2. Main conﬁguration parameters of the two platforms used.

)

(2)

(3)

(4)

Commission error

=

/(
FP TP

+

FP

)

Omission error

=

/(
FN TP

+

FN

)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline, such as dropout or L2 regularization. Therefore, it cannot be determined what regularization methods were employed in this study.