Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

landscapes  unit  provision  based  on  expert  data  from  the  literature 
against  those  from  a  field  survey.  Both  models  used  the  Nova  Scotia 
Forest  Ecosystem  Classification  at  10  m  resolution.  The  main  result 
highlighted that the output map informed with field data was 8% more

The rules for this Apis-FIS subsystem are: 
IF (LCWTSuit is VL) THEN (ApisSuit is VLS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is L) OR (DistSuit is UP) THEN (ApisSuit is LS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is M) THEN (ApisSuit is MS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is H) OR (DistSuit is AP) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is HS) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
To  implement  our  FIS  models,  we  use  the  fuzzy  logic  toolbox  of 
Matlab 2023b. This toolbox provides large capabilities to choose several 
membership functions and to build any desired set of inference rules. 

Fig. 14. Response surface of LCWTSuit and ApisSuit.  

2.4. Apis-FIS model validation

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025302G.A. Fotso Kamga et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Fig. 1. General overview of the methodological workflow.

We used a FIS-based model to map a suitable area for beekeeping. We 
aimed  at  combining  knowledge-based  information  from  literature  ex-
perts and beekeepers with a FIS procedures to map complex interactions 
of  many  factors  associated  with  beekeeping  activities  (Becher  et  al., 
2013; Mahaman et al., 2002). These factors are derived from various 
components  in  a  changing  environment,  some  of  which  may  be

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't enough information to provide a detailed explanation of the postprocessing steps involved after the model training. However, generally speaking, postprocessing steps can include creating saliency maps, calculating metrics such as accuracy or precision, and generating confusion matrices. These steps help evaluate the performance of the trained model and identify areas where it might need improvement. In the case of the Apis-FIS model mentioned in the context, it would depend on how the authors implemented their model using Matlab's fuzzy logic toolbox. They could have included additional steps like visualizing the response surfaces between input variables and outputs, validating the model against ground truth data, or performing sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of different inputs on the final output. Without further details about the specific implementation, it's difficult to provide a more precise answer.