Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

of districts within the NUTS3 units. 

In summary, it should be emphasized that both the environmental 
data, i.e. the information related to population and geographic condi-
tions, and the air pollution data, are of the Big Data type. Its volume is in 
the order of terabytes in size. 

5. Data processing results and analysis 

5.1. The course of COVID-19 cases

Castillo, O., 2020. Early diagnosis of covid-19-affected patients based on x-ray and 
computed tomography images using deep learning algorithm. Soft. Comput. 1–9. 
de Souza, S.V., Junqueira, R.G., 2005. A procedure to assess linearity by ordinary least 

squares method. Anal. Chim. Acta 552 (1–2), 25–35. 

Dong, J., Liu, Y., Bao, H., 2021. Revalue associations of short-term exposure to air 

pollution with respiratory hospital admissions in lanzhou, china after the control and 
treatment of current pollution. Int. J. Hyg. Environ. Health 231, 113658. URL. 
http://www.sciencedirect. 
com/science/article/pii/S1438463920306040. 

Duszy´nski, J., Afelt, A., Ochab-Marcinek, A., Owczuk, R., Pyr´c, K., Rosinska, A., 

Rychard, T., 2020. Smiatacz, Zrozumie´c covid-19. opracowanie zespołu ds. covid-19 
przy prezesie polskiej akademii nauk. Tech. Rep. 1–70. URL. 
https://informacje.pan.pl/images/2020/opracowanie-covid19- 
14-09-2020/ZrozumiecCovid19_opracowanie_PAN.pdf.

3. Materials and methods 

This section presents the tools and statistical models used to analyse 
the dependencies in this article. The first tool that was helpful in pre- 
processing  the  data  was  standardization  (Williamson  and  Piattoeva, 
2019). This is a kind of normalization that allows changing the scope of 
individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical 
range. It should be emphasized here that this transformation preserves 
the distance relations between individual data. Thus, suppose one have a 
set of records xj ∈ ℝn, j = 1, …, m where n is the number of features. For 
each element j = 1, …, m, the variables are transformed as follows: 

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1012844P.A. Kowalski et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

,

(1)  

coefficients can be presented in the following form: 

eq = Y = XW *.

new is the value of the variable xj, i after standardization with the 
where: xj, i
given  data,  mi  is  the  arithmetic  mean  of  the  i  feature  and  stdi  is  the 
standard deviation of this feature. It is worth emphasizing here that the 
standardization of data is independent for each of the considered fea-
tures i = 1, …, n. The data standardization procedure is carried out in 
most  tasks  that  use  tools  from  the  domain  of  statistical  analysis  and 
machine learning. Standardization is not recommended for data that we 
know are not normally distributed. The factors analysed in this study 
were  normalized  according  to  the  formula  (1),  therefore,  they  had 
values in a similar range and could be compared with each other.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, there is a reference to Castillo, O., 2020, which discusses early diagnosis of Covid-19 affected patients based on X-ray and computed tomography images using deep learning algorithms. Therefore, it can be inferred that the deep learning pipeline might involve image data formats such as X-rays or CT scans. Additionally, the mention of 'Big Data' suggests that the dataset may include various types of structured and unstructured data, potentially including formats like CSV, JSON, XML, etc. Nevertheless, without more detailed information, it cannot be definitively stated what exact data formats are utilized in the deep learning pipeline.