Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

then combined with common latent feature space to generate one latent 
feature space layer. Moreover, to learn the corresponding distributions 
on different layers, multiple layers are generated which learns with their 
pluralism,  simultaneously.  Salaken  et  al.,  (2019)  employed  deep 
learning in which  a small sample of target domain is  used as seed to 
transform  source  domain  dataset.  Sousa  et  al.,  (2020)  proposed  a 
transfer  learning  approach  with  data  augmentation  techniques  for 
wildfire detection to overcome data limitations.

Further  discussions  analyze  IFTL  and  FTL  for  their  abilities  to 
improve learning by restricting overconfidence (controlling hesitancy) 
during TL by considering GRNN and SVR as the TUR. Overconfidence in 
ELM,  GRNN,  or  SVR  arises  when  they  make  predictions  on  a  dataset 
(target  domain) that has a huge data distribution difference from the 
source domain data on which they are trained. In this scenario, they just 
use their training experience to make predictions during testing without 
considering the distribution divergence in the testing dataset from the 
training  dataset.  We  conclude  this  section  with  the  execution  time 
analysis of the approaches.  

a)  GDP prediction using only CO2 emission data2

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details about the frameworks used to build the deep learning models mentioned in the research papers. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was utilized.