Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

set 

is 

to 
1. 

2.3.3. Experimental setting 

In our experiment, a deep learning environment based on Python and 
Tensorflow – GPU as well as CUDA was constructed under the Windows 
operating system. The deep feature loss bird noise reduction network 
model was trained for 50 epochs on an RTX 2080 Ti GPU using the Adam 
(cid:0) 4. In each 
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a learning rate of 10
epoch, the entire training set was presented in a random order, with one 
noisy bird sound signal per iteration. 

2.4. Comparative algorithms 

Using the same test  set, we compared the  denoising results of the 
deep feature loss-based bird sound noise reduction network with several 
other  bioacoustics  noise  reduction  algorithms,  namely  SEGAN, 
WebRTC, wavelet transform (Priyadarshani et al., 2016), Wiener filter 
(Loizou, 2017), and MMSE STSA (Brown et al., 2017) algorithms.

(2)  

∑

Λ15 =

Λ14

j × K14

j + b,

j

where b is a learned bias term. 

Fig. 4. Framework of the bird sound noise reduction network based on deep feature loss.  

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025174C. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

2.3.2. Training of the bird sound noise reduction network based on deep 
feature loss

reducing noise, and accordingly, would not be suitable for processing 
large  volumes  of  recorded  data  collected  in  the  field.  Furthermore, 
compared with the bird sound noise reduction network based on deep 
feature loss and the SEGAN algorithm, we found that the noise reduction 
efficiencies of the WebRTC and Wiener Filter algorithms were notably 
higher. This disparity in performance can be attributed to the fact that 
the deep learning model is larger in size and is thus more demanding of 
computational resources. However, it should be noted that the execution 
time of the deep learning models on CPUs is acceptable.

testing. On the basis of the model thus developed, we established a bird 
sound  denoising  method  based  on  a  deep  feature  loss  network.  This 
method uses a pre-trained audio classification loss network to extract 
deep  feature  losses  to  train  a  bird  sound  reduction  network  without 
increasing the complexity of the denoising system per se. We believe this 
approach  to  be  more  suitable  for  the  deployment  of  a  bird  noise 
reduction  network  using  edge  devices.  The  proposed  bird  sound 
denoising method has a comparatively rapid denoising speed and can 
achieve a better denoising performance for background noise without 
distorting the spectrum of bird vocalization, particularly in the case of 
low  SNRs.  The  noise  reduction  effects  of  the  proposed  method  with 
respect  to  different  frequency  bands,  different  types  of  noise,  and 
different  SNRs  were  analyzed  and  compared  with  those  of  a  speech

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information about which specific cloud platform or service was used to deploy the deep learning model. It only mentions that the deep learning environment was built using Python and TensorFlow with GPU and CUDA support under the Windows operating system. Therefore, I cannot determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model from the provided context.