Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Science and SCOPUS), curating specific search terms and synonyms and
used Boolean operators and wildcards (asterisks) to account for word
variants and plural forms. Additional information on search strategy are
provided in the Appendix A along with Table S1 showing all the terms
included in the final search. The literature search was conducted in
January 2023 and considered all studies currently available in the two
databases until 31 December 2022. We did not add any language filters/
restrictions to the search strategy developed so that scientific literature
with an abstract in English but a full text in other languages was
potentially included in the search. Except for conference proceedings,
we did not include grey literature (technical reports, dissertations)
because we wanted to limit our search to the most relevant and
advanced scientific applications on the topic, given the extensive liter-
ature already available.

2.3. Screening process

Fig. 7. Studies (count) grouped for different EGVs categories and taxa (A) and
most frequently used EGVs (only counts equal or >10 articles are shown) (B),
lowercase letters within the centre of the circular plot represent EGVs cate-
gories (a = biotic/ecological, b = chemical, c = environmental, d =
geographical, e = hydrodynamic, f = other, g = physical, h = temporal, i =
topographic).

Fig. 8. Different categories of occurrence data with the corresponding number
of published articles (count).

2.4. Meta data coding & data synthesis

Fig. 4. Number of studied groups sorted by Family (A) and circular barplot with the number of published articles (count) for species ordered within each family
group (B). In both figures, each colour corresponds to a different Family; Capital letters stand for suborder/superfamily groups a = Mysticete, b = Odontocete, c =
Chelonioidea.

Fig. 5. Number of published articles (count) using visual, tracking and acoustic data, sorted by taxa or in total (A) and the count of different temporal categories
covered by the dataset (B).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention any details about a deep learning pipeline or its associated data repository link. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.