Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Funders of Earth science projects and academic publishers increas-
ingly require scientists to publish data in an open-access data repository 
(Cousijn  et  al.,  2018;  Data  Citation  Synthesis  Group,  2014;  Office  of 
Science, 2013; Stall et al., 2019). Many data repositories are available to 
store the data, with varying levels of service for data quality review, and 
guidance  or  helpful  tools  for  data  citation  and  tracking.  These  range 
from general purpose repositories that accept all data to domain, proj-
ect,  and/or  sponsor  specific  repositories  (Witt  et  al.,  2019)  that  are 
critical  for  data  integration.  Data  supporting  a  published  paper  may 
therefore be dispersed across multiple repositories that have different 
practices  for  data  citation  and  linking  to  related  data.  In  particular, 
citation approaches that address complexities of collections of data and 
dynamic data, represent an active area of research (Parsons et al., 2019;

project. The resulting citation for the data collection can then be used to 
cite all of the resources in the collection.

Currently, dynamic data citations are most advantageous to support 
query-based data downloads within a single repository or data aggre-
gator and specifying subsets of data. It is particularly useful when data is 
standardized  and  specific  data  can  be  readily  integrated  within  and 
across datasets from a search query, such as integrated species occur-
rence records from hundreds of data sources in GBIF. The data consumer 
only needs to reference one citation for the custom query and download 
instead  of  all  the  underlying  data  packages.  It  also  helps  support 
repeatability and accurate credit since it enumerates the exact subset of 
the data retrieved from the repository (Rauber et al., 2016b).

None. 

Acknowledgements 

We want to thank the members of the ESS-DIVE, AmeriFlux, FLUX-
NET, Watershed Function SFA, and NGEE-Tropics for the many useful 
discussions  about  citations  and  credit.  We  also  thank  all  those  who 
contributed  to  a  variety  of  community  discussions  on  data  citations 
through  a  variety  of  means  and  community  meetings.  We  want  to 
particularly thank Shelley Stall, Peter Fox, and Martin Fenner for being 
willing  to  act  as  sounding  boards  for  citation  topics.  This  work  was 
funded through the AmeriFlux Management Project and the ESS-DIVE 
repository by the U.S. DOE’s Office of Science Biological and Environ-
mental Research under contract number DE-AC02-05CH11231 to LBNL 
as part of its Earth and Environmental Systems Science Division Data 
Management program. 

References 

Ball-Damerow, J.E., Brenskelle, L., Barve, N., Soltis, P.S., Sierwald, P., Bieler, R.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided text does not contain information regarding the code repository link of any deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on this context alone.