Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3. Model fitting and assessment 

Selected covariate sets from the main (one embedded, one filter, and 
ten  random)  and  complementary  (ten  random  after  Step  B  and  ten 
random after Step A) procedures were used for fitting GLM, GAM and RF 
models. Details on the hyperparameters used for model fitting are pro-
vided in Supplementary material 1: Text S2. Model accuracy was eval-
′
) (or Somers’  D, such as 
uated using the Area Under the Curve’  (AUC
′ = AUC * 2 (cid:0) 1) (Somers, 1962), the maximized True Skill Statistic 
AUC
(maxTSS)  (Guisan  et  al.,  2017),  the  Continuous  Boyce  Index  (CBI) 
(Hirzel et al., 2006), and their average “Score” value obtained through a 
split-sample strategy repeated 100 times with 30% of the data kept aside 
for validation.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

windows of 100-m, 500-m, or 1-km radii), (ii) the category level (e.g.: 
within thematic covariate categories), and (iii) using all remainders.

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any information about the use of deep learning models or their respective hyperparameters. Therefore, it is impossible to determine what specific hyperparameters were used in this case.