Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

easy to train with reduced complexity, even though they have deeper 
layers than CNN models, because of the presence of skip connections 
between the input and output of each block (He et al., 2016). ResNet has 
different variants with a variety of convolution layers. We trialled three 
depths, ResNet-18, (cid:0) 50 and (cid:0) 101, and compared their training times 
and validation accuracies. They behaved similarly but ResNet-50 had a 
marginally  higher  validation  accuracy  (Section  3.1.1)  leading  us  to 
choose it for feature extraction.

ran in approximately 1.2 min for our experiments on the CPU, whilst 
softmax  took  12  min  on  the  GPU  to  complete  the  same  task.  So, 
although, softmax can accomplish our classification task, our proposed 
method has advantages.

After  the  SVM  classifier  was  trained  with  image  features  (Section 
2.4.2) extracted from 500 honey bee images (training time  = 1.2 min, 
on laptop CPU), 100 random images were selected from the remaining 
honey  bee  images  to  test  the  model’s  classification  performance  (test 
time  = 0.25 s on laptop CPU). We performed 5-fold cross validation for 
our SVM model. We compared the validation inaccuracies of the SVM 
classifier  model  using  the  features  extracted  from  ResNet-18/50/101 
models  (Table  2).  We  found  that  features  extracted  from  ResNet-50 
generated  marginally  better  validation  accuracy  than  ResNet-18  or 
(cid:0) 101 and obtained a validation accuracy for training the SVM of 96.4% 
and a test accuracy of 97.4%. This strengthens our motivation for using

We tested the performance of pre-trained ResNet-18/50/101 models 
by  training  each  with  the  same  500  honey  bee  images.  This  dataset 
contained 250 images of natural backgrounds and 250 anthropogenic 
backgrounds as determined by the manual algorithm. The training times 
for  all  three  models  were  similar,  with  ResNet-50  being  marginally 
faster. A pre-trained ResNet-50 CNN model was therefore selected for 
our study, and the last layer before its classification layer was used to 
extract 1000 features for training our classifier model. These features are 
visualised in Fig. 7 using a t-SNE algorithm (Maaten et al., 2008). This is 
a  non-linear  dimensionality  reduction  method  for  visualising  high- 
dimensional data by providing each data-point a location in 2-D or 3- 
D space. In this case it shows that our two classes, natural and anthro-
pogenic microhabitats, are well structured (see Table 1). 

3.1.2. Results of classifier model training and validation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the specific evaluation metrics used to assess the performance of the deep learning model. However, it does provide some information about the model's performance. It mentions that the validation accuracy of the Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier model using features extracted from the ResNet-50 model was 96.4%, and the test accuracy was 97.4%. Additionally, it states that the two classes, natural and anthropogenic microhabitats, are well structured when visualized using the t-SNE algorithm. While these details do not directly address the query regarding the specific evaluation metrics, they suggest that accuracy might be one of the metrics used to measure the model's performance.