Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/282290618

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

Conference Paper · September 2015

DOI: 10.13140/RG.2.1.1051.7201

CITATIONS
26

3 authors:

David J Klein

45 PUBLICATIONS   2,299 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

Bernie Tershy

University of California, Santa Cruz

162 PUBLICATIONS   10,146 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

READS
1,677

Matthew Mckown

Conservation Metrics, Inc.

19 PUBLICATIONS   545 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

All content following this page was uploaded by Bernie Tershy on 29 September 2015.

The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

Boomberg data for good 2015 http://first.bloomberglp.com/documents/d4gx/Environment.zip

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

David J. Klein

Matthew W. McKown

Bernie R. Tershy

Conservation Metrics, Inc. 
100 Shaffer Rd. 
Santa Cruz, CA 95060

speech  recognition,  and  genomics.  As  such,  AI  algorithm 
development  is  shifting  from  programs  hand-written  by  domain 
experts, to training machines by examples – often millions of data 
points  in  the  case  of  difficult  problems  such  as  unconstrained 
image recognition [32]. The major enablers for the success of DL 
have  been  the  availability  of  large  amounts  of  data,  and  the 
corresponding  computational  infrastructure  required  by  the 
learning  algorithms.  In  comparison  to  other  ML  algorithms,  the 
performance of a DL algorithm scales very well with the number 
of  training  examples  and  the  amount  of  compute  cycles  can  be 
applied. 

The biodiversity monitoring application that we have outlined is a 
prime candidate for application of DL, due to availability of large 
amounts  of  labeled  data  produced  by  the  analysts  using  our  UI. 

sensor modality. 

5. CASE STUDIES 

5.1.Detecting rare species

However,  the  rise  of  cheap  and  powerful  sensors  has  created  an 
ever-increasing data glut.  To be effective, these new tools must be 
coupled  with  new  automated  approaches  to  processing  and 
analyzing wildlife data streams. 

Here we describe examples of how we are leveraging advances in 
the areas of big data and deep learning to help researchers extract 
meaningful  information  from  the  torrent  of  new  sensor  data,  and 
improve the adaptive management of natural systems. 

4. DEEP LEARNING FOR 

BIODIVERSITY  
4.1.Big data infrastructure

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any explicit mention or discussion about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, specifically regarding random seed values, within the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided text. However, it's common practice in machine learning and deep learning projects to set a fixed random seed value before running experiments to ensure reproducibility and consistency across different runs.