Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

explicit or expanded database is being used.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Seagrass detection in the mediterranean: A supervised learning approach
Dimitrios Eﬀrosynidisa,⁎

, Avi Arampatzisa, Georgios Sylaiosb

T

a Database & Information Retrieval research unit, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi 67100, Greece
b Lab of Ecological Engineering & Technology, Department of Environmental Engineering, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi 67100, Greece

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Seagrass classiﬁcation
Dataset integration and fusion
Machine learning
Data mining
Mediterranean Sea

In this paper, we employ machine learning (ML) techniques to ex-
amine the presence–absence of seagrass meadows in the Mediterranean
Sea, and the environmental relationship among seagrasses at family
level. To achieve these, we combine data from a broad and diverse
range of databases, such as EMODnet, UNEP, and CMEMS, aiming to
determine the most appropriate variables aﬀecting the distribution of
seagrasses. We used static and temporal variables and chose the most
important ones with variable importance method by the random forest
algorithm. The temporal variables have additional features such as the
values for each month, along with the year min, max and average for
surface and seabed, totaling 217 variables. In order to perform binary
classiﬁcation we propose a method to automatically generate an ab-
sence dataset based on the presence dataset. For both binary and multi-
class classiﬁcation, 7 diﬀerent classiﬁers are compared and their results
are discussed.

3.2. Machine learning algorithms

There exist many supervised machine learning algorithms in lit-
erature, distinguished into several categories, such as Generalized
Linear Models (GLM), Decision Trees (DT), Instance Based (IB), Support

One of the most popular machine learning methods for classiﬁcation
of linear problems are Support Vector Machines (SVMs) (Cherkassky,
1997) with a linear kernel. They try to ﬁnd a set of hyperplanes that

3.2.4. Linear SVC

163

D. Eﬀrosynidis et al.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

separate the space into areas representing classes. These hyperplanes
are chosen in a way which maximizes the distance from the nearest data
point of each class. The Linear SVC is the simplest and fastest SVM
algorithm assuming a linear separation between classes.

3.2.5. K-nearest neighbors

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Instead, it focuses on using machine learning techniques, specifically supervised learning approaches, to examine the presence-absence of seagrass meadows in the Mediterranean Sea. The authors use various datasets and apply different classification algorithms, including Support Vector Machines (SVMs) and K-nearest neighbors, but do not discuss any image-based annotation techniques typically associated with deep learning pipelines.