Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

(cid:0)

[
α

1 (cid:0) e(cid:0) (D/d0)n0 )

C =

+ IC

][

e(cid:0) (D/(d1(cid:0) D0) )n1 + Cw

]λ

,

(1)  

where  n0  and  n1  are  the  exponents  defining  the  ‘steepness’  of  the 
response curve, defined as:. 

n0 = 2S0 + 1,

n1 = 2S1 + 1,

(2)  

(3) 

Large choices for S0,  S1  values produce a sharp step-shaped curve, 
representing  an  ecological  target  that  is  initially  unresponsive  to 
flooding  before  improving.  The  inflection  points  of  the  curve  are 
required to define its shape and are calculated from the parameteriza-
tion as follows: 

d0 =

D0

( (cid:0)

ln(1 (cid:0) Cb + ε) )1/n0

,

(4) 

Fig. 2. The plot shows FERM’s output with simple artificial data as input. The 
Inundation binary timeseries data were used as input. Dry-wet spells are also 
displayed as an intermediate step.

ln(1 (cid:0) T + ε) )1/n2

,

(10)  

(11)  

where D2 is the dry spell duration that causes the species to decline to the 
worst possible condition. It is defined depending on whether the target is 
on a recovery or declining trajectory. 

D2 = D2,D(1 (cid:0) T) + D2,RT,

D2,R = γICδ,

D2,D = ζICη.

(12)  

(13)  

(14) 

Eqs.  (13)  and  (14)  ensure  a  physically  meaningful  D2  value  by 
asserting that the time taken to decline to the lowest condition is zero if 
the target is already in a lower condition. 

4.1.3. Distance weighting under dry spell 

Three parameters are included to bound the target’s condition below 
based  on  the  proximity  to  any  river  channel  (Table  1).  Even  though 
flooding  is  a  significant  driver  of  ecological  health  in  floodplains, 
ecological targets sufficiently close to the river channel can maintain at 
least  a  minimum  condition  without  flooding.  The worst  condition  Cw 
becomes a variable and is calculated as: 

(cid:0)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific code repository link for a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the code repository link is located.