Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Development of a computationally efficient floodplain ecological response 
model for large-scale, data-sparse riparian environments 

J. Teng a, *, B. Croke b, c, D. Tan d, T. Iwanaga b, e, A.J. Jakeman b, C. Pollino a, D. Stratford a, 
J. Vaze a, W. Dawes a, P. Bridgeman f, A. Sengupta a 
a CSIRO Environment, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
b Institute for Water Futures, Fenner School of Environment and Society, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
c Institute for Water Futures, Mathematical Sciences Institute, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
d Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
e Australian Institute of Marine Science, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
f Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water, Canberra, ACT, Australia   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

was  used  as  ecological  targets  for  FERM.  Four  parameter  sets  were

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which specific data annotation techniques such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation were employed in this study.