Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

2.2. Study species

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

In  this  study,  we  aimed  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  PAM,  when 
coupled  with  automated  signal  recognition  software,  to  gain  insights 
into the ecology of species with very limited information available. More 
specifically, we aimed to (1) develop an index that is easy and fast to 
compute and transposable to other regions and taxa, to identify species 
for  which  we  have  a  clear  gap  of  knowledge.  We  also  aimed  to  (2) 
evaluate the use of automated signal recognition software as a feasible 
technique  for  monitoring  cryptic  and  nocturnal  bird  species  over  a 
complete annual cycle at multiple sites. Such evaluation may be useful 
for future monitoring programs aiming to use automated signal recog-
nition software. We have focused our study on a bird species living in 
tropical forests due to the high extinction risk of tropical birds (Brooks 
et al., 1999), but the lessons learned in this study might be useful for taxa

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain specific details about the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. However, it can be inferred from the context that the researchers used automated signal recognition software for their study. This suggests that they likely monitored the performance of their models using standard practices such as validation metrics or cross-validation techniques. Without more specific information, it cannot be determined exactly what methods were used to monitor the model performance during training.