Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Deep learning 
Optimization algorithms 
Image processing 
Remote sensing 
Land-use and land-cover classification 
Google Earth Engine

adjustable parameters that control network architecture, optimization 
procedure,  and  regularization.  Common  hyperparameters  include 
number of layers and nodes, learning rate, dropout rate, etc. However, 
optimizing  model hyperparameters  remains imperative  for leveraging

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhancing Land Cover/Land Use (LCLU) classification through a 
comparative analysis of hyperparameters optimization approaches for deep 
neural network (DNN) 

Ali Azedou a, b, *, Aouatif Amine a, Isaya Kisekka b, Said Lahssini c, Youness Bouziani d, 
Said Moukrim e 
a National School of Applied Sciences, Ibn Tofail University, B.P 241, Kenitra, Morocco 
b Land, Air and Water Resources Department, and Biological and Agricultural Engineering Department UC Davis, Davis, CA, USA 
c National School of Forestry Engineering, Sal´e 11000, Morocco 
d Faculty of sciences, Ibn Tofail University, Kenitra, Morocco 
e Research Center of Plant and Microbial Biotechnologies, Biodiversity and Environment, Faculty of Sciences, Mohammed V University in Rabat, Morocco   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

2.6. DNN architecture optimization strategy 

The  model  architecture  is  defined  by  the  number  of  layers  and 
neurons used for each layer. The arrangement of these two parameters 
strongly affects the predictive qualities of the model and it is a critical 
question that needs to be addressed in classification use cases (Ghanou 
and  Bencheikh,  2016;  Gupta  and  Raza,  2019).  Currently,  no  specific 
rules govern the optimal structure for a neural network (Zhang et al., 
2019).  However,  single-layer  neural  networks are  used  exclusively  to 
represent linearly separable functions, while multiple layers allow for 
greater  depth  that  results  in  better  generalization  for  more  complex 
problems (Goodfellow et al., 2016).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in this article is for Land Cover/Land Use (LCLU) classification. This is mentioned in the title of the paper, which states "Enhancing Land Cover/Land Use (LCLU) classification through a comparative analysis of hyperparameters optimization approaches for deep neural network (DNN)." Additionally, the abstract mentions that the study focuses on optimizing hyperparameters for improving the performance of deep neural networks in land-use and land-cover classification tasks. Furthermore, the section titled "2.6. DNN architecture optimization strategy" discusses how the model architecture, including the number of layers and neurons, impacts the predictive qualities of the model for classification use cases. Therefore, based on the given information, we can conclude that the purpose of the deep learning model is for LCLU classification.