Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Deep learning (DL) has become an advanced method in the field of 
computer science, but despite their high learning capacity, models based 
on DL often face a challenge called overfitting. To overcome the over-
fitting problem, deep neural networks must be supported by a significant 
amount of labeled data. Data augmentation (DA) technique is used as a 
basic  method  to  quantitatively  increase  and  diversify  training  data 
(Momeny et al., 2021; Momeny et al., 2023). DA is a technique in which 
the training set is artificially increased by creating modified copies of a 
dataset using the existing data. Using a designed set of DAs instead of 
simple  random  transformations  during  data  training  can  significantly 
improve  the  generalization  ability  of  the  network  (Hsia  et  al.,  2022; 
Jahanbakhshi et al., 2021a; Momeny et al., 2022). As the name suggests, 
automatic DA methods work automatically, and help us avoid the per-

As Fig. 3 shows, the data are first divided into five equal folds in the 
proposed  FAA-based approach.  After that,  policies will  augment each 
fold without repetition. Then, the CNN model starts to process the folds. 
In  the  next  step,  the  optimal  augment  policies  are  evaluated  and 
recognized. The output of each CNN is controlled by a Bayesian opti-
mizer. Weak policies are then removed by the controller and strong ones 
are selected. The process continues to find the optimal policies for data 
augmentation. 

2.3. The proposed approach (SCAM-Herb model) 

CNN-based methods have better performance in identifying plants, 
but still, based on data analysis and some previous research (Wang et al., 
2020, Azadnia et al., 2023), texture characteristics are very important. 
Therefore, more attention should be paid to the modules that consider 

Fig. 2. Images of three different classes of plants.

Precision = TP

TP + FP

Recall = TP

TP + FN

Specificity = TP

TP + FN

F1 (cid:0) score = 2 × Percision × Recall
Precision + Recall

3. Results 

(8)  

(9)  

(10)  

(11)  

(12)  

In this study, the fast auto-augmentation (FAA) method was applied 
to  improve  the  data.  An  improved  search  strategy  based  on  density 
matching allows FAA to discover effective augmentation policies. Thus, 
in this study, 80% of the total data (8640 images) were used for training 
and 20% (180 images) were used randomly to test the proposed SCAM- 
Herb model (Fig. 7).

formance limitations created by the human exploration methods. Fast 
AutoAugment  (FAA)  is  an  enhanced  Auto  augmentation  method  pre-
sented  by to automatically search for optimal DAs methods. FAA can 
minimize the computational complexity of DL and significantly improve 
performance in the image classification process. The method consists of 
controllers,  augmenters,  and  base  model.  The  controller  samples  the 
data augmentation policies from the searched space. The images of the 
dataset will be transformed with the new policy by the augmenter. A 
baseline  CNN  model  is  then  applied  to  train  the  augmented  images 
created with the new policy (Faryna et al., 2024; Jahanbakhshi et al., 
2021c).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details about the exact data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the fast auto-augmentation (FAA) method was used to improve the data. This method involves controllers sampling data augmentation policies from the searched space, and augmenters transforming the dataset images with the new policy. It also states that FAA minimizes the computational complexity of deep learning and improves performance in the image classification process. Therefore, while we cannot list the specific techniques such as flipping, rotating, or scaling, we can infer that various data augmentation techniques were employed through the use of the FAA method.