Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To  predict  the  distribution  of  the  study  species,  we  employed  an 
ensemble  modeling  approach  in  BIOMOD2  package  (Thuiller  et  al., 
2009) in R (R Development Core Team, 2014) (See text S1). With this 
approach,  we  weight  averaged  four  different  models,  including  one 
regression-based 
three 
machine-learning  (Maximun  entropy  (MaxEnt),  RF(Random  Forest), 
and  Support  Vector  Machines  (SVM))  models,  to  generate  a  final 
ensembled model for each species. To test for model performance, we 
employed cross-validationby using 70% of the dataset as training data to 
build  the  models  and  the  other  30%  as  testing  data  to  calculate  the 
models’  accuracy. The Area Under the Receiving Operator Character-
istics Curve is the index we used to specify the accuracy (AUC). AUC is a 
scale that ranges from 0.5 to 1.0. A higher AUC value indicates that the 
model  is  more  accurate  (Phillips  and  Dudík,  2008).  We  considered  a

2.5. Ensemble modeling 

and 

(Generalized 

Linear(GLM))

2.6. Climate scenarios 

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) (Pachauri 
et al., 2014) provided multiple Representative Concentration Pathways 
(RCPs)  for  predicting  climate  change  under  different  greenhouse  gas 
emission trajectories. We constructed habitat suitability models of the 
three species under the RCP2.6 (low emission) and RCP8.5 (high emis-
sion)  scenarios  using  the  same  modeling  method  and  with  the  same 
habitat variables described above. The predicted current niche models 
were projected into future climate conditions to identify range shifts in 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022473S. Rezaei et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

the present spatial range of the species under two RCPs for 2070.

Bio1 (Annual Mean Temperature) 
Bio4 (Temperature Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio17 (Precipitation of Driest Quarter) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
DRO (distance-to-roads) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio7 (Temperature Annual Range) 
DR (distance-to-rivers) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality)  

3. Results 

3.1. Model accuracy

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of their ensemble modeling approach, the authors employed cross-validation by using 70% of the dataset as training data to build the models and the remaining 30% as testing data to calculate the models' accuracy. Cross-validation is a technique used to assess how well a statistical model will generalize to an independent dataset. By dividing the available data into subsets, such as training and testing sets, researchers can evaluate the model's ability to accurately predict new or unseen data. In this case, the Area Under the Receiving Operator Characteristics Curve (AUC) was used as the index to specify the accuracy of the models. A higher AUC value indicates that the model is more accurate. This process helps to prevent overfitting, which occurs when a model learns the details and noise in the training data to the extent that it negatively impacts its performance on new data.