Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

equally biased (Phillips et al., 2009). This is achieved by transforming
the model input data using four approaches which can be categorized
according to two criteria: i) the dataset concerned with the transfor-
mation (presence sites or background sites); and ii) the implementation
spaces of the transformation (geographical or environmental space).
When the presence dataset is considered, the authors aim at modifying
its distribution to tend toward a uniform distribution, and the back-
ground set is obtained via a uniform random selection. The im-
plementation space of such an approach is either the geographical space
(see for example Boria et al., 2014; Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013) or en-
vironmental feature space (see Fourcade et al., 2014; Varela et al.,
2014). This approach seems to be eﬀective, but requires many presence
sites (Fourcade et al., 2014). When the background set is considered, it
is built according to a selection bias that reﬂects the same sampling bias

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information about the use of any specific deep learning model like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Instead, it discusses Species Distribution Models (SDMs) and their performance based on factors such as sample size, sampling bias, and correction methods. Therefore, I cannot determine what type of deep learning model is used in this case.