Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Perhaps  more  promising,  however,  are  emerging  methods  that 
incorporate  the  human  ability  to  see  patterns  with  machine  learning 
methods used for classification, for example “human in the loop” clas-
sification (Buscombe et al., 2022). This could speed up the classification 
of  larger  areas,  and  might  also  enable  finer  classification  of  woody 
vegetation,  especially  in  the  NAIP  imagery.  This  method  could  be 
particularly successful using the four-band spectral information in the 
images  from  2009-present  to  try  to  differentiate  vegetation  types. 
Another possibility would be to use the Normalized Difference Vegeta-
tion  Index  (NDVI)  for  the  four-band  imagery  to  aid  in  classification.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, it discusses the application of machine learning methods for image classification tasks, specifically in the context of ecological studies. The authors mention the use of "human in the loop" classification, which suggests the involvement of active learning or semi-supervised learning approaches. They also highlight the potential benefits of incorporating additional sources of information like online spectral libraries or other remote sensing products to improve the accuracy of classifications. Furthermore, the text emphasizes the importance of high-quality input data and cautions against relying solely on automated methods when dealing with historical imagery due to its variability. In summary, while the context does not directly address optimization techniques used in deep learning pipelines, it focuses on various aspects of applying machine learning methods for image classification tasks in ecology.