Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population 
time series 

Guiming Wang a, *, Xueyan Shan b, c 
a Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
b Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Entomology and Plant Pathology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
c Institute for Genomics, Biocomputing & Biotechnology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Dynamic time warming 
Hierarchical clustering 
Machine learning 
State space model 
Trend analysis

2.4. Gompertz population models for the feature extractions of population 
time series 

We used the natural log transformations of the number (Nt) of rabbits 

(cid:0)

0, σ2
u

)
. The variance σ2

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (i.e., train, test, validation). However, common practices include splitting the dataset into three parts: training set, validation set, and testing set. The training set is used to fit the model, while the validation set is used to tune hyperparameters during the training process. Finally, the testing set is used to evaluate the performance of the trained model. The proportion of each split can vary depending on the size of the dataset and the problem being addressed. Common splits include 80% for training, 10% for validation, and 10% for testing or 70% for training, 15% for validation, and 15% for testing.