Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Active  learning  iterations  used  a  batch  size  of  64,  ten  epochs  and 
learning rate of 0.001. We used a grid search technique (Mohri et al., 
2018) to tune hyperparameters of the final model including the number 
of epochs, batch size and learning rate. 

2.3.3. Active learning framework 

We  applied  an  active  learning  approach  to  iteratively  train  and 
improve  the  CNN  model.  The  active  learning  approach  is  depicted 
within Fig. 3 and described below.

Sankupellay, M., Konovalov, D., 2018. Bird call recognition using deep convolutional 

neural network, ResNet-50. In: Proceedings of Acoustics. 

Sekercioglu, C.H., et al., 2008. Climate change, elevational range shifts, and bird 

extinctions. Conserv. Biol. 22 (1), 140–150. 

Settles, B., Craven, M., 2008. An analysis of active learning strategies for sequence 

labeling tasks. In: Proceedings of the 2008 Conference on Empirical Methods in 
Natural Language Processing, pp. 1070–1079. 

Teixeira, D., et al., 2022. Fledge or fail: Nest monitoring of endangered black-cockatoos 
using bioacoustics and open-source call recognition. Ecol. Inform. 69, 101656. 
Thakur, A., Thapar, D., Rajan, P., Nigam, A., 2019. Deep metric learning for bioacoustic 

classification: Overcoming training data scarcity using dynamic triplet loss. 
J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 146 (1), 534–547. 

Threatened Species Scientific Committee (TSSC), 2005. Commonwealth Listing Advice

Active learning is a powerful method for bioacoustic deep learning, 
but it poses certain challenges that deviate from the ‘standard recipe’ of 
bioacoustic deep learning described by Stowell (2022). One challenge is 
that the active learning process biases labelled data to the model since 
the model’s predictions guide the annotation process. Resulting labels 
therefore cannot be used in the model’s evaluation (Ricci et al., 2022; 
Roh  et  al.,  2019).  Chambert  et  al.  (2018)  and  Ruff  et  al.  (2020) 
addressed this issue by selecting audio frames for review post-processing 
based on their model’s predictions. We extended this approach to ac-
count  for  a  highly  imbalanced  dataset.  Evaluation  of  a  highly  imbal-
anced dataset through random selection alone would require unfeasibly 
large numbers of audio frames to be manually reviewed to ensure suf-
ficient  target  calls  were  captured  to  give  reliable  evaluation  metrics

5. Conclusions 

Our study investigated the efficacy of active learning as a framework 
for  building deep  learning models  in a  setting  where  limited  training 
data were available and the cost to obtain training data was high. Using 
field  recordings  of  a  threatened  species,  the  southern  black-throated 
finch,  we  successfully  developed  and  demonstrated  the  value  of  an 
open  access  active  learning  method  that  considered  imbalanced  and 
unlabelled data and ambiguous vocalisations, which are common bar-
riers to constructing call recognition models for rare or cryptic species, 
and other species that vocalise infrequently. Our results demonstrate the 
utility of these methods in developing effective call recognisers for rare 
and difficult to survey species.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I am unable to provide the requested information. It may be helpful to refer directly to the original source material or contact the authors for further clarification.