Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

However,  the  rise  of  cheap  and  powerful  sensors  has  created  an 
ever-increasing data glut.  To be effective, these new tools must be 
coupled  with  new  automated  approaches  to  processing  and 
analyzing wildlife data streams. 

Here we describe examples of how we are leveraging advances in 
the areas of big data and deep learning to help researchers extract 
meaningful  information  from  the  torrent  of  new  sensor  data,  and 
improve the adaptive management of natural systems. 

4. DEEP LEARNING FOR 

BIODIVERSITY  
4.1.Big data infrastructure

all  based  on  the  lower  level  representations  learned  in  previous 
layers. These  models  are  completely  trainable  from  data,  usually 
in a supervised fashion, such that the learning algorithm (usually 
stochastic  gradient  decent),  is  told  what  the  desired  output  is  for 
each input data sample.

analysts.  Second,  using  machine  learning  (ML)  techniques,  such 
as  deep  learning  (DL),  we  progressively  train  computational 
models  to  detect  and  classify  events  of  interest,  and  reduce  the 
amount of wildlife data reviewed by human analysts by orders of 
magnitude.

See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/282290618

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

Conference Paper · September 2015

DOI: 10.13140/RG.2.1.1051.7201

CITATIONS
26

3 authors:

David J Klein

45 PUBLICATIONS   2,299 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

Bernie Tershy

University of California, Santa Cruz

162 PUBLICATIONS   10,146 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

READS
1,677

Matthew Mckown

Conservation Metrics, Inc.

19 PUBLICATIONS   545 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

All content following this page was uploaded by Bernie Tershy on 29 September 2015.

The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

Boomberg data for good 2015 http://first.bloomberglp.com/documents/d4gx/Environment.zip

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

David J. Klein

Matthew W. McKown

Bernie R. Tershy

Conservation Metrics, Inc. 
100 Shaffer Rd. 
Santa Cruz, CA 95060

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not contain specific details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the exact steps taken for model serialization or platform selection. However, generally speaking, after training a deep learning model, it can be serialized into a format like ONNX (Open Neural Network Exchange) or saved as a checkpoint file. This allows the model to be easily loaded and used for predictions. As for platform selection, popular choices include cloud platforms like AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which offer services for hosting and managing machine learning models. Local servers or edge devices can also be used depending on the application requirements.