Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

those conditions (Gutzwiller and Serno, 2023; Muckley et al., 2023). We 
expected that creating a mask to delineate the “area of applicability” for 
the trained model (Meyer and Pebesma, 2021) would successfully filter 
out a significant portion of regions lacking training data, particularly in

3.1. Distribution of predictor variable values 

Thirty-two percent of the 660 trapping locations had at least one fly 
trapped every eight days. The distribution of predictor variables at the 
trap level represented only a fraction of the broader range found within 
Kenya for most of the variables (Fig. 2). For example, temperature is a 
key factor influencing tsetse population dynamics (Are and Hargrove, 
2020)  and  the  range  of  daytime  land  surface  temperature  within  our 
dataset is ~30 
C. This 
implies that extrapolating the trained model to areas where predictor 
variables  have  values  outside  the  training  data  range,  may  result  in 
underestimation  or  overestimation  of  tsetse  relative  abundance, 
depending on how those variables influence the relative abundance of 
tsetse. 

C while in larger Kenya it is ~20 

C–45 

C–50 

◦

◦

◦

◦

prevent  potential  performance  degradation  of  the  model  and  avoids 
overfitting, which can limit the ability to make good extrapolations to 
unseen regions (Duque-Lazo et al., 2016). In this study, we employed 
two common variable elimination techniques for random forests: 1) RFE 
(Recursive  Feature  Elimination,  Khun,  2022)  and  2)VSURF  (Variable 
Selection Using Random Forests; Genuer et al., 2022). In RFE, the user 
defines a termination condition for model performance, and the algo-
rithm  iteratively  removes  one  variable  at  a  time  while  evaluating  its 
impact  on  the  model’s  performance.  This  process  continues  until  the 
algorithm reaches the best predefined level of model performance. In 
this study, Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) was used as the termination 
condition. As a result, RFE retained all variables whose removal led to a 
deterioration in the best RMSE value. VSURF follows a three-step pro-

Keshavamurthy, R., Dixon, S., Pazdernik, K.T., Charles, L.E., 2022. Predicting infectious 
disease for biopreparedness and response: a systematic review of machine learning 
and deep learning approaches. One Health 15, 100439. https://doi.org/10.1016/J. 
ONEHLT.2022.100439. 

Khun, M., 2022. Classification and Regression Training: Package caret. Available at: http 
s://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/caret/caret.pdf (Accessed: 26 January 2023).  
Laaksonen, M., Sajanti, E., Sormunen, J.J., Penttinen, R., H¨anninen, J., Ruohom¨aki, K., 
et al., 2017. Crowdsourcing-based nationwide tick collection reveals the distribution 
of Ixodes ricinus and I. persulcatus and associated pathogens in Finland. Emerg. 
Microb. Infect. 6 (5) https://doi.org/10.1038/EMI.2017.17.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves using two common variable elimination techniques for random forests: Recursive Feature Elimination (RFE) and Variable Selection Using Random Forests (VSURF).

In RFE, the user defines a termination condition for model performance, and the algorithm iteratively removes one variable at a time while evaluating its impact on the model’s performance. This process continues until the algorithm reaches the best predefined level of model performance. In this study, Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) was used as the termination condition. As a result, RFE retained all variables whose removal led to a deterioration in the best RMSE value.

VSURF follows a three-step procedure, but specific details about its implementation are not mentioned in the given context. However, both methods aim to improve the model's performance by selecting relevant features and removing redundant ones, thus preventing potential performance degradation and avoiding overfitting.