Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Various research studies, reviewed in the next section, aimed
at deep learning methods for plant species identiﬁcation. How-
ever, these studies focused on utilizing complex deep models,
such as InceptionV3, AlexNet, and VGG-16, which require a
considerable number of iterations and computation power to
train the network. Moreover, the existing plant identiﬁcation
applications such as PictureThis [11] and Pl@ntNet [12] de-
pend upon the network connection to evaluate the captured im-
age by analyzing trained models on servers. These applications
fail in remote forestry areas where mobile networks provide
limited/no patchy connection [13]. Due to low power and
computation capabilities, a model with reduced computation

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on August 29,2024 at 05:51:17 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply.

CNN comes with the disadvantages of a huge number
of labelled training samples requirement for weighting pa-
rameters and powerful GPUs for a faster learning process.
With limited training samples, learning too many parameters
directly will result in overﬁtting even after using over-ﬁtting
prevention techniques such as Dropout [7]. Overﬁtting of a
machine learning model includes more terms and uses more
complicated approaches than necessary [8]. To make deep
CNN ﬁt for small datasets while keeping high accuracy is
a challenge. To overcome this challenge, transfer learning [9]
offers the solution, which implies reusing previously attained
knowledge in similar tasks. Some studies analyzed the use
of transfer learning for many deep learning algorithms. These
evaluations [10] concluded that transfer learning improves the
accuracy of deep learning models, which apply deep features
and ﬁne-tuning.

App Development: For tree species identiﬁcation in a remote
area, an end-user app is essential. For the app development,
Android Studio [39] was used. The saved models were
converted into the TensorFlow Lite [40] version using the
TensorFlow Lite converter. TensorFlow Lite is a set of tools
to perform deep learning on smartphone and IoT devices. The
architecture of the mobile app is shown in Fig. 4. The squares
marked with dotted red will be included in future iterations.
The size of the models based on MobileNetV3-Large and
MobileNetV3-Small was 4.88 MB and 1.99 MB, respectively,
which are lightweight compared to AlexNet (227.5 MB) [27].
The app is developed using the Java programming language.
The leaf detection module in the app contains a Tensorﬂow
Lite interpreter for the TensorFlow Lite model.
App Testing: For testing the application, Android studio
comes with built-in phone emulators, or the app could be
deployed to an actual device. From an online search, we

[11] “plant encyclopedia + catalogue of plant + taxonomic tree.” https://plant.

picturethisai.com/en/plant, accessed: 04.22.2021.

[12] “Accueil - pl@ntnet,” https://plantnet.org/en, accessed: 04.22.2021.
[13] R. Abozariba, E. Davies, M. Broadbent, and N. Race, “Evaluating the
real-world performance of 5G ﬁxed wireless broadband in rural areas,”
in 2019 IEEE 2nd 5G World Forum (5GWF).
IEEE, 2019, pp. 465–470.
[14] A. G. Howard, M. Zhu, B. Chen, D. Kalenichenko, W. Wang,
T. Weyand, M. Andreetto, and H. Adam, “Mobilenets: Efﬁcient convo-
lutional neural networks for mobile vision applications,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:1704.04861, 2017.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to determine the specific data repository link of the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context. It would be best if you referred back to the original source material or contact the authors directly for further clarification.