Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

is training and storing models using an interface provided by the site and 
its computational resources.

4.  A modular classification scheme. A taxonomic classification system 
requires  training data  that includes  at  least  hundreds  of  manually 
labeled individuals per class. Thus, a general purpose, yet high res-
olution, system for taxonomic classification is probably not feasible. 
Instead we envision a (gradually growing) set of custom-made AI- 
based classification models. Labeling of individual insects by experts 
is  already  implemented  in  STARdbi,  but  the  other  aspects  of  this 
vision - training, storage, retrieval and application of classification 
models  -  are  not  yet  operational.  We  are  already  creating  task- 
specific  classifiers  on  users’  requests.  The  performance  of  such  a 
classifier is presented in the Results section as case study 1.

A  major  component  that  is  still  missing  from  STARdbi  is  insect 
classification and identification. It is a standard image processing task, 
and we (as well as others) provide stand-alone tools to train and use AI- 
models to complete it (see case study 1 above). However, integrating 
these utilities into the STARdbi infrastructure is a challenge. An all-in- 
one model, which identifies all the species that are of interest to any 
entomologist, is probably not feasible. There are far too many of them. 
Instead, we will have to make do with multiple models, each identifying 
either a wide range of low-resolution taxa (e.g., orders), a hierarchy of 
taxomonic  levels  (Bjerge  et  al.,  2023),  or  a  limited  number  of  focal 
species. Allowing users to upload their own models is, unfortunately, a 
major cyber-security threat, as such models are full-fledged programs 
that may hide malware. The alternative, towards which we are leaning,

deep learning classification method. J. Appl. Entomol. 145 (3), 206–222. https:// 
doi.org/10.1111/jen.12834. 

Rustia, D.J.A., Chiu, L.Y., Lu, C.Y., Wu, Y.F., Chen, S.K., Chung, J.Y., Lin, T.T., 2022. 
Towards intelligent and integrated pest management through an AIoT-based 
monitoring system. Pest Manag. Sci. 78 (10), 4288–4302. https://doi.org/10.1002/ 
ps.7048. 

Salamut, C., Kohnert, I., Landwehr, N., Pflanz, M., Schirrmann, M., Zare, M., 2023. Deep 
learning object detection for image analysis of cherry fruit fly (Rhagoletis cerasi L.) on 
yellow sticky traps. Gesunde Pflanzen 75, 37–48. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10343- 
022-00794-0. 

S´anchez-Bayo, F., Wyckhuys, K.A.G., 2019. Worldwide decline of the entomofauna: a 

review of its drivers. Biol. Conserv. 232, 8–27. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
biocon.2019.01.020. 

Schneider, S., Taylor, G.W., Kremer, S.C., Burgess, P., McGroarty, J., Mitsui, K.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention which specific deep learning frameworks are used to build the models. However, given that the authors reference several recent publications related to deep learning applications in entomology, it can be inferred that they might be employing popular deep learning libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or Keras. These libraries are widely used in academia and industry for building and deploying deep learning models. Nevertheless, without explicit information about the frameworks used, one cannot definitively state which ones were employed in developing the models mentioned in the provided context.