Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

images  that  need  to  be  reviewed  and  analyzed  (Norouzzadeh  et  al., 
2018; Swanson et al., 2015). These data processing tasks often represent 
a significant bottleneck in the research process from the collection of 
images  to  having  useful  information  to  answer  research  questions.  In 
response  to this challenge, many have  turned  to the field  of artificial 
intelligence (AI) to build computer vision models that leverage machine 
learning to help automate these data processing tasks (Christin et al., 
2019; Miao et al., 2019; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; S. Schneider et al., 
2018; Tabak et al., 2019; Thomson et al., 2018; Tuia et al., 2022; V´elez 
et  al.,  2022).  With  rapid  adoption  and  advancement  of  automated 
methods,  the  time-consuming  burden  of  manually  reviewing  and  la-
beling images has been significantly reduced, ultimately reducing the 
lag between data collection and application and alleviating some of the

As  the  capacity  to  collect  and  store  large  amounts  of  data  expands,  identifying  and  evaluating  strategies  to 
efficiently convert raw data into meaningful information is increasingly necessary. Across disciplines, this data 
processing task has become a significant challenge, delaying progress and actionable insights. In ecology, the 
growing use of camera traps (i.e., remotely triggered cameras) to collect information on wildlife has led to an 
enormous volume of raw data (i.e., images) in need of review and annotation. To expedite camera trap image 
processing,  many  have  turned  to  the  field  of  artificial  intelligence  (AI)  and  use  machine  learning  models  to 
automate tasks such as detecting and classifying wildlife in images. To contribute understanding of the utility of 
AI tools for processing wildlife camera trap images, we evaluated the performance of a state-of-the-art computer

which camera trap model(s) to use and how many to budget for, inform 
how  to  distribute  cameras  on  the  landscape,  and/or  provide  spatial 
context by which to interpret data (e.g., were there a greater number of 
animal  detections  at  a  particular  location  because  it  was  more  used/

Network (Faster R-CNN) which first seeks to identify all regions in an 
image  that  contain  an  object  and  then  examines  attributes  of  those 
specific regions to assign objects to a particular class (Ren et al., 2015). 
In other words, the model first searches the image to determine areas 
that  contain  an  object  not  part  of  the  background  scene  and  draws 
bounding boxes around those objects. Then, each object is reviewed and 
assigned  an  object  classification  and  confidence  value  indicating  the 
model's confidence in the selected object class. MegaDetector has been 
trained  using  hundreds  of  thousands  of  images  labeled  by  manual 
human review from a wide variety of ecosystems and classifies objects as 
either an animal (any non-human animal), human (any person), or truck 
(any vehicle) (Beery et al., 2019; Microsoft and for Earth., 2020). This 
two-step  process  of  Faster  R-CNNs  leads  to  slower  processing  speeds

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly mention which specific frameworks are used to build the deep learning model. However, one can infer that the Faster Region-based Convolutional Neural Network (Faster R-CNN) is employed as the underlying architecture for the model. While the text does not specify whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or another framework is used to implement Faster R-CNN, both TensorFlow and PyTorch offer pre-built modules for implementing this type of network. Therefore, either TensorFlow or PyTorch could potentially be utilized to develop the deep learning model described in the given context.