Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Model Training
Deep learning models
iteratively: generating
learn data
predictions of the training set samples, evaluating them by

3https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/tree/v4.0
4https://cocodataset.org/#home

the loss function, and modifying their parameters according
to the loss function’s gradient. Thus,
the loss declines in
each training round (aka epoch), and the model’s annotation
accuracy increases (Figure 2 and Supplementary Figure 1).
As the number of parameters of a typical deep learning
model
is large, overﬁtting is a major concern. A common
(partial) remedy is the use of validation data, which are set-
aside while training, yet their annotations by the models are
the training
monitored. The validation data help to limit
duration, thereby reducing the risk of overﬁtting. In this study
we used 30 epochs per training task, based on our validation
runs (Figure 2).
The data of

34.56588

July, 2020

46

10

10

10

8

10

10

and to label them correctly. For the training and testing of the
method we used labeled images, which were divided to three
subsets: “training,” “validation,” and “test.” In the training phase
the algorithm uses the “training” and “validation” sets to create
a statistical model. In the test phase we apply the model to
the “test” set images, ignoring their labels. Each predicted label
is associated with a conﬁdence score that considers both the
probability that the label is correct, and the expected overlap
between the ground truth bounding box and the predicted one.
This overlap is expressed as the Intersection over union (IoU),
indicating the agreement between a predicted bounding box and
a ground truth box (Eq. 1).

FIGURE 2 | The training process of the YOLOv5 model. The left panel depicts the loss function that drives the learning process. This function penalizes incorrect
predictions of the three focal species as well as missed ones. The learning consists of iterative reduction of this penalty for the training set images (blue) by a
stochastic gradient algorithm (Ruder, 2016). The validation set images (red) do not participate in the optimization and the gradual reduction in their loss indicates that
the training has not reached an overﬁtting point. The validation loss stabilizes after 30 epochs, suggesting that further training might lead to overﬁtting. Thus, the
deep learning model generated by 30 training epochs was used for tests. A different perspective on the gradually improving performance of the model is provided in
the right panel. The model’s average precision (AP) improves with the number of training epochs. The plot depicts the model’s mean AP (mAP) over the three insect
classes.

INTRODUCTION

State of the Art: Machine Learning for
Insect Ecoinformatics
Ecologists strive to document and interpret the abundance
and distribution of organisms. Field observations are a major
means to this end, and the observational data that have
accumulated over the decades form a solid basis for our
view of ecosystems. In recent years, technological advances
enabled the solidiﬁcation of observational ecology into a
new scientiﬁc branch, ecoinformatics, which applies big-data
methods to ecological questions (Rosenheim and Gratton, 2017).
Ecoinformatics focuses on curating and mining large databases,
collected over long time periods across multiple locations (see
the GBIF Home Page1). The available data vary in format and
reliability (Gueta and Carmel, 2016) as they originate from
multiple sources, such as long-term ecological monitoring (Lister
and Garcia, 2018), citizen science projects (Hallmann et al., 2017),
or museum catalogs (Short et al., 2018).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

For the purpose of training and testing a deep learning model, the dataset is typically divided into three subsets: 'training', 'validation', and 'test'. The 'training' subset is used to build the initial model, where the model learns patterns within the data. The 'validation' subset is utilized during the training process to fine-tune the model's hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. Overfitting occurs when the model becomes too complex and starts fitting the noise in the training data instead of generalizing the underlying pattern. By using the 'validation' subset, the model can be evaluated periodically throughout the training process to ensure it maintains its ability to generalize. Lastly, the 'test' subset is employed once the final model has been trained to evaluate its overall performance and accuracy. It provides an unbiased evaluation of the model since it hasn't seen these data before.