Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the workflow include a separate import of the image and the application of a set of colour ramp palettes and (ii) 
albeit being well  documented, there  are many steps to be done  before plotting an image with  a colour blind 
friendly ramp palette. The function described in this paper, on the contrary, allows to (i) automatically call the 
image inside the function without any initial import step and (ii) explicitly refer to the colour blind deficiency 
type being experienced, to further automatically apply the proper colour ramp palette.

green to yellow, all colours that can easily be seen; and for tritanopia, 
the magma colour ramp palette is used to avoid the use of pure blue. As 
previously stated, this is in line with the simulation screen figure of the 
‘Jardin des Plantes’  (photo: Jean Le Rohellec; Grande Galerie, FNAC)

That  is  why  we  avoided,  at  the  time  being,  a  test  with  colour  blind

an image with a colour blind friendly ramp palette.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the criteria used to determine when training is complete or any reference to validation loss plateaus. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based solely on the given text. However, generally speaking, some common criteria used to determine when training is complete in machine learning models include reaching a predefined number of epochs, achieving a desired level of performance on a validation dataset, observing no significant improvement in validation loss over several epochs (validation loss plateau), or meeting other user-specified conditions.