Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

(5) 

(a)

(b)

IV. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

The  experiment  is  performed  on  the  UAV  hyperspectral 
image  described  in  section  II.  There  are  ten  different  land-
cover  classes  in  the  captured  UAV  hyperspectral  image  as 
shown in Table I. Considering it is hard to label hyperspectral 
image in the real world, we split the labeled pixels of UAV 
hyperspectral image into the training set and test set with the 
ratio 1:9. The training samples were used to learn the weights 
and  biases  of  the  network,  and  the  test  samples  are  used  to 
evaluate the classification performance.

In  this  paper,  we  propose  a  spectral–spatial  paralleled 
convolutional  neural  network(SSPCNN)  to  solve  the  UAV 
HSI classification task .The SSPCNN integrates the 1-D-CNN 
and 2-D-CNN to simultaneously extract the features of HSI 
for  classification.  Then  the  SSPCNN  is  applied  to  the 
hyperspectral image captured by the unmanned aerial vehicle 
(UAV) for forest species classification and mapping. 

The rest of this article is arranged as follows: Section II 
describes the UAV HSI data adopted in this paper; Section III 
presents the proposed SSPCNN framework; The experiments 
and  analysis  is  detailed  in  Section  IV;  Conclusions  are 
summarized in  Section V. 

II. UAV  HYPERSPECTRAL IMAGE

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the provided context whether the model was deployed using platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.