Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

process.

References

Brocca, L., Tarpanelli, A., Filippucci, P., Dorigo, W., Zaussinger, F., Gruber, A.,
Fern´andez-Prieto, D., 2018a. How much water is used for irrigation? A new
approach exploiting coarse resolution satellite soil moisture products. Int. J. Appl.
Earth Obs. Geoinf. 73, 752–766. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jag.2018.08.023.

Brocca, L., Tarpanelli, A., Filippucci, P., Dorigo, W., Zaussinger, F., Gruber, A.,
Fern´andez-Prieto, D., 2018b. How much water is used for irrigation? A new
approach exploiting coarse resolution satellite soil moisture products. Int. J. Appl.
Earth Obs. Geoinf. 73, 752–766. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jag.2018.08.023.
Buchanan, B.P., Fleming, M., Schneider, R.L., Richards, B.K., Archibald, J., Qiu, Z.,
Walter, M.T., 2014, August 28. Evaluating topographic wetness indices across
Central New York agricultural landscapes. Hydrol. Earth Syst. Sci. 18 (8),
3279–3299. https://doi.org/10.5194/hess-18-3279-2014.

geomorphological, and engineering analyses to assess the potential risks
of erosion and sediment deposition in watercourses (De Roo, 1998).

to 3.0 m spatial resolution. For the purpose of this study one cloud-free
imagery collected on 2020-08-22 was used.

2.4. Satellite data

2.5. Developing predictive model

PlanetScope is a large constellation of nanosatellites capable of im-
aging the globe daily, offering more opportunities for cloud-free images.
The first groups of PlanetScope satellites were launched in 2015, and the
constellation currently consists of >180 satellites placed in helio-
synchronous orbits. The satellites have digital cameras that offer four
spectral bands: red, green, blue, and infrared, with a spatial resolution of
3.7 m at the nadir, where the nadir is defined as the point on the Earth’s
surface directly below the satellite. For end users, imagery is re-sampled

Fig. 2. Spatial distribution of explanatory variables used for development of predictive model.

2.3. ALS data

ALS point clouds were downloaded through the official website of
the General Office of Geodesy and Cartography (GUGiK), the Geoportal
for Spatial Information Infrastructure (https://www.geoportal.gov.pl;
Table 1). The portal provides free spatial data. Geoportal complies with
the INSPIRE Directive, an initiative to make spatial data available in
Europe, which aims to create a harmonized spatial information system
in the European Union (Directive 2007/2/EC 2007). The parameters of
ALS data are shown in Table 1.

• The model suggests that grassland shows exhibits high VWC, con-
firming importance of vegetation cover in water storage capacity.
• The developed model provides a useful foundation for understanding
water retention patterns on the coal mining heap, aiding the recla-
mation planning, and monitoring the success of the restoration.
• Investigating temporal VWC dynamics using time-series satellite
imagery will reveal seasonal and inter-annual variations. The
model’s applicability can be assessed by extending it to other post-
mining sites or regions. Integrating the model into decision support
tools will enable real-time monitoring and management of post-
mining landscapes. Exploring machine learning algorithms could
further improve predictive power and uncover hidden relationships
within the dataset.

Funding

Narodowe Centrum Nauki, Grant/Award, Number: 2020/39/B/

ST10/00862

Ethical approval

Not applicable.

Consent to participate

Not applicable.

Consent for publication

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was utilized.