Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

information usable as annotations for network training.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025165M. K¨orschens et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Fig. 4. The basic 3-phase processing pipeline for training our network. In the first phase, a classification network is trained using GBIF image data, which applies 
class activation mapping to generate weak segmentation maps. In the second phase, these maps are used for training a segmentation network on the GBIF image data. 
In the third phase, the networks weights can be used to either train a plant cover prediction network on the actual vegetation data (like the InsectArmageddon 
dataset), or the network can be applied directly to vegetation data to generate zero-shot predictions without any training on plant cover annotations. Image adapted 
from K¨orschens et al. (2021b).

To  train  the  network,  we  follow  the  base  method  proposed  in 
K¨orschens et al. (2021b). This approach, which we will refer to as seg-
mentation  pre-training,  is  motivated  by  four  aspects.  First,  there  is 
usually only little training data available for plant cover estimation data, 
as  annotating  such  images  is  highly  laborious.  CNNs  usually  require 
large amounts of training data to perform well. Therefore, it would be 
advantageous to be able to utilize additional external training data to 
improve  the  training  results.  Second,  transfer  learning,  the  task  of 
training the network on larger datasets first, followed by fine-tuning the 
network on the target task, has been shown to improve the performance 
of  CNNs  drastically  (Kornblith  et  al.,  2019).  Third,  in  previous  in-
vestigations (K¨orschens et al., 2021a) also found that performing pre- 
training  on  domain-related  image  data  (e.g.,  images  containing  the

extract  plant  cover  information  without  training  on  actual  annotated 
plant cover data. 

2.3.1. Base network

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit details about the postprocessing steps involved after the model training. However, based on general machine learning practices and the mentioned use of class activation mapping (CAM) in generating weak segmentation maps during the training process, one could infer potential postprocessing steps. These might include creating saliency maps from CAM outputs to visualize important regions contributing to the model's decisions. Additionally, calculating metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc., may help evaluate the model's performance. A confusion matrix could also be generated to understand false positives and negatives better. Nevertheless, specific postprocessing steps depend on the project requirements and objectives.