Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

classification outcomes from our experiment; and (3) Evaluate the ef-
fects  of  ML  model  performance  on  tagging  efficiency,  including  an 
assessment  of  the  overall  utility  of  the  ML  bounding  box  model  for 
accelerating the data labelling process. 

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Objective 1: perform tagging efficiency experiment

Maine, USA (January–September 2022) using three tagging methods (one with ML bounding box assistance and 
two  without  assistance).  We  used  a  generalized  linear  mixed  model  to  examine  the  influence  of  ML  model 
performance  and  tagging  method  on  tagging  efficiency.  We  found  that  ML  bounding  boxes  offer  significant 
improvement in tagging efficiency when labelling data compared to unassisted tagging. Additionally, the time 
taken to label with bounding boxes was not statistically different from an unassisted tagging approach. However, 
we  found  that  gains  in  efficiency  are  contingent  on  the  ML  algorithm’s  performance  and  that  incorrect  ML 
predictions, particularly the 4.2% false positive and 3.6% false negative predictions, can slow the tagging process 
compared to a non-hybrid approach. These findings indicate that although practitioners usually forgo the pro-

Fig.  3. Confusion  matrix  showing  the  percentage  of  true  positive  (upper-left 
quadrant),  false  positive  (upper-right  quadrant),  false  negative  (lower-left 
quadrant),  and  true  negative  (lower-right  quadrant)  classification  outcomes 
observed during the experiment. 

3.3. Objective 3: evaluate the effects of ML model performance on tagging 
efficiency

We used the R package glmmTMB (Magnusson et al., 2017) to fit the 
model, and the R package DHARMa (Hartig, 2022) to evaluate the fit of 
the GLMM. The DHARMa package uses simulation-based dispersion and 
outlier  tests  to  assess  goodness-of-fit.  Beta  coefficients  and  standard 
errors  from  the  fitted GLMM  were then  used  to create  confidence  in-
tervals for each permutation of classification outcome and treatment, as 
discussed in the following section. 

3. Results 

3.1. Objective 1: perform tagging efficiency experiment

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The materials and methods section does not provide information on how the hyperparameters of the machine learning (ML) model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether techniques such as grid search or random search were employed. Further details would be required to accurately address this query.