Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

One  of  the  most  valuable  tools  developed  in  recent  years  is  deep 
learning models which have been used for the tasks mentioned above

Continuous  bioacoustic  monitoring  is  an  emerging  opportunity  as  well  as  a  challenge,  allowing  detection  of 
cryptic species' activity while producing high computational demands. In this paper, we present an automated 
framework that allows the monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over extended 
periods. The framework relies on the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model. We applied the framework to >80 
species; 20 species with the highest recall scores were selected for further analysis.

In this paper, we present an automated framework that allows the 
monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over 
extended periods and across various time scales. The framework relies 
on the BirdNET Analyzer deep learning model (BirdNET-Analyzer, n.d.), 

* Corresponding author at: Dept. of Computer Science, Tel-Hai College, Upper Galilee 12210, Israel. 

E-mail address: yizharle@telhai.ac.il (Y. Lavner).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102528 
Received 4 October 2023; Received in revised form 12 February 2024; Accepted 15 February 2024

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

The bioacoustic soundscape of a pandemic: Continuous annual monitoring 
using a deep learning system in Agmon Hula Lake Park 

Yizhar Lavner a, *, Ronen Melamed a, Moshe Bashan b, Yoni Vortman c,d 
a Department of Computer Science, Tel-Hai College, Israel 
b Department of Biotechnology, Tel-Hai College, Israel 
c Hula Research Center, Department of Animal Sciences, Tel-Hai College, Israel 
d MIGAL–Galilee Research Institute, Kiryat Shmona, Israel   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Long-term bird monitoring 
BirdNET 
Deep learning 
Bioacoustics 
Passive acoustic monitoring 
Avian influenza

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The authors do not explicitly mention the specific method or device used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, they discuss using continuous bioacoustic monitoring, which suggests the use of audio recording devices such as microphones or other types of sensors capable of capturing bird vocalizations. These recordings would then be fed into the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model for processing and analysis. It can also be inferred from the context that the data collection process likely involves long-term passive acoustic monitoring, given the focus on detecting cryptic species' activities and analyzing avian influenza patterns.