Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bootstrapping 
Generalised linear model 
Machine learning 
Multi-scale 
Random forest 
Species distribution modelling

A key point in machine learning is represented by the data, not only 
by the algorithms. The structure of the training data can have profound 
and critical effects on the outcomes of models trained with the RF al-
gorithm. While this is an important point which is worthy of evaluation, 
our dataset was limited to a collection of camera trap data on several 
species which makes it difficult to comprehensively compare the effects 
of the data and its structure. We note that this is better explored with 
simulation, as in a recent paper from our group (Kumar et al., 2021) 
which  indeed  showed  that  the  spatial  pattern  and  shape  of  the  envi-
ronmental manifold itself affects performance of GLM and RF. 

5. Conclusions

Species Distribution Models (SDMs) are a powerful tool to derive habitat suitability predictions relating species 
occurrence data with habitat features. Two of the most frequently applied algorithms to model species-habitat 
relationships  are  Generalised  Linear  Models  (GLM)  and  Random  Forest  (RF).  The  former  is  a  parametric 
regression model providing functional models with direct interpretability. The latter is a machine learning non- 
parametric algorithm, more tolerant than other approaches in its assumptions, which has often been shown to 
outperform parametric algorithms. Other approaches have been developed to produce robust SDMs, like training 
data bootstrapping and spatial scale optimisation. Using felid presence-absence data from three study regions in 
Southeast  Asia  (mainland,  Borneo  and  Sumatra),  we  tested  the  performances  of  SDMs  by  implementing  four

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020262L. Chiaverini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

1000 m, 2000 m, 4000 m, 6000 m, 8000 m and 10,000 m (Chiaverini 
et al., 2022; Macdonald et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about using any specific deep learning model such as CNN, RNN, or Transformer in their pipeline. Instead, they focus on two different types of models for species distribution modeling - Generalized Linear Model (GLM) and Random Forest (RF). These models are not considered deep learning models but rather traditional machine learning techniques. Therefore, based on the given context, there is no mention of using any particular deep learning model in the pipeline.