Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

performance on the training, validation, and test datasets. All models 
were implemented using the Keras library in Python 3.8.3 (Chollet et al.,

Fig. 1. Workflow of the proposed methodology. This includes (a) selection of study sites and UAV data acquisition; (b) processing and cleaning of UAV data to depict 
P. radiata invasions; (c) training and evaluation of models using single sites (mono-site) and multiple sites (multi-site) with CNN-based regression models; (d) transfer 
learning evaluation of mono-site and multi-site models; (e) search for the best CNN models for transfer learning (modelt); and (f) assessing spatial autocorrelation for 
the best models. 

(Fig. 1c). Fourthly, we assessed the transfer learning of models trained 
using data from either a single site (mono-site) or multiple sites (multi- 
site) (Fig. 1d). Fifthly, we identified the best-performing model for each 
experiment  and  for  transferring  information  to  new  sites  (modelt) 

(Fig.  1e).  Lastly,  we  evaluated  the  spatial  autocorrelation  of  the  re-
siduals from the best model (Fig. 1f). 

Fig. 2. Study areas in central-south Chile.

While  adopting  deep  learning  techniques  in  remote  sensing  has 
surged, providing novel solutions to complex problems and the devel-
opment of model validation frameworks has lagged, creating a gap in the 
reliability  of  these  advanced  models  (Filippelli  et  al.,  2024).  Deep 
learning models, including CNN architectures and traditional machine 
learning models, frequently underperform in predicting species presence 
or  coverage  in  previously  unconsidered  areas.  This  limitation,  often 
referred  to  as  the  model's  inability  to  generalize  or  transfer  learned 
patterns to new contexts (transfer learning), becomes particularly pro-
nounced in diverse landscapes characterized by significant variations in 
terrain  and  spectral properties  (Barela  et  al., 2021; Kattenborn et  al., 
2022;  Meyer  and  Pebesma,  2021).  The  complex  nature  of  these  het-
erogeneous  environments  poses  significant  challenges  for  model  vali-

of the models. For instance, Mil`a et al. (2022) used the Nearest Neighbor 
Distance Matching (NNDM) LOO CV method to delineate a geographic 
space  in  which  predictions  can  be  made.  Many  of  these  approaches 
accurately  demonstrate  the  model's  transfer  learning  capabilities,  yet 
they  impose  limitations  on  the  training  domain,  leading  to  reduced 
training  heterogeneity  (Meyer  and  Pebesma,  2021).  However,  con-
ducting large CV experiments with deep learning-based models is often 
infeasible due to  their high computational costs. Deep  learning-based 
models  typically  employ  simple  data  partitioning  strategies,  such  as 
training, validation, and testing (Ocer et al., 2020). This simple scheme 
can help to add heterogeneous information to the training procedure, 
but may also overlook the diversity of heterogeneous spatial information 
in remotely sensed data that is aligned with different learning domains

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined what specific steps were taken to deploy the model, such as model serialization or platform selection.