Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

easy to train with reduced complexity, even though they have deeper 
layers than CNN models, because of the presence of skip connections 
between the input and output of each block (He et al., 2016). ResNet has 
different variants with a variety of convolution layers. We trialled three 
depths, ResNet-18, (cid:0) 50 and (cid:0) 101, and compared their training times 
and validation accuracies. They behaved similarly but ResNet-50 had a 
marginally  higher  validation  accuracy  (Section  3.1.1)  leading  us  to 
choose it for feature extraction.

3. Results 

Section  3.1  presents  the  results  of  our  manual  classification  algo-
rithm. Sections 3.1.1 and 3.1.2 provide training and validation results 
for  our  automatic  classifier.  Section  3.1.3  provides  the  results  of  our 
insect microhabitat studies.

and computational expense. We used the extracted background features 
generated in our previous step to train an SVM model with 5-fold cross 
validation.  The  training and  validation  of  our  classifier  was  run  on  a 
basic  laptop  using  its  CPU  (Intel(R)  Core(TM)  i7-9850H,  CPU  clock 
speed = 2.60 GHz).

ran in approximately 1.2 min for our experiments on the CPU, whilst 
softmax  took  12  min  on  the  GPU  to  complete  the  same  task.  So, 
although, softmax can accomplish our classification task, our proposed 
method has advantages.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, or validation sets. However, it mentions that the authors used 5-fold cross-validation when training their Support Vector Machine (SVM) model. This implies that the dataset was divided into five equal parts or folds, where four folds were used for training and one fold was used for validation during each iteration. After all iterations, every sample would have been part of both the training set and the validation set exactly once. Additionally, the authors mention comparing the training times and validation accuracies of different ResNet architectures, which suggests that they also used separate validation datasets during this process.