Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We further improved Waveman by modifying BatNet and opti-
mizing parameter setting of batch size. We add new kind of BNorm
layers behind the 22 convolutional layers to prevent overfitting when
we trained models using BatNet (Fig. 2C). Therefore the model
“learned” to generalize from a trend in both “known” and “unknown”
datasets rather than to maximize the performance on the “known”
datasets (usually called training datasets, Ioffe and Szegedy, 2015).
Computers can only train with small volumes of images at once as they
have too little Random Access Memory or Graphic memory. Batch size
was set to limit the image number. In this study, we set a large batch
size equal to 128, which means training with 128 images for each
iteration.

rate equaled 1e-3 (only a network called ResNet_v2 was set to 1e-5). We
trained a model using the training dataset (incl. 111,244 images) for
50–60 times using Graphic Processing Unit (GPU, Nvidia 1080ti, US)
for two hours and 10 min. After training the model contained refined
parameters and a graph which were saved for the downstream analysis.

2.2. Testing and further refinements of Waveman

We used filtered data (i.e., validation dataset in which 19,614
images were selected) to test different model and taxon bias. Then we
collected audio-files from a corridor for the 15 species to test how to
lower the misidentification and false positives. Finally, we optimized
the BatNet and collected audio from different human and natural
conditions to test the generalization of the model by recording the same
species under different conditions these audio-files are unfiltered and
were directly imported into Waveman.

2.2.1. Comparison of BatNet and other three networks

Fig. 1. Schematic diagram of pipeline. We first built model
and then test the model. There are three python scripts used to
for
Coverting_image.py,
including
Making_database.py, and Training.py in a self-developed open
source software Waveman. Tested process using both filtered
images and unfiltered audio-files.

modelling,

2

X. Chen, et al.

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Table 1
Taxa summary of the 36 species and itscall information.

Family

Species

Individual number**

No. of images***

Location

Release type

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Biological Conservation

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/biocon

Automatic standardized processing and identification of tropical bat calls
using deep learning approaches

T

Xing Chena,1, Jun Zhaob,1, Yan-hua Chena, Wei Zhoub,*, Alice C. Hughesa,*
a Center for Integrative Conservation, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Menglun 666303, China
b Software School, Yunnan University, Kunming 650500, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Bats
Bioacoustics
Automated monitoring
Algorithms
Deep learning
Neural network
Automatic processing
Biodiversity metrics
Machine learning
Calls
Echolocation
Monitoring protocol

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
After training the model, the authors saved the refined parameters and a graph for downstream analysis. They tested the model using filtered images and unfiltered audio files. The testing process involved comparing BatNet with other three networks. However, the specific details about the deployment of the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection, are not explicitly mentioned in the given context.