Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

formance which is likely to continue to improve as more training data 
are  made  available  and  new  model  advancements  are  evaluated  and 
modified. We encourage prospective AI users to carry out similar eval-
uations as performed in this study to gain more relevant information on 
model performance specific to their study systems. However, we antic-
ipate the minimum detection size limits we identified are more gener-
alizable to different study systems provided the model is well trained on 
a particular object class (i.e., under ideal conditions, MegaDetector is 
likely to detect animals when they occupy at least 60px in an image) 
(Fig. 3). Other image characteristics such as complex vegetation, poor 
lighting, low image resolution, and unique camera angles are likely to 
decrease  MegaDetector's  overall  performance  (Beery  et  al.,  2018; 
Greenberg, 2020a).

3. Results

images  that  need  to  be  reviewed  and  analyzed  (Norouzzadeh  et  al., 
2018; Swanson et al., 2015). These data processing tasks often represent 
a significant bottleneck in the research process from the collection of 
images  to  having  useful  information  to  answer  research  questions.  In 
response  to this challenge, many have  turned  to the field  of artificial 
intelligence (AI) to build computer vision models that leverage machine 
learning to help automate these data processing tasks (Christin et al., 
2019; Miao et al., 2019; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; S. Schneider et al., 
2018; Tabak et al., 2019; Thomson et al., 2018; Tuia et al., 2022; V´elez 
et  al.,  2022).  With  rapid  adoption  and  advancement  of  automated 
methods,  the  time-consuming  burden  of  manually  reviewing  and  la-
beling images has been significantly reduced, ultimately reducing the 
lag between data collection and application and alleviating some of the

To  create  a  computer  vision  model  for  automatically  detecting 
wildlife in camera trap images, typically a subset of data is processed by 
manual  human  review  to  generate  a  “training”  dataset  which  is  then 
used to train computer algorithms and build a model. Once a model has 
been developed, it is then applied to unseen raw data (i.e., “test” dataset) 
and its performance is evaluated by comparing its predictions with the 
intended outcomes. This process of training and testing a model is often 
iterative and can be used to refine a model's performance as additional 
training data become available and new insights are gained from model 
evaluations (Christin et al., 2019; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018). How well a 
model performs is dependent on the characteristics of the data the model 
is confronted with and the associated challenges they present (Green-
berg, 2020a; S. Schneider et al., 2020). For example, a model would be

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly state the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, based on general practices in machine learning, one common approach is to randomly divide the entire dataset into three subsets: training set, validation set, and test set. Typically, around 70-80% of the data is allocated for training, while the remaining 20-30% is divided equally between validation and testing. The training set is used to fit the model, the validation set helps tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting during training, and the test set evaluates the final model's performance. It should also be noted that the exact proportions may vary depending on the specific requirements or constraints of each project.