Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The training data was acquired by sending query parameters through 
the  application  programming  interface  (API)  of  Xeno-Cano  which 
returned a JSON object containing recording metadata. The recordings 
were downloaded according to four query parameters: (i) audio quality, 
corresponding  to  the  highest  audio  quality  (i.e.  A  quality  level),  (ii) 
duration,  corresponding  to  recordings  lasting  from  20  to  60  s,  (iii) 
maximum number of recordings allowed per species, which was set to 
100 to avoid large imbalanced between the classes and ensure accept-
able  computing  power,  and  (iv)  geographic  coordinates  of  the  re-
cordings  that  surrounded  the  Equator  line  in  America.  Geographical 
coordinates were defined according to the latitude of the Tropics, with 
◦
26 ‘10.6”N and 
the Tropic of Cancer in the Northern Hemisphere at 23
26′ 10.6”S. 
the Tropic of Capricorn in the Southern Hemisphere at 23

on the predictions of a model previously trained on labeled data. The 
resulting training dataset serves as a basis to build episodic tasks useful 
for fine-tuning a meta-learning algorithm without human supervision. 
That way, it is possible to (a) define an efficient way to train an UML 
algorithm for tackling the problems related to the shortage of data in 
many ecoacoustic studies, and (b) extract meaningful latent represen-
tations  from  the  algorithm  to  improve  the  quality  of  clustering, 
enhancing our capacity to obtain meaningful ecological information for 
rare or unknown species.

This included an initial training set of 29,587 audio recordings corre-
sponding to 2976 tropical bird species (see Appendix A).

2.2. Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone 

Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone was performed using 
classical meta-metric learning architectures adapted from the EasyFSL

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide explicit details about any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, confusion matrix, etc. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context. However, generally speaking, these types of postprocessing steps can be used to evaluate and interpret machine learning models. For instance, saliency maps help visualize important features contributing to the model's decision, while metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curves, etc., aid in evaluating the performance of the model. Additionally, confusion matrices offer insights into the correct and incorrect classifications made by the model.