Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Report 1998.

strategic planning based on deep learning algorithm. IseB 21, 9.

Ren, D.-F., Cao, A.-H., Du, W.-J., 2023. Ecosystem service value and changes in food
supply and demand in Liaoning Province. Chinese J. Soil Sci. 54, 527–535.
Rotar, I., Sangeorzan, D.D., 2018. The evolution of minimum arable land and food
consumption from 1961 to 2013. Sci. Papers-Series D-Anim. Sci. 61, 318–324.
Saadi, S., Antoni, J.-P., 2023. Assessing the role of settlement in the environmental
challenges of sensitive ecosystems. A case study in Zrebar wetland (Iran). Eco.
Inform. 75.

Saglam, M.H., Goktenturk, T., Demir, I., Yazici, E., 2023. Environmental factors for the
advancement of Teachers’ self-efficacy in professional development. J. Intell. 11.

Sam, K., Onyena, A.P.P., Zabbey, N., Odoh, C.K.K., Nwipie, G.N.N., Nkeeh, D.K.K.,

As presented in Fig. 3, HCPA is located in the middle and lower
reaches of the Yellow River, Huaihe River, and Haihe River and includes
most of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Lu, Henan, and parts of northern Jiangsu
and northern Anhui, with 52 prefectural-level cities covering an area of
approximately 380,000 km2. The area is fertile and abundant in water
resources, making it ideal for agriculture. Statistically, the region ac-
counts for approximately 15% of all arable land in China, thus making it
a significant food-producing region. The HCPA possesses a warm
temperate monsoon climate and the region experiences fewer light
hours, thus resulting in a long crop growth cycle. Most of the crops
mature in two years, while some areas in the north experience three-year
crop maturation. The primary crops include wheat, rice, maize, sor-
ghum, beans, and oilseeds. Due to its high-yielding and high-quality
food production, HCPA has become a vital part of national food secu-

Huai-Haihai Plain, Fen-Wei Plain, and Hetao Irrigation District, inte-
grating ecological, economic, and social sustainability.

With the rapid development of multi-scale data and multi-method
coupling research, scholars have started to base their research on
qualitative (Chen, 2020), quantitative (Liao et al., 2021; Mu et al.,
2019), frequency (Lu et al., 2021), probabilistic (Zhao and Xu, 2020),
temporal (Shen et al., 2019), spatial (Zhao et al., 2022) and other multi-
scale data. Improvements in random forest (Jiang et al., 2021; Lian et al.,
2022), support vector machines (Hong et al., 2018), deep learning (Ren
et al., 2021; Wu, 2022), Bayesian networks (Che et al., 2019), and mixed
effects (Yu et al., 2021a) models for improved fusion, e.g., Gu et al. (Gu
et al., 2024) fused optimal parametric geoprobes with partial least
squares structural equations to analyze the effects of topography,
climate, and human activities on the spatial pattern of kNDVI. Research
in natural areas such as agro-land ecology has been performed in the
exploration of influencing factors of land use and agricultural systems

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly mention where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, without additional context or specific details about the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the report, it is impossible to determine which data repository hosts this particular deep learning pipeline. Some common repositories for sharing code and datasets related to machine learning projects are GitHub, Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, and GBIF. However, further clarification would be needed to provide a more accurate response.