Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

3.1. Dataset description 

A detailed description of the collected dataset is given in this section. 
A publicly available dataset of environmental microorganisms EMDS-6 
is  used  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  architecture.  The 
considered  dataset  consists  of  840  different  images  of  environmental 
microorganisms having 21 categories consisting of 40 images for each 

Operating system 
Processor 
RAM 
Programming language 
Development environment 
Input dataset 
Input dimensions 
Batch size 
Loss 
Activation function 
Learning rate 
Epochs 
Optimizer 

MAC OS 
Apple M1- Chip 
8 GB 
Python 3.6.5 
TensorFlow 2.2.0, Keras 2.4.0 
EMDS-6 
224 × 224 
32 
Categorical Cross Entropy 
GELU 
0.002 
100 
AdamW

To further validate the performance of the proposed model EMViT- 
Net,  the  acquired  findings  were  compared  with  other  state-of-the-art 
models. The performance measures used to compare the performance 
of  EMViT-Net  with  other  deep  learning  models  are  evaluated  on  the 
validation set and test set of the considered dataset EMDS-6. The com-
parison of the classification results achieved by other pre-trained deep 
learning models is given in Table 4 and Table 5 which illustrates the 
finding on each set validation set and test set respectively by calculating 
the  average  value  of  precision,  recall  and  f1-score  for  all  categories 
which are named as Avg_Precision, Avg_Recall and Avg_F1-score. The 
detailed analysis of the proposed network EMViT-Net and other deep 
learning models with specific configurations on unseen test sets is out-
lined  here  which  shows  that  the  EMViT-Net  outperforms  precision,

3.3. Experimental setup 

The system configuration used for training and experiments of the 
proposed model is given in Table 2. The proposed model EMViT-Net uses 
a kernel of size 3 and strides with size 1 for feature extraction from the 
convolutional  layer  and  generates  enriched  feature  spaces. To  reduce 
the size of extracted feature space max-pooling and average pooling are 
applied to look up the maximum and average value of generated feature 
spaces. To illustrate the point-wise and depth-wise combination of local 
convolutional  features  a  separable  convolutional  parameter-sharing 
attention block is added and batch normalization is applied to ensure 
the stable training and faster convergence of the proposed model. 

3.4. Performance evaluation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model was built using Python programming language version 3.6.5. For developing the model, two popular machine learning libraries were utilized - TensorFlow version 2.2.0 and Keras version 2.4.0. These frameworks provide various tools and functionalities required for building and training deep learning models.