Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436.
Lee, S.H., Chan, C.S., Wilkin, P., Remagnino, P., 2015. Deep-plant: plant identiﬁcation
with convolutional neural networks. IEEE Int. Conf. Image Process. (ICIP) 2015,
452–456.

Lin, T.-Y., Maire, M., Belongie, S., Hays, J., Perona, P., Ramanan, D., Dollár, P., Zitnick,
C.L., 2014. Microsoft coco: common objects in context. In: European Conference on
Computer Vision. Springer, pp. 740–755.

Munisami, T., Ramsurn, M., Kishnah, S., Pudaruth, S., 2015. Plant leaf recognition using
shape features and colour histogram with k-nearest neighbour classiﬁers. Proc.

Valiente-Banuet, A., Casas, A., Alcántara, A., Dávila, P., Flores-Hernández, N., del Coro
Arizmendi, M., Villaseñor, J.L., Ramrez, J.O., 2000. The vegetation of the valley of
tehuacan-cuicatlan. Bot. Sci. (67), 25–74.

Vasquez-Gomez, J.I., 2019. Cactus Aerial Photos. https://www.kaggle.com/

tion. With the modiﬁed images a CNN was trained to classify three
diﬀerent legume species: white bean, red bean and soybean. A relevant
approach for deep learning is a form of transfer learning. It is well
known that deep learning networks need large amounts of data to be
trained, this has led to the use of pre-trained networks that are latter
ﬁne-tuned with speciﬁc data of the addressed problem. The aim is to
take advantage of the knowledge learned from one problem to apply it
to another closely related problem. In (Ghazi et al., 2017), three re-
cognized deep learning architectures, namely GoogLeNet, AlexNet, and
VGGNet, were used to identify the plant species captured in a photo-
graph. The authors studied the impact of critical factors (iteration size,

3. Dataset

Deep learning approaches require a vast amount of examples to
perform well, otherwise the models can overﬁt to the data. For ex-
ample, COCO (common objects in context) dataset has more than
330,000 of images (Lin et al., 2014). Under those circumstances, it is
essential to build our own dataset due to the lack of previous in-
formation. In this section, we present the methodology that we follow
to build our dataset coupled with an analysis of it.

3.1. Case of study

The Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley is located in the south of Mexico,
between the states of Puebla and Oaxaca. The center of the area is lo-
cated at 18.1605° latitude and −97.4202° longitude (decimal degrees)
and covers an area of 10,000 km2. See Fig. 2. Its arid condition is due to
natural walls that surround it, by east the east mountain chain (sierra

Training a neural network requires to set several hyper-parameters
such as the learning rate, number of epochs and batch size. The learning
rate is a special one since it deﬁnes how much the weights are ‘moved’
to decrease the loss. A bigger one could cause the network not to learn,
on the other hand, a smaller one could require much more steps for
learning. To decrease this issue, we train the network with Adam op-
timizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015), a variant of the stochastic gradient
optimization where the learning rate is adjusted automatically. The rest
of the parameters are set empirically, more details are presented in the
experiments section.

5. Experiments

In this section, we present the experimental characterization of the
proposed approach. The implemented network was trained with Adam
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015) on a Inter Core i7 machine with
NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. The hyperparameters were set as follows:
learning rate 0.01, number of epochs 150, batch size 2500.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.