Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The mean relative rank of each method for each performance index
is shown in Fig. 6. The ranking varied by correction type and the
number of presence sites. Concerning ΔDenv, Fenv was the best method,
followed by BGenv when the amount of presences sites was 20. When

k = 50, BGenv appeared to provide the best results in terms of ΔDenv
and ΔDgeo, even if this result does not appear to be signiﬁcant con-
sidering the dispersed values.

When the number of presence sites increased, BGgeo was ranked the
best in terms of ΔAUC, BGgeo, and Fenv in terms of ΔDenv, and Fgeo in
terms of ΔDgeo.

4. Discussion

This study aimed to present a new sampling bias eﬀect correction
method in the framework of species distribution modeling and to
compare it with other representative approaches of the literature.

4.1. Absolute evaluation

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

The ranking results of the diﬀerent methods showed a variation of
relative evaluation indexes according to the number of presence sites,
and no correction method appears to be the best one. However, when
we focus on a small number of presence sites, BGenv regularly achieved
the ﬁrst or second rank regardless of the evaluation index used.

equally biased (Phillips et al., 2009). This is achieved by transforming
the model input data using four approaches which can be categorized
according to two criteria: i) the dataset concerned with the transfor-
mation (presence sites or background sites); and ii) the implementation
spaces of the transformation (geographical or environmental space).
When the presence dataset is considered, the authors aim at modifying
its distribution to tend toward a uniform distribution, and the back-
ground set is obtained via a uniform random selection. The im-
plementation space of such an approach is either the geographical space
(see for example Boria et al., 2014; Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013) or en-
vironmental feature space (see Fourcade et al., 2014; Varela et al.,
2014). This approach seems to be eﬀective, but requires many presence
sites (Fourcade et al., 2014). When the background set is considered, it
is built according to a selection bias that reﬂects the same sampling bias

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit information about the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. However, we do have some insights into how different methods were evaluated based on their performance indices.

In the study, various methods were compared to correct sampling bias effects in species distribution modeling. These methods included BGenv, BGgeo, Fenv, and Fgeo. Their performances were assessed using three evaluation indices: ΔAUC, ΔDenv, and ΔDgeo. The mean relative ranks of these methods were presented in Figure 6, showing variations depending on the correction type and the number of presence sites.

For instance, when considering ΔDenv, Fenv was found to be the best method followed by BGenv when the number of presence sites was 20. As the number of presence sites increased, BGgeo was ranked the best in terms of ΔAUC, while BGgeo and Fenv performed well in terms of ΔDenv, and Fgeo excelled in terms of ΔDgeo.

However, none of the correction methods consistently outperformed others across all evaluation indices and numbers of presence sites. It was noted that BGenv often achieved first or second rank when focusing on a smaller number of presence sites, irrespective of the evaluation index used.

Overall, the discussion section suggests that the study primarily focused on comparing and evaluating the performance of different methods rather than monitoring the model performance during training. Therefore, without further context, it cannot be determined what specific strategies were employed to monitor the model performance during training.