Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Since CNNs require a fixed input size, we studied the vocalisations 
within the presence class for each dataset to determine the character-
istics of the calls which would allow us to create fixed input, which we 
refer to as segments. For example, the Hainan gibbon calls vary from 2 to 
9 s (Dufourq et al., 2021), and thus a suitable input size was 4 s to ensure 
that the smallest call would fit within the segment. A longer input (>4 
seconds) would result in CNNs with more network parameters, an un-
desirable consequence as this would increase the chances to overfit. A 
shorter input (<4 s) would not contain enough information, especially 
in cases where the individual pulses that make up a call are long. A short 
input could omit parts of the call. Preliminary experiments were con-
ducted on the different datasets to minimise the input length as much as 
possible,  thus  minimising  network  parameters.  The  characteristics  of

consuming step which involves exploring various neural network hyper- 
parameters to obtain the most optimal model. When combined, these 
three  problems  render  the  creation  and  utilisation  of  CNNs  to  solve 
bioacoustics research questions challenging to machine learning experts 
and non-experts alike.

practitioner can manually annotate a few examples and then start using 
a  pre-trained  ResNet152V2  model  to  find  new  examples.  Once  addi-
tional examples have been found via the pre-trained model, these new 
examples can be incorporated into the training set. This iterative process 
can be repeated until a large training set is obtained, after which, the 
pre-trained CNN can be fine-tuned to create a more robust classifier. We 
thus argue that practitioners can begin using CNNs relatively early on 
within  a project to  speed up  the rate at  which calls  are found.  These 
findings  oppose  existing  knowledge  that  deep  learning  requires  large 
training  datasets.  One  possible  explanation  for  the  good  performance 
achieved in this study is due to the high signal-to-noise ratio. It was also 
hypothesised  that  good  performance  was  obtained  due  to  the  lack  of 
variation within the calls (e.g. gibbons and whydah datasets), however

5. Discussion 

Continued advances in deep learning, computer vision and speech 

recognition  offer many  opportunities  for  bioacoustics  research.  While 
deep learning holds significant promise for the creation of PAM classifier 
models, CNNs would be even more widely used if they were easier to 
train, required less machine learning expertise to be implemented and if 
they  could  be  trained  on  small  datasets  without  overfitting.  Transfer 
learning benefits from the fact that very little training is required and 
that  fewer  human  decisions  are  required  in  the  design  of  the 
architecture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is primarily for classification tasks. Specifically, it aims to classify animal vocalizations or calls, such as those made by gibbons and whydah birds. The authors mention using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to develop models capable of distinguishing between different types of animal calls. They discuss the challenges associated with creating and utilizing CNNs for bioacoustic research questions, including the need for fixed input sizes, avoiding overfitting, and dealing with limited data availability. To address some of these issues, the authors propose using transfer learning techniques, specifically starting with a pre-trained ResNet152V2 model, to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their deep learning approach. Overall, the goal of the deep learning model is to enable researchers and practitioners to quickly and accurately identify and categorize animal calls, thereby facilitating further studies in bioacoustics and related fields.