Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In the training phase of a DNN the connection weights (w in 
Figure 1) between neurons are iteratively updated by a training 
algorithm  to  minimize  the  prediction  error  over  the  training 
data  set  (see  Supplementary  Material  S2  for  more  details). 
In  order  to  gauge  the  accuracy  of  predictions  for  new  input 
data  (i.e.,  data  not  used  during  training),  the  available  data  is 
frequently split into a training data set (used for training), and 
a test data set. The details of the network architecture, such as 
the  size  of  the  network,  the  selection  of  specific  layer  types, 
and parameters of the training process strongly determine the 
prediction  accuracy  of  the  network  and  are  usually  problem 
specific. More information on deep learning is available in e.g., 
Angermueller  et  al.  (  2016),  LeCun  et  al.  (2015)  and  Nielsen 
(2015).  Moreover,  the  Supplementary  Material  S2  provides  a

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

The hyper-parameters evaluated iteratively were network capacity 
(number of layers and neurons per layer), applied regularization 
techniques, as well as the used loss function and optimizer. The 
training of the individual candidate networks was stopped when 
the accuracy of the network on the test dataset did not increase 
further.  The  thus  determined  network  architecture  was  also 
used for Experiment 2 (Abadi et al., 2016). All experiments and 
predictions  were  conducted  using  the  TensorFlow  framework 
and  run  on  a  desktop  PC  with  an  Intel  QuadCore  CPU  (Intel 
i5-6600) and equipped with an NVidia GTX 1070 GPU.

guide for designing and training of DNNs, as well as practical 
considerations for DNN applications.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The data is typically split into three parts for deep learning model training: training data, test data, and sometimes validation data. The training data is used to fit the model, while the test data is used to evaluate its performance. Validation data can be used during the training process to fine-tune hyperparameters or prevent overfitting.

The criteria used to split the data depend on various factors, including the total amount of data available, class distribution, and the complexity of the task. A common approach is to use a random stratified split, where the proportions of each class are preserved across all subsets. This ensures that the model sees a representative sample of the entire dataset during both training and testing.

For example, if there are two classes in the dataset, one might choose to allocate 80% of the data for training, 10% for validation, and 10% for testing. However, these percentages may vary depending on the specific requirements and constraints of the project. In some cases, it may be necessary to adjust the splits based on the results obtained from initial experiments.