Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the number of bands of the feature maps, while the numbers on the bottom are the size (height and width) of the feature map. To avoid the distinction of identical textures only differing from each other by orientation changes and to increase the amount of tree species samples for training of the deep learning network, we performed data augmentation on the tree samples. The tree samples in the form of patches were rotated, mirrored, and flipped randomly. Finally, a total of 5664 tree samples were used for CNN training. Scattered samples (627) and tree samples (304) in12 plots surveyed in the field measurements were used for test and tree species classification accuracy assessment (931 test tree samples in total). The 12 plots were alsoused for diversity mapping assessment.3.4. Forest Species Diversity Mapping Based on the detected individual trees and the classified tree species, the diversity of three parts of the Haizhu Wetland could be mapped. In this paper, the study area was

To avoid the distinction of identical textures only diﬀering from each other by orientation
changes and to increase the amount of tree species samples for training of the deep learning network,
we performed data augmentation on the tree samples. The tree samples in the form of patches were
rotated, mirrored, and ﬂipped randomly. Finally, a total of 5664 tree samples were used for CNN
training. Scattered samples (627) and tree samples (304) in 12 plots surveyed in the ﬁeld measurements
were used for test and tree species classiﬁcation accuracy assessment (931 test tree samples in total).
The 12 plots were also used for diversity mapping assessment.

3.4. Forest Species Diversity Mapping

In the past few years, CNNs have been a hot topic in the ﬁeld of image classiﬁcation. Since the
publication of AlexNet [38], a number of classical CNN architectures have been proposed, including
VGG [39], GoogLeNet [40], and ResNet [41]. VGG can be considered as a deepened version of AlexNet,
which employed small convolutional kernels. GoogLeNet adopted the Inception module, which is
easy to use for network modiﬁcation. It also removed the fully connected layers to reduce the number
of parameters. Moreover, it used two auxiliary classiﬁers to accelerate network convergence. As a
consequence of the auxiliary classiﬁers, GoogLeNet is not as scalable as VGG. On the other hand, the
depth of networks is a crucial factor that inﬂuences CNN performance [39]. Richer features of diﬀerent
levels can be extracted from deep CNN layers, whereas deep models are not easy to optimize. In
many studies, batch normalization (BN) is employed to hamper vanishing/exploding gradients in deep

kernels. GoogLeNet adopted the Inception module, which is easy to use for network modification. It also removed the fully connected layers to reduce the number of parameters. Moreover, it used two auxiliary classifiers to accelerate network convergence. As a consequence of the auxiliary classifiers, GoogLeNet is not as scalable as VGG. On the other hand, the depth of networks is a crucial factor that influences CNN performance [39]. Richer features of different levels can be extracted from deep CNN layers, whereas deep models are not easy to optimize. In many studies, batch normalization (BN) is employed to hamper vanishing/exploding gradients in deep CNNs. However, the accuracy often becomes saturated and then degrades (degradation problem) in the training phase, even though BN layers are used. ResNet [41] addressed the degradation problem by using shallow layers and identity mapping for network construction. Two shortcuts (i.e., identity and projection shortcuts) have been

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Data augmentation techniques were applied to the tree samples in order to avoid distinguishing identical textures that only differ by orientation changes and to increase the amount of tree species samples for training the deep learning network. The specific data augmentation techniques mentioned include rotation, mirroring, and flipping of the tree samples in the form of patches. These techniques help to create more diverse training examples and improve the robustness of the model.

Unhelpful Answer:
I do not know what data augmentation techniques were applied in the deep learning pipeline.