Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Based on this evaluation, we performed a cross-comparison based on 
our ApisFis model and validation data. Fig. 17 presents the result of the 
matching comparison for the 12 sites. For each, the field estimations are 
close to the outcome of our model. For sites 2 & 4 & 6 & 8 and 12 the 
outcome  of  the  field  campaign  is,  respectively,  low,  moderate,  and 
suitable. Our model yields very similar results to the field estimations for 
these sites. However, for some sites, the field estimations were higher 
than our model prediction (Sites 1 &  3 and 7) and for other sites, the 
field estimations were lower than the Apis-FIS model outcomes (Sites 5 
& 9 & 10 & 11).

accurate  than  the  map  inform  by  literature  knowledge  information. 
Other studies have noted that reducing the pixel size from 25 m to 5 m in 
urban areas increases the value of the pollination model (Grafius et al., 
2016). Furthermore, Rayner et al. (2021) found that reducing the pixel 
size from 100 to 10 m yield the prediction of abundance of wild bees by 
43%. As a result, they recommend using the 10 m resolution pixel in an 
agricultural context to make more accurate decisions when interpreting 
the output of the crop pollination model.

landscapes  unit  provision  based  on  expert  data  from  the  literature 
against  those  from  a  field  survey.  Both  models  used  the  Nova  Scotia 
Forest  Ecosystem  Classification  at  10  m  resolution.  The  main  result 
highlighted that the output map informed with field data was 8% more

b)  Pollinator specie table: this table provides the InVEST model with 
information on bee species, flight distance and nesting requirements 
for each species (Sharp et al., 2014). In this study, we focus only on 
honey bees. Studies have shown that the flight distance of honey bees 
can reach up to 5 km and vary depending on factors like air tem-
perature, the presence of nearby water sources, and floral resources 
near the hive (Tan et al., 2012). We used the same flight distance as 
in these studies Cunningham et al. (2018); Eeraerts et al. (2023) to 
build our pollinator table (Supplementary material, Table S1.1).  
c)  Biophysical attribute table: this table assesses the quality of each 
landscape  area  in  terms  of  its  ability  to  provide  honey  bees  with 
nesting  and/or  foraging  or  nesting  and  foraging  resources  (Sharp 
et al., 2014). Our study includes two evaluations for each land cover

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention any specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, it does discuss the use of a cross-comparison based on the ApisFis model and validation data, which suggests that the model's predictions are being compared to actual field data. This could imply the use of metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, or others commonly used in machine learning to measure the performance of a model against ground truth data. Unfortunately, without further context or explicit mention of the metrics used, it is impossible to definitively state what metrics are being employed in this case.