Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lations and adapt well to data generated by WSNs (de Wolff et al., 2021), 
if such data do not present a substantial loss of information (Liu et al., n. 
d.;  Liu  et  al.,  2018).  However,  this  represents  a  significant  challenge 
because, currently, the information generated by low-cost WSNs should 
be pre-processed, and, at the same time, the data assurance and quality 
of their growing volume of information should be maintained. Hence, 
matrix factorization (MF) (Rivera-Mu˜noz et al., 2021), and their variants 
using deep learning (Deep Matrix Factorization - DMF) emerged as an 
alternative because they can recover a significant amount of information 
that was not sampled by modeling non-linear interactions of input data 
(sensors,  time  instants).  This  property  enables  the  exploitation  of  the 
spatial-temporal  correlations  and  a  better  adaptation  to  the  data  of 
WSNs (De Handschutter et al., 2021; Xue et al., 2017a).

Shah, J., Mishra, B., 2020. Iot-enabled low power environment monitoring system for 
prediction of pm2.5. Pervas. Mobile Comput. 67, 101175 [Online]. Available: 
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1574119220300560. 
Sharma, A.K., Chaurasia, S., Srivastava, D.K., 2020. Sentimental short sentences 

classification by using cnn deep learning model with fine tuned word2vec. Procedia 
Computer Science 167, 1139–1147. International Conference on Computational 
Intelligence and Data Science. [Online]. Available: http://www.sciencedirect.com/ 
science/article/pii/S1877050920308826. 

Tamhane, A., Arora, S., Warrier, D., 2017. Modeling contextual changes in user 

behaviour in fashion e-commerce. In: Kim, J., Shim, K., Cao, L., Lee, J.-G., Lin, X., 
Moon, Y.-S. (Eds.), Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. Springer 
International Publishing, Cham, pp. 539–550. 

van Buuren, S., Groothuis-Oudshoorn, K., 2011. mice: Multivariate imputation by

‖ps‖2 + ‖qt‖2 + b2

s + b2

t

)

(4) 

Consequently, the unknown parameters bs, bt, ps, qt can be estimated 
optimizing  the  regularized  cost  function  using  stochastic  gradient 
descent: 

ps, qt, bs, bt = argmin
ps,qt ,bs,bt

L .

2.2. Embedding layers 

(5)  

Embedding  layers  are  modules  of  deep  neural  networks  that  are 
generally  implemented  in  natural  language  processing  problems 
(Sharma  et  al.,  2020)  and  collaborative  filtering  (He  et  al.,  2017) 
because they can solve the one-hot encoding problem (Yu et al., 2022), 
where the latent representations in the classic models are composed of 
sparse representations generally using vectors mainly composed of zero 
layers  replace  such  dispersed  vectors  with 
values.  Embedding

This paper combines the interpretation and mathematical meaning 
of MF with the learning capabilities of deep neural networks (DNNs), 
allowing the proposed models to capture spatial-temporal characteris-
tics of data but including several variables of interest (time, location) 
into the inference process in order to improve the quality of imputations. 
The first section of this article presents the general architecture of the 
network  (based  on  the  literature  (Fan  and  Cheng,  2018)),  which  can 
learn the low-dimensional space for the representations of sensors and 
time and their evaluation with a standard MF model. The second section 
describes  three  modifications  to  the  DMF  model  using  variations  of 
embedding  layers  to  include  the  spatial-temporal  characteristics  and, 
thus, better estimate the data. Finally, the performance of the models is 
statistically measured to select the option that better fits the data. The

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not explicitly mention what specific data format is being used in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer from the context that the data being processed is likely related to sensor data or time series data due to the references made to Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) and temporal correlations. Additionally, there is also a reference to Natural Language Processing (NLP) problems, suggesting that text data might also be involved. Therefore, while the exact data format is not specified, it appears that the deep learning pipeline could involve various types of structured data such as numerical values from sensors, timestamps, and potentially unstructured data like text.