Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data availability 

The deep learning and post-processing scripts along with the 2012 
aerial  imagery  and  data  output  used  in  this  study  can  be  found  at 
https://git.wur. 
nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring. 

Acknowledgments

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025802R.K. James et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 1. Workflow used to (a) select a deep learning model, (b) develop a ground-truth imagery dataset, (c) train the deep learning models, (d & e) evaluate model 
performance and (f & g) obtain the data and analyse it to quantify the spatial patterns and resilience of the ecosystem. 

2.3. Deep learning models 

2.3.1. Semantic segmentation for vegetation mapping

By providing the tools to conduct these analyses, we aim to stimulate the uptake of deep learning for enhancing 
the data obtained from aerial imagery to improve the monitoring and conservation of natural ecosystems.

Access  to  required  computing  resources  is  another  challenge. 
Training  deep  neural  networks  for  semantic  segmentation  and  object 
detection traditionally requires expensive computational resources with 
multiple high-end GPUs (e.g., available on high-performance computing 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10258010R.K. James et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available at <https://git.wur.nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring>.

Unhelpful Answer: I do not have enough information to provide an accurate response.

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available at <https://git.wur.nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring>.

Unhelpful Answer: I am unable to determine where the code repository is located based on the given information.

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: According to the provided context, the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is accessible via <https://git.wur.nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring>.

Unhelpful Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't sufficient information to pinpoint the exact location of the code repository.

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Based on the given context, the code repository of the deep learning pipeline can be accessed through <https://git.wur.nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring>.

Unhelpful Answer: It appears that the necessary details are missing to accurately identify the location of the code repository.