Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Meta data coding & data synthesis

Science and SCOPUS), curating specific search terms and synonyms and
used Boolean operators and wildcards (asterisks) to account for word
variants and plural forms. Additional information on search strategy are
provided in the Appendix A along with Table S1 showing all the terms
included in the final search. The literature search was conducted in
January 2023 and considered all studies currently available in the two
databases until 31 December 2022. We did not add any language filters/
restrictions to the search strategy developed so that scientific literature
with an abstract in English but a full text in other languages was
potentially included in the search. Except for conference proceedings,
we did not include grey literature (technical reports, dissertations)
because we wanted to limit our search to the most relevant and
advanced scientific applications on the topic, given the extensive liter-
ature already available.

2.3. Screening process

4.4. The “best” modelling approach

Fig. 9. Modelling approaches used in the examined articles (count) over the years (A): RB = Regression-based, ML = Machine-learning, DIST-ENV = distance based/
envelope, PPM = Point Process Models, ENS = Ensemble approach, OTH=Other approaches. Specific models implemented in reviewed literature (B): GAM =
Generalised Additive models; GLM = Generalised linear models; MARS = Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines; MAXENT = Maximum Entropy model; RF =
Random Forest; BRT = Boosted Regression Trees; GBM = Generalised Boosted Models; ANN = Artificial Neural Networks; CART = Classification and Regression
Trees; FDA = Flexible Discriminant Analysis; SVM = Support Vector Machine; LDA = Linear Discriminant Analysis; BNM = Bipartite Network modelling; QDA =
Quadratic Discriminant Analysis; ENFA = Ecological Niche Factor Analysis; BIOCLIM = BIOCLIM; LGCP-INLA = Log-gaussian Cox Process via Integrated Nested

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention which frameworks were used to build the deep learning models. However, it lists several machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, Boosted Regression Trees, Generalised Boosted Models, Artificial Neural Networks, Support Vector Machines, etc. These algorithms can be implemented using various programming languages and libraries like Python, R, or Julia, and their respective packages like scikit-learn, caret, keras, tensorflow, pytorch, etc. Without further details about the implementation of these models, it is impossible to determine which specific frameworks were used.