Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The baseline model comprised a simple CNN architecture that had 
two  convolutional layers (8  filters of  size 16 × 16,  with ReLU activa-
tions), followed by max pooling (4 × 4), a flattening operation, and two 
fully-connected layers (32 ReLU and 22 softmax units respectively) (see 
Fig. 2). Given only a spectrogram input, the baseline model produced a 
probability for each of the 22 species. 

3.3.2. Case II: One-hot encoding 

Different methods were explored and tested to enhance the neural 
network with contextual information. One straightforward approach to 
incorporate additional information into a deep learning classifier, while 
maintaining  model  simplicity,  is  to  utilize  a  multi-branch  CNN.  As  a 
result, we investigate this approach as the initial method to integrate

Fig. 2. Architecture of the model for Case IV; the baseline model (top) and the geographical prior (bottom) trained separately. The numbers indicate the size of each 
layer. From the probabilities obtained for the 8,836 species (represented in green), only the 22 species involved in our study (represented in yellow) are kept and 
multiplied with the corresponding outputs of the baseline model (represented in red). 

the network is trained on a relatively small number of examples, which 
is often the case in ecology datasets. We conducted preliminary exper-
iments  on  enhancing  deep  learning  with  metadata  using  the  Hainan 
gibbon case study and the network developed by Dufourq et al. (2021). 
Our findings revealed that this architecture, applied to the bird classi-
fication  task,  resulted  in  good  results  and  thus  we  adopted  this 
straightforward approach. The proposed methodology can be adapted to 
other CNN architectures.

Over  the  past  few  years,  deep  learning  has  revolutionized  several 
research  fields  such  as  bioinformatics  (Li  et  al.,  2020)  and  medicine 
(Piccialli et al., 2021) by enabling automated processing of large and 
complex  datasets.  Considered  a  branch  of  machine  learning,  deep 
learning refers to algorithms, commonly called deep neural networks, 
able  to  automatically  detect  very  complex  and  highly  discriminating 
patterns  in  data  (Chollet,  2018).  The  succession  of  processing  layers 
performing  linear  and  non-linear  transformations  allows  the  neural 
networks  to  learn  representations  of  data  with  multiple  levels  of 
abstraction  (LeCun  et  al.,  2015).  This  ability  makes  deep  learning 
particularly  relevant  for  solving  complex  problems  such  as  speech 
recognition, object detection, computer vision, and many other domains 
(Taigman et al., 2014; Hinton et al., 2012). Naturally, these practices

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the 

online version, at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102256. 

References 

Abadi, M., Agarwal, A., Barham, P., Brevdo, E., Chen, Z., Citro, C., Zheng, X., 2015. 
TensorFlow: Large-scale machine learning on heterogeneous systems. Retrieved 
fromhttps://www.tensorflow.org/. 

Aodha, O.M., Cole, E., Perona, P., 2019. Presence-only geographical priors for fine- 
grained image classification. Proc. IEEE Int. Conf. Comput. Vis. 2019-Octob, 
9595–9605. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCV.2019.00969. 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)10225612L. Jeantet and E. Dufourq                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Aslani, S., Dayan, M., Storelli, L., Filippi, M., Murino, V., Rocca, M.A., Sona, D., 2019.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it does discuss the use of one-hot encoding to incorporate additional information into a deep learning classifier. Additionally, the paper mentions the use of a multi-branch CNN architecture to integrate contextual information, but it doesn't provide details about how the data was labeled or annotated before being fed into the model. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, it isn't possible to determine what data annotation techniques were used in their deep learning pipeline.