Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

z

i

=

sum

w
j S ij
∊

/sum

w
k X ik

∊

(3)

When using a species target group (Phillips et al., 2009), the sets P
and S will be diﬀerent. However, P and S will be the same if only the
target species is used to estimate the sampling eﬀort. The relative
sampling eﬀort is computed for each pixel of the study area and cor-
responds to the sampling bias within the environmental space. The
resulting map is then used to bias the random selection of background
points. The higher the sampling eﬀort of a cell, the greater is the like-
lihood to select a background site in it. The algorithm for the con-
struction of the biased background set is shown in pseudo-code in a
supplementary ﬁle.

Hereafter, the set of background sites selected with this method is

denoted as bg_Cenv.

equally biased (Phillips et al., 2009). This is achieved by transforming
the model input data using four approaches which can be categorized
according to two criteria: i) the dataset concerned with the transfor-
mation (presence sites or background sites); and ii) the implementation
spaces of the transformation (geographical or environmental space).
When the presence dataset is considered, the authors aim at modifying
its distribution to tend toward a uniform distribution, and the back-
ground set is obtained via a uniform random selection. The im-
plementation space of such an approach is either the geographical space
(see for example Boria et al., 2014; Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013) or en-
vironmental feature space (see Fourcade et al., 2014; Varela et al.,
2014). This approach seems to be eﬀective, but requires many presence
sites (Fourcade et al., 2014). When the background set is considered, it
is built according to a selection bias that reﬂects the same sampling bias

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, including managing random seed values. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context.