Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

performance of a fine-tuned Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and
showed that the CNN outperforms the traditional classification methods.
Salman et al., (2016) compared traditional classification methods such
as SVM, k-Nearest Neighbours (K(cid:0) NN), and Sparse Representation
Classifier with CNN. They achieve an average classification rate of more
than 90% on the LifeCLEF14 (Joly et al., 2014) and LifeCLEF15 (Joly
et al., 2015) fish datasets using CNN and generally a significantly lower
rate using the traditional methods. Siddiqui et al., (2017) reaches clas-
sification accuracy of 94.3% performance on fish species classification
using a very deep CNN with a cross-layer pooling approach for enhanced
discriminative ability to handle the limited labeled training data prob-
lem. Nepovinnykh et al., (2018) examine two methods of Saimaa ringed
seal identification based on transfer learning: retraining of an existing
convolutional neural network (CNN) versus using the CNN trained for

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Improving deep learning based bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura
Lymma) recognition

Avivit Levy a, *, Adi Barash b, c, Chen Zaguri a, Ariel Hadad a, Polina Polsky a
a Software Engineering, Shenkar College of Engineering and Design, Anna Frank 12, Ramat-Gan 52526, Israel
b Sharks in Israel, NGO for the Conservation of Sharks and Rays, Kibbutz Amir, 1214000, Israel
c The Steinhart Museum of Natural History Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 6901127, Israel

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Computer vision
Citizen science
Ecological study
Marine animal recognition
Pose handling

1. Introduction

1.1. Motivation

2022). A notable contribution to one-shot learning is the work of Koch
et al., (2015), presenting a method for learning Siamese neural networks
which employ a different structure to naturally rank similarity between
inputs. Once a network that is able to learn a similarity function has been
tuned, powerful discriminative features can be learned to generalize the
predictive power of the network not just to new data, but to new classes
from unknown distributions. Their general strategy is as follows: (1)
Train a model to discriminate between a collection of same/different
pairs. (2) Generalize to evaluate new categories based on learned feature
mappings for verification. Using a convolutional architecture, (Koch
et al., 2015) achieve strong results which exceed those of other deep
learning models with near state-of-the-art performance on one-shot
diverse classification tasks for both dynamic and static settings, e.g.,
recognizing hand-writing, leaves diseases, etc. We, therefore, found

Malialis, K., Panayiotou, C.G., Polycarpou, M.M., 2020. Data-efficient online

classification with siamese networks and active learning. In: In: 2020 International
Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN). IEEE, pp. 1–7.

Manzoor, M., Bhat, K.A., Khurshid, N., Yatoo, A.M., Zaheen, Z., Ali, S., Ali, M.N.,

Amin, I., Mir, M.U.R., Rashid, S.M., et al., 2021. Bio-indicator species and their role
in monitoring water pollution. In: Freshwater Pollution and Aquatic Ecosystems.
Apple Academic Press, pp. 321–347.

Marshall, A., Pierce, S., 2012. The use and abuse of photographic identification in sharks

and rays. J. Fish Biol. 80 (5), 1361–1379.

Melekhov, I., Kannala, J., Rahtu, E., 2016. Siamese network features for image matching.
In: 2016 23rd International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR), pp. 378–383.
https://doi.org/10.1109/ICPR.2016.7899663.

Misra, I., van der Maaten, L., 2019. Self-Supervised Learning of Pretext-Invariant

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide specific information about strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, common practices include setting a fixed random seed value before running experiments or averaging results over multiple runs with different random seeds to ensure reproducibility and reduce variability due to random initialization.