Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

results for these exploratory analyses of observed accuracy are provided 
in Supplementary Tables S1–S6, and the full raw data are available in 
Supplementary Dataset S1.

2.3. Algorithm training and testing 

We trained all algorithms on a random subset of 5256 pictures (80% 

of  the  6570-picture  dataset).  To  gauge  performance  consistency,  the 
training-testing  process  was  repeated  10  times  for  each  algorithm;  in 
each of these (pseudo-)replicate runs, all five algorithms used the same 
training and testing picture subsets.

database into training (80%) and testing sets (20%), and then trained and tested a convolutional neural network 
(AlexNet,  AN);  three  boosting-based  classifiers  (AdaBoost,  AB;  Gradient  Boosting,  GB;  and  Histogram-based 
Gradient Boosting, HB); and a linear discriminant model (LD). We assessed identification accuracy and speci-
ficity with logit-binomial generalized linear mixed models fit in a Bayesian framework. Differences in perfor-
mance across algorithms were mainly driven by AN’s essentially perfect accuracy and specificity, irrespective of 
picture angle or bug position. HB predicted accuracies ranged from ~0.987 (Panstrongylus, dorsal-oblique) to 
>0.999  (Triatoma,  dorsal-flat).  AB  accuracy  was  poor  for  Rhodnius  (~0.224–0.282)  and  Panstrongylus 
(~0.664–0.729), but high for Triatoma (~0.988–0.991). For Panstrongylus, LD and GB had predicted accuracies

AN  was  implemented  in  MATLAB  (www.mathworks.com).  For 
training,  we  used  the  stochastic  gradient  descent  with  momentum 
optimizer with default settings except for the initial learning rate (which 
we set to 0.001) and the maximum number of epochs (which we set to 15 
after  preliminary  tests).  The  ‘classical’  machine-learning  algorithms 
(AB, GB, HB, and LD) were run in Python (www.python.org) using the 
scikit-learn toolbox (Pedregosa et al., 2011). We left hyperparameters at 
scikit-learn  default  values,  except  for  the  learning  rate  of  GB  and  HB 
(which we set to 0.15) and the tolerance threshold value for LD (set to 1 
× 10

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors evaluated the performance of their deep learning model, AlexNet (AN), along with other machine learning algorithms, using two main metrics: identification accuracy and specificity. These metrics were assessed using logit-binomial generalized linear mixed models fit in a Bayesian framework. However, the paper does not explicitly mention the use of other common evaluation metrics such as precision, recall, or F1 score. It is important to note that different applications may require different evaluation metrics based on the problem's nature and requirements. In this study, the focus seems to be primarily on overall accuracy and specificity to determine the best performing algorithm for identifying triatomine bugs.