Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Finally, even if uncertainty can be quantified in all stages of analysis, 
which  we  attempted  to  do  (see  Appendix  B),  a  method  needs  to  be 
developed to incorporate all these sources of uncertainty into the final 
result (Comber et al., 2012). In the end, it was only possible to quali-
tatively  connect  our  results  back  to  ground  truthing  data.  This  was 
enough for our purposes but future work may be able to improve on the 
accuracy of the analysis as well as the propagation of uncertainty. 

Fig. 6. Much slower recovery from mining between A) 1944 and B) 2020. See 
supplementary materials for a time-lapse video of images over time. 

4.2. Potential improvements for mixed-methods analytical historical 
ecology 

changes in ecosystem response to different management actions, land 
use  patterns,  and  disturbances  such  as  fires,  floods  and  droughts  has 
helped to support ecocultural restoration goals.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, based on common practices in machine learning, some commonly used evaluation metrics for deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, and area under the curve (AUC). Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions out of total predictions made. Precision measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all positive predictions made. Recall measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all actual positives. F1 score combines both precision and recall into one metric. ROC curve plots the true positive rate against the false positive rate, while AUC represents the degree of separability between classes. It should be noted that the choice of evaluation metrics depends on the problem domain and the desired outcome. Without further context, it cannot be determined which specific metrics were used in this case.