Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

For the ML model, training and testing datasets were generated
through reference to existing field datasets and VHR images (Section
2.4.3, Table 2). Areas dominated by the target communities were digi-
tised as polygons and all pixels contained were extracted. These poly-
gons were then split into calibration and validation sets, with ~30% of
pixels for each VT reserved for independent model validation. Splitting
polygons rather than pixels minimises the effect of spatial autocorrela-
tion on model accuracies (Karasiak et al., 2022). We used a python
implementation of the XGBoostClassifier (Chen and Guestrin, 2016) to
classify the VTs, given optimised random trees can be developed
whereby each new tree learns from the errors of those previous. As input
to the ML algorithm, the seasonal vegetation index composites from S2,
backscatter composites from S1, elevation and slope were used, totalling
up to 54 features (Appendix-A). The compositing periods were chosen

and erosion of peat) (Jones et al., 2020; Smith et al., 2020). Broadleaved

minimizing inconsistencies in contextual datasets as well as taxonomical systems. The flexible structure of the
FAO LCCS hierarchical framework is also highlighted, emphasizing its adaptability for future improvements in
habitat mapping by incorporating contextual datasets and more advanced algorithms that can improve EO-
derived land cover descriptions.

a) Step-1: Comparing LWHabmod and GMEPmod (actual accuracies)
b) Step-2: Applying decision rules based on the peat depth, particularly
those affecting wetland/bog classes, to modify GMEPmod data labels.
c) Step-3: Applying decision rules (in addition to Step-2) based on the
Phase-1 Habitat map, and particularly those impacting on the clas-
sification of grassland, heathland, and scrub classes, to modify the
GMEPmod data labels.

These exercises were repeated for the broad habitat classes by

modifying the GMEPBHmod labels through Step-2 and Step-3.

2.6.2. Accuracy assessment for Pembrokeshire County

We undertook a dedicated survey of vegetated semi-natural habitats,
in Pembrokeshire in 2022 (Fig. 2) using the EarthTrack mobile appli-
cation developed through Living Wales (https://earthtrack.aber.ac.uk/)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for this purpose.