Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Received:	30	June	2017  |  Accepted:	13	October	2017
DOI:	10.1111/2041-210X.12926

R E S E A R C H   A R T I C L E

Predicting animal behaviour using deep learning: GPS data 
alone accurately predict diving in seabirds

Ella Browning1,2  | Mark Bolton3 | Ellie Owen4 | Akiko Shoji5 | Tim Guilford5 |  
Robin Freeman2

1Centre	for	Biodiversity	and	Environment	
Research,	University	College	London,	London,	
UK

2Institute	of	Zoology,	Zoological	Society	of	
London,	London,	UK

3RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Sandy,	Bedfordshire,	UK

4RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Inverness,	UK

5Department	of	Zoology,	Oxford	University,	
Oxford,	UK

Correspondence
Ella	Browning
Email:	ella.browning.14@ucl.ac.uk 
and
Robin Freeman
Email:	robin.freeman@ioz.ac.uk

Funding information
Natural	Environment	Research	Council,	Grant/
Award	Number:	NE/L002485/1

Abstract

1.	 To	 prevent	 further	 global	 declines	 in	 biodiversity,	 identifying	 and	 understanding	 key

0.93

0.87

0.88

0.28

0.32

0.32

0.34

0.22

0.23

T A B L E   4  The	results	of	two-		and	
three-	state	hidden	Markov	models.	PPV	is	
the	positive	predicted	value,	and	NPV	is	
the	negative	predicted	value

Under	both	cross-	validation	methods,	the	strongest	models	in	all	

promising	application	of	deep	learning	methods	for	analysing	animal	

species	 used	 various	 combinations	 of	 the	 variables,	 from	 coverage	

movement	datasets.

alone	to	all	four.	This	flexibility	allows	for	the	use	of	these	models	in	

The	computational	power	requirements	and	perceived	complexity	

a	wider	range	of	tracking	studies	as	the	data	obtained	can	vary.	For	

of	constructing	deep	learning	networks	may	have	hindered	their	use	in	

instance,	the	sampling	rate	of	the	logger	may	be	unknown	making	the	

previous	studies;	Valletta	et	al.	(2017)	in	their	review	highlight	the	po-

use	of	coverage	not	possible.	Models	using	coverage,	altitude	or	only

We	 accomplish	 this	 using	 supervised	 deep	 learning	 models.	 Deep	

F I G U R E   2  Example	of 	an	interpolated	GPS	track	collected	from	
a	single	razorbill	nesting	on	Colonsay	Island	off	the	east	coast	of	
Scotland	(RAZO0668).	The	location	of	the	colony	in	relation	to	the	
UK	is	shown.	The	green	dots	are	interpolated	GPS	locations,	and	the	
blue	open	circles	are	locations	where	dives	were	recorded	by	the	
TDR device

F I G U R E   1  The	locations	of 	colonies	where	European	shags	(a),	common	guillemots	(b)	and	razorbills	(c)	were	tracked	using	either,	GPS	and	
TDR	devices	(yellow	stars)	or	just	GPS	devices

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it is not possible to determine which specific cloud platform or service was used to deploy the deep learning model. The text only mentions that the deep learning models were constructed in R using H2O, but does not provide any details about where these models were deployed or run. Therefore, without additional information, we cannot definitively state which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model.