Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

References 

Abu, A., Diamant, R., 2022. Feature set for classification of man-made underwater 

objects in optical and sas data. IEEE Sensors J. 22 (6), 6027–6041. http://dx.doi.org/ 
10.1109/JSEN.2022.3148530. 

Bibby, C., Jones, M., Marsden, S., 1998. Expedition Field Techniques: Bird Surveys. Royal 

Geographical Society, London.  

Çalıs¸kan, A., 2023. Detecting human activity types from 3d posture data using deep 
learning models. Biomed. Signal Process. Control 81, 104479. http://dx.doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.bspc.2022.104479. 

Clements, N., Robinson, W., 2022. A re-survey of winter bird communities in the Oregon 
coast range, USA, initially surveyed in 1968-1970. Biodiers. Data J. http://dx.doi. 
org/10.3897/arphapreprints.e91575. Aug.  

Davis, K.L., Silverman, E.D., Sussman, A.L., Wilson, R.R., Zipkin, E.F., 2022. Errors in 

aerial survey count data: identifying pitfalls and solutions. Ecol. Evol. 12 (3), e8733 
http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ece3.8733.

UCLAN 
UCLAN 
APEM 
Average 

✓ 
✓✓ 
✓✓✓ 
✓✓✓✓  

varies from 7 s to 16 s, depending on the image size and the number of 
objects in the image and their sizes, which is a very fast processing time 
for  high-pixels-per-image  (HPP)  images  up  to  50  MB  based  on  the 
camera system that is explained in Section 3. The overall computational 
complexity of the developed algorithms is O(n log n). It is important to 
point out that the supervised DL and ML approaches, designed by us in 
our previous work in (Kuru et al., 2023), that runs on similar images in 
the same surveys, can detect specific marine small natural objects (e.g., 
birds) in a few seconds (i.e., between 2 and 4 s). In this sense, we can 
conclude that DL and ML techniques slightly outperform the proposed 
non-supervised technique developed in this study considering the pro-
cessing time.

There  are  numerous  studies  in  the  literature  to  detect  underwater 
man-made  objects  (MMOs)  within  a  limited  region  of  interest  (RoI) 
using  underwater  imagery,  robots  or  sonography.  For  instance,  Abu 
et  al.  (Abu  and  Diamant,  2022)  proposes  a  contour-based  features 
analysis method to discern underwater MMOs from natural environment 
considering that contours of MMOs' are supposed to be smoother than 
natural objects. There are a limited number of studies in the literature to 
detect specific types of surface marine MMOs using supervised Machine 
Learning  (ML)  and  Deep  Learning  (DL)  approaches  that  require  prior 
training in the marine ecosystem. For instance, Han et al. (Han et al., 
2022) proposed a DL technique titled LCSE-ResNet to detect, classify and 
locate  vessels  and  oil  platforms  based  on  remote  optical  imagery,  by 
which all other MMOs are excluded. There are no studies in the litera-

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1022858K. Kuru et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 12. Stationary example 2: man-made object detection.  

overfitting, and finally iii) let field experts evaluate the model with a 
completely new dataset independent from the first and second datasets. 
The model can be deployed if it passes these three phases successfully. 
These phases are outlined in Fig. 3. The obtained results as well as their 
evaluation  are  provided  in  the  following  section.  The  experimental 
design of data utilisation and data processing phases with their targeted 
objectives are outlined in Table 3 regarding the APEM‘s database. The 
viability of the methodology was ensured in 4 phases.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given references and information, there isn't enough detail to determine the exact type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. However, some clues suggest that a convolutional neural network (CNN) might have been employed. For instance, the paper mentions the use of deep learning methods for analyzing high-resolution images, which often involves CNN architectures due to their effectiveness in handling spatial data. Additionally, the reference to LCSE-ResNet, a variant of Residual Networks (ResNets), further supports the possibility of using a CNN-based approach. Nevertheless, without explicit confirmation, one cannot definitively state the type of deep learning model used in the pipeline.