Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Finally,  the  metric  developed  here  can  become  useful  in  various 
application contexts. Here we discuss four main potential applications of 
the proposed approach.

class,  the  sample  variance  led  to  an  R2  practically  always  above  0.4. 
Some slight reductions are observed only for very low values of L, which 
suggests  that  a  minimum  number  of  pixels  should  be  used  for  the 
computation of the sample variance. The maximum R2 obtained for this 
case is around 0.47 and is obtained for L = 425. Also the other metrics 
have a peak around L = 425: a progressive decrease is then observed. For 
large values of L, the R2 values reported in Fig. 12 are found. For values 
of L lower than 800, the NSL is the metric with the lowest R2 whereas, for 
larger values, it has a behaviour similar to that of the absolute deviation. 
When  the  “Other  Plants”  class  is  considered,  the  best  results  are 
obtained when considering the NSL. While it is difficult to determine the 
root cause of this effect, it is important to remind that only 33 points 
belong to this class. Thus, this result needs to be confirmed by consid-

ering larger datasets. Also in this case, larger R2 values are found when 
considering L < 500.

2.8. Metric-to-distance models 

The metrics discussed above have been computed using the reference 
data generated according to the procedure discussed in Section 2.4 and 
plotted as a function of the measured distances, di. In this way, scatter 
plots have been obtained. When both mi and di are plotted in logarithmic 
scale, a linear trend was observed. In the following, symbol mi is used to 
denote  a  generic  metric:  the  appropriate  subscript  is  used  to  indicate 
specific quantities. 

While  the  scatter  plots  obtained  for  the  different  metrics  will  be 
discussed  in  the  “Results”  section,  the  linear  trends  observed  when 
logarithmic scales are adopted suggested the use of linear models for 
regression analysis (Casella and Berger, 2001; Draper and Smith, 1998): 

log(mi) = α + βlog(di).

This model implies a power law between mi and di, 

mi = eαdβ

i = k⋅dβ
i .

(14) 

(15)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information about specific evaluation metrics such as accuracy, precision, or recall being used to assess the performance of a deep learning model. However, several metrics are mentioned throughout the text, including R^2, NSL, and sample variance. These metrics appear to be related to the computation of distance measures rather than traditional classification metrics like accuracy, precision, or recall. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, it cannot be determined what specific evaluation metrics are used to measure the performance of a deep learning model.