Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Supplementary Materials: The following items are available online at https://www.mdpi.com/20
72-4292/13/2/319/s1. Figure S1: Confusion matrix for farm dam detection with our deep learning
CNN. Figure S2: The surface area of unreported dams used to estimate their median water capacity.
Figure S3: Examples of undocumented farm dams that were identiﬁed with our deep learning CNN.
Figure S4: Step-by-step graphical diagram for the methods to calculate the absolute and relative
rates in the construction of Australian farm dams. Figure S5: Predicted probability for a successful
veriﬁcation (true positive) for each dam in our dataset. Figure S6: Estimated rates of annual increase
in dam densities between the years 1988 and 2015 in each State and Territory of Australia. Figure S7:
Historical trends in farm dam size with year of construction for each State and Territory. Table S1:
Summary table for all farm dam datasets used in this study.

To avoid manual labelling of all 7362 downloaded images, we took a random subsam-
ple of 400 images and labelled them into “dam” or “not dam” and we trained a classiﬁcation
model on the labelled data. We utilised transfer learning by initialising an ImageNet pre-
trained ResNet34 model [30]. We applied an 80–20% split for training and validation
datasets, respectively. To help generalise the model, we used data augmentation with the
fastai get_transforms function [30] and the following arguments: “ﬂip_vert = TRUE” to
allow for vertical ﬂipping of images, “max_lighting = 0.02” to limit overly exposing the
images, “max_zoom = 1” to disable the zooming augmentation, and “to_fp16 = TRUE” to
reduce the memory load on the graphical processing unit (GPU). We set the batch size to
300 images and trained the model with a learning rate of 10−3 for ten epochs. At epoch 5,
we achieved an error rate of 0.1538 (15.38%) a validation loss of 0.4211 and a training loss

Abstract: Farm dams are a ubiquitous limnological feature of agricultural landscapes worldwide.
While their primary function is to capture and store water, they also have disproportionally large
effects on biodiversity and biogeochemical cycling, with important relevance to several Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs). However, the abundance and distribution of farm dams is unknown
in most parts of the world. Therefore, we used artiﬁcial intelligence and remote sensing data to
address this critical global information gap. Speciﬁcally, we trained a deep learning convolutional
neural network (CNN) on high-deﬁnition satellite images to detect farm dams and carry out the
ﬁrst continental-scale assessment on density, distribution and historical trends. We found that in
Australia there are 1.765 million farm dams that occupy an area larger than Rhode Island (4678 km2)
and store over 20 times more water than Sydney Harbour (10,990 GL). The State of New South Wales

of 0.8287. We used the trained model to automatise the classiﬁcation of 500 more images
from the unlabelled training dataset, and we manually ﬁxed any mistakes. We repeated
this process of training, classiﬁcation and checking until all of the 7362 downloaded images
were labelled.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors utilized a binary classification approach for labeling the images into either 'dam' or 'not dam'. This was done through a supervised learning method where a subset of 400 images from the total 7362 images was randomly selected and labeled accordingly. The remaining images were then classified using the trained model, which was later checked and corrected manually if necessary. This process continued iteratively until all images were labeled. No specific mention of other data annotation techniques such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation was made in the given context.