Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

standard  for  most  research  teams  which  are  becoming  familiar  with 
deep learning approaches.

the growing computing capability of machines and availability of big 
data, making it possible to extract high levels of representation of image 
content  (Hassaballah  and  Hosny,  2019).  This  field  falls  into  artificial 
intelligence  and,  in  particular,  deep  learning,  which  has  recently 
received  large  attention  from  ecologists  (Christin  et  al.,  2019).  Deep 
learning  is  a  sub-field  of  artificial  intelligence  which  focuses  on  a 
learning method based on logical structures that closely resemble the 
architectural  characteristics  of  the  brain  (the  so-called  deep  artificial 
neural networks). It consists of processing units within the global system 
that  specialize  in  detecting certain  hidden  characteristics  in the  data. 
The  first  record  of  the  application  of  computer  vision  in  the  field  of 
fisheries  dates  from  1980s,  which  consisted  in  a  method  for  sorting

4. Discussion 

Deep learning is a rising tool for ecologists, covering a wide range of 
topics (Christin et al., 2019), such as the identification of animal species 
(Norouzzadeh et al., 2021) or the estimation of biodiversity in large data 
sets  (James  and  Bradshaw,  2020).  Among  the  current  applications  of 
deep learning techniques in ecology, identification and classification of 
individuals based on photographs have been proposed as a useful tool

straightforward methodology, and it is developed within a much more 
limited scenario, which is the standard for most research teams which 
are becoming familiar with deep learning approaches.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used.