Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The method requires manually setting several parameters, described 
in more details in the user guide.7 In particular, about half a dozen pa-
rameters allow to set thresholds on the size of the support of the output 
redescriptions and to control the length and complexity of their queries. 
We required that at least 1% of localities satisfy both queries (Min-
SuppIn) and that at least 30% of localities satisfy neither of the queries 
(MinSuppOut). In other words, the intersection of the supports of the 
two  queries  (the  support  of  the  redescription)  and  their  union  were 
required to contain at least 1% and at most 70% of all localities. This is 
an inclusive choice, not overly restrictive, that aims at capturing local 
patterns. Increasing the upper threshold further would jeopardize the 
local aspect of the analysis, and would lead to something more akin to 
non-linear regression. For a redescription to be informative, its support

to three dental variables and two climate variables. In the second run, 
we allowed dental queries to involve disjunctions, and climate queries to 
contain up to three variables, but tightened the requirement of accuracy 
gain.  Specifically,  under  this  constraint,  a  candidate  query  can  be 
extended by automatically adding the next variable only if the accuracy, 
as measured by the Jaccard coefficient, increases by a least 0.1. The goal 
is to obtain interpretable, not overly complex (long) queries. This can be 
achieved either explicitly, by limiting the number of variables and the 
operators  used  in  the  queries,  as  in  the  first  run,  or  implicitly,  by 
allowing increased complexity only if it brings substantial improvement 
in terms of accuracy, as in the second run. 

4.3. Selecting individual redescriptions for further analyses

WarmM) is between 19.6 and 38.5 

+

◦

Then, a redescription is a pair of queries, one over climate variables 
and one over dental trait variables respectively denoted as qD  and qC, 
having similar supports, that is, such that their respective sets of satis-
fying  localities  overlap  as  much  as  possible.  The  support  of  a  rede-
scription is the subset of localities at which both queries are satisfied, i.e. 
the  set  of  localities  that  meet  both  the  climate  as  well  as  the  dental 
conditions. Overloading the notation, we denote the support of a rede-
scription R = (qD, qC) as supp(R), which is such that 

supp(R) = supp(qD) ∩ supp(qC).

The  first  run,  with  strict  explicit  constraints,  generated  271  re-
descriptions while the second run, with stringent threshold on accuracy 
gains,  generated  188  redescriptions.  Either  run  took  about 50  min  to 
complete on a commodity laptop. 

We filter the two collections separately, ranking the redescriptions 
by  decreasing  accuracy  and  removing  any  redescription  having  more 
than 90% of its support in common with a higher-ranked one. That is, a 
redescription Rx is removed from the set of results if it contains a more 
accurate redescription Ry such that 
(cid:0)

⃒
⃒supp(Rx) ∩ supp
(cid:0) ⃒
⃒supp(Rx) |,|supp

)⃒
⃒
)

Ry
(cid:0)

Ry

min

) > 0.9.

|

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no mention of specific deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch being used to build the model. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding which framework was utilized.