Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Segmentation step: First, the input image is segmented using the multi-resolution algorithm ([35]).
In this step, the user has to manually optimize and initialize a set of non-dimensional parameters
namely: (i) The scale parameter, to control the average image segment size by defining the
maximum allowed heterogeneity (in color and shape) for the resulting image objects. The higher
the value, the larger the resulting image objects. (ii) The shape versus color parameter, to prioritize
homogeneity in color versus in shape or texture when creating the image objects. Values closer to
one indicate shape priority, while values closer to zero indicate color priority. (iii) The compactness
versus smoothness parameter, to prioritize whether producing compact objects over smooth edges
during the segmentation. Values closer to one indicate compactness priority, while values closer
to zero indicate smoothness priority ([36]). The results of the segmentation must be validated by

wt+1 = µwt − α∆J(wt)

(2)

where µ is the momentum weight for the current weights wt and α is the learning rate.

The network weights, wt, can be randomly initialized if the network is trained from scratch.
However, this is suitable only when a large labeled training-set is available, which is expensive in
practice. Several previous studies have shown that data-augmentation ([44]) and transfer learning ([45])
help overcoming this limitation.

•

the same ﬁltering method called detection proposal.

The second group focuses on the classiﬁcation or tagging of whole aerial RGB images (commonly
called scene classiﬁcation). These works also reported good accuracies on benchmark databases such
as, UC-Merced dataset [27] and Brazilian Coffee Scenes dataset [28] ([22,29]). Both of these datasets
contain a large number of manually labeled images. For example, the Brazilian Coffee Scenes dataset
contains 50,000 of 64 × 64-pixel tiles, labeled as coffee (1438) non-coffee (36,577) or mixed (12,989) and
UC-Merced dataset contains 2100 256 × 256-pixel images labeled as belonging to 21 land-use classes,
with 100 images corresponding to each class. Several works have reached classiﬁcation accuracies
greater than 95% on these database ([22,29]).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given context, it appears that the optimization of the hyperparameters of the model is done manually by the user. Specifically, the user needs to manually optimize and initialize a set of non-dimensional parameters, including the scale parameter, the shape versus color parameter, and the compactness versus smoothness parameter. However, there is no mention of specific methods used for this optimization process, such as grid search or random search. Therefore, based solely on the information provided, it cannot be determined how exactly the hyperparameters of the model are optimized beyond manual adjustments made by the user.