Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Labeling Time 
Training Time 
Turnaround 

Time 
Accuracy 

Very Short 
1.0 h 

4 h 

89.4% 

Short 
6.9 h 

22 h 

94.0% 

Very Long 
~3.5 h 

94 h 

98%  

4. Discussions 

The  development  of  deep  learning  methodologies  continues  to 
advance at an astonishing rate and be applied to various applications 
ranging from biomedical (Azghadi et al., 2020), hydrological processes 
in river channels (Talukdar et al., 2023) and agricultural (Olsen et al., 
2019) systems, to marine (Laradji et al., 2021; Saleh et al., 2022b), and 
environmental (Jahanbakht et al., 2022a) sciences. The application of 
deep learning technologies has been also used in profiling the ecosystem 
services of estuarine habitats by community members (Yee et al., 2023). 
In this paper, we extend the application of deep learning methodologies 
to advance state-of-the-art underwater fish video processing techniques 
applied to turbid waters.

1.  Collecting and presenting a new fish dataset in turbid waters.  
2.  Weakly  labelling  this  dataset  to  provide  the  world’s  first  weakly 

labeled fish dataset in turbid waters.  

3.  Developing two novel deep learning models to achieve two different 

goals.  
a.  A  semi-supervised  model  for  accelerating  model  development 

speed from data collection to deployment.  

b.  A  weakly-supervised  model  for  accelerating  the  development 
time,  while  also  conserving  the  accuracy,  compared  to  the  fast 
semi-supervised model.

We collected the FishInTurbidWater dataset and quickly and weakly 
labeled  it  to  contribute  to  the  first  weakly-supervised  fish  dataset  in 
turbid  waters.  We,  then  used  this  dataset  to  develop  two  novel  deep 
learning networks, one using semi-supervised contrastive learning for 
significantly  accelerated  model  deployment  time,  and  one  weakly- 
supervised  model  to  shorten  deployment  time,  while  providing  high 
accuracy. 

For  semi-supervised  contrastive  learning,  we  first  trained  a  self- 
supervised  contrastive  learning  model  and  then  fine-tuned  it  on  our

The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section 2 de-
scribes  the  weakly-supervised  database  and  proposes  two  DNN  struc-
tures  as  a  novel  solution  to  the  problem  of  fish  detection  in  turbid 
waters. We evaluate the accuracy of the proposed models, compare them 
with each other, and with the other fully-supervised models in Section 3. 
A  detailed  discussion  of  our  findings  is  carried  out  in  Section  4.  The 
paper is concluded in Section 5. 

2. Material and methods 

This section starts by describing our labeled dataset and then pro-
ceeds by proposing two DNN models to enhance the capability of marine 
scientists in turbid underwater and coastal environment monitoring. 

2.1. Weakly labeled public FishInTurbidWater dataset

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given information, there isn't any explicit mention of the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that the authors have created their own dataset called 'FishInTurbidWater'. This suggests that they might have employed some form of data collection technique such as underwater cameras or sensors to gather images or videos of fishes in turbid water conditions. Unfortunately, without more specific details about the data collection process, it is not possible to definitively determine the exact methods used.