Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Bank, D., Koenigstein, N., Giryes, R., 2023. Autoencoders. In: Machine Learning for Data 
Science Handbook: Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery Handbook, pp. 353–374. 
Belgiu, M., Dr˘agut¸, L., 2016. Random forest in remote sensing: a review of applications 

and future directions. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 114, 24–31. 
Carrascal, L.M., Galv´an, I., Gordo, O., 2009. Partial least squares regression as an 

alternative to current regression methods used in ecology. Oikos 118 (5), 681–690. 
Castilho, C.V., Magnusson, W.E., de Araújo, R.N.O., Luizao, R.C., Luizao, F.J., Lima, A.P., 

Higuchi, N., 2006. Variation in aboveground tree live biomass in a central 
Amazonian Forest: effects of soil and topography. For. Ecol. Manag. 234 (1–3), 
85–96. 

Chauvel, A., Lucas, Y., Boulet, R., 1987. On the genesis of the soil mantle of the region of 

Manaus, Central Amazonia, Brazil. Experientia 43, 234–241.

both training and testing. A critical point to highlight is that models are 
retrained  for  each  fold,  preventing  previous  fold’s  information  from 
being transferred. We utilized the pretrained ResNet-34 (Which consists 
of  a  34-layer  convolutional  neural  network)  architecture  which  is  a 
variant of the ResNet (Residual Network) family, widely used for deep 
learning tasks, particularly in computer vision (He et al., 2016). ResNet- 
34 was used inside the fast.ai framework (Howard and Gugger, 2020) to 
leverage  existing  knowledge,  this  is  particularly  useful  in  our  dataset 
since its small size. Transfer learning generally consists in using a model 
pre-trained  on  broad  datasets,  like  ImageNet  (Deng  et  al.,  2009),  to 
specialized tasks with more limited data. As part of the cross-validation 
of the Leave-One-Group-Out approach, the test directory containing the 
multitemporal transect was temporarily moved to test, and DataLoaders

To expand our dataset, we tripled the image pool for each transect by 
incorporating multi-temporal data. By drawing data from a three-month 
span (March, September and October 2015) across three environments, 
we could more effectively train and test deep learning models, which 
inherently  demand  many  images  to  learn  effectively,  however,

Here,  our  main  objective  is  to  test  a  novel  approach  to  analyzing 
LiDAR  data  in  the  context  of  forest  ecology.  In  this  approach,  LiDAR 
point clouds are transformed into images and deep learning techniques 
are applied. We use a ground-based profiling canopy LiDAR (PCL) multi- 
temporal dataset sourced from a small yet representative region in the 
central Amazon. The area is characterized by a marked gradient in soil 
texture and soil drainage along a mature hillslope or topographic profile, 
with LiDAR surveys conducted at high, medium, and low points along 
the topographic gradient that we refer to as Plateau (p), White-sand (w), 
and Riparian (r), respectively. These topographical gradients are ideal 
for  exploring  the  relationships  between  terrain  variation  and  forest 
structure, offering unique insights into the ecological dynamics of this 
region. We use this unique, multi-temporal LiDAR dataset to investigate

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes a ground-based profiling canopy LiDAR (PCL) multi-temporal dataset sourced from a small yet representative region in the central Amazon. The area is characterized by a marked gradient in soil texture and soil drainage along a mature hillslope or topographic profile. LiDAR surveys were conducted at high, medium, and low points along the topographic gradient, referred to as Plateau (p), White-sand (w), and Riparian (r), respectively. This unique, multi-temporal LiDAR dataset is used to explore the relationships between terrain variation and forest structure, providing valuable insights into the ecological dynamics of the region. Additionally, the study incorporates multi-temporal data drawn from a three-month span (March, September, and October 2015) across three environments to create a larger dataset for training and testing deep learning models.