Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The second approach we used to extract embeddings was from the 
pre-trained  BirdNET  model.  The  original  version  of  the  model  was

We expected higher performance of the embeddings, but a possible 
limitation to our study may be the use of pre-trained CNNs. This may 
have limited the potential performance of using embedding from neural 
networks.  Interestingly,  higher  classification  accuracy was  seen  when 
using  BirdNET,  a  CNN  trained  on  audio  data  of  bird  vocalizations  in 
comparison  with  VGGish  and  Wav2Vec  2.0,  two  models  trained 
respectively on a vast Youtube audio dataset and a human speech audio 
dataset. This suggests that training a model with data input of gibbon 
vocalizations might result in an even better performance of neural net-
works for individual gibbon discrimination. However, such data training 
requires a large dataset and is very computationally costly, hence why 
we chose to test pre-trained CNNs.

of length 2048. Model and code was run in Python version 3.10 based on 
the code and methods presented in: https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET 
-Analyzer.

contribute  to  larger  data  input  for  future  training  of  deep  learning 
models (Best  et  al., 2023).  Accordingly, the  rapid growth of  artificial 
intelligence  and  deep  learning  methods  could  bring  about  important 
innovations related to feature extraction and classification with the aim 
of overcoming the current challenges halting the use of PAM for indi-
vidual acoustic discrimination and succeeding in a sustained and non- 
invasive monitoring of animal populations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the researchers utilized a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) called BirdNET for extracting embeddings. They compared its performance against other pre-trained models like VGGish and Wav2Vec 2.0. While they observed higher classification accuracy with BirdNET, which was specifically trained on audio data of bird vocalizations, they acknowledged that their methodology had limitations due to the use of pre-trained CNNs. Despite these constraints, they expressed optimism that further advancements in AI and deep learning techniques would lead to significant improvements in feature extraction and classification, ultimately enabling more effective use of Passive Acoustic Monitoring (PAM) for individual acoustic discrimination and long-term, non-invasive monitoring of animal populations.