Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To train the EfficientNet, we prepared 4000 images for each category 
using the data augmentation method proposed above. We used 80% of 
the 4000 images for training and the remaining 20% for validation. The 
EfficientNet was trained by the Adagrad in 100 epochs. The dropout rate 
for each task was set at 0.5. The batch size was set at 20. 

All evaluations were performed on the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080Ti 
GPU with 11G memory, and the software was Windows 10, Python 3.7, 
CUDA 10.2. Keras 2.4.3 were used to build all models. 

To compare model results with the test video, we used IoU as the 
threshold  for  positives  or  negatives  based  on  the  object  confidence 
scores estimated by the object detector. IoU was defined as the inter-
section  over  the  union  of  the  two  bounding  boxes,  which  were  the 
ground-truth  bounding  box  and  the  predicted  bounding  box.  In  this 
paper, we set the threshold of IoU at 0.3 to consider correct or incorrect 
detection results.

Tan, M., Le, Q., 2019. EfficientNet: rethinking model scaling for convolutional neural 
networks. In: Chaudhuri, K., Salakhutdinov, R. (Eds.), Proceedings of the 36th 
International Conference on Machine Learning. PMLR, pp. 6105–6114. 

Tresson, P., Carval, D., Tixier, P., Puech, W., 2021. Hierarchical classification of very 
small objects: application to the detection of arthropod species. IEEE Access 9, 
63925–63932. 

Tresson, P., Tixier, P., Puech, W., Bagny Beilhe, L., Roudine, S., Pages, C., Carval, D., 

2019. CORIGAN: assessing multiple species and interactions within images. Methods 
Ecol. Evol. 10, 1888–1893. 

Valan, M., Makonyi, K., Maki, A., Vondr´aˇcek, D., Ronquist, F., 2019. Automated 

taxonomic identification of insects with expert-level accuracy using effective feature 
transfer from convolutional networks. Syst. Biol. 68, 876–895. 

Van Etten, A., 2018. You only look twice: rapid multi-scale object detection in satellite

To re-identify the candidate regions, we inputted outputs from the 
YOLOv4  into  the  EfficientNet.  As  mentioned  above,  there  were  eight 
types of the EfficientNet. Starting from the baseline EfficientNet-B0, the 
baseline network was scaled up from EfficientNet-B1 to B7 based on the

The  past  development  of  CNN  was  synonymous  to  the  increased 
depth of the network. By increasing the depth and widening the channel 
size, a more complex network achieved a high resolution of the image 
data. In addition, it resulted in more fine-grained characteristics. This 
development in the network size improved the classification accuracy of 
the network, but also led to the problem of the high computational cost 
of the gradient explosion parameter. ResNet (He et al., 2015) proposed 
that skip connection could avoid gradient explosion skillfully. Mobile-
Net (Howard et al., 2017) used pointwise and depthwise convolutions to 
reduce network parameters and improve training efficiency. The SENet 
(Hu et al., 2017) weighted various features by loss of network training in 
order to achieve better results in model training.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the deep learning model used in the pipeline is EfficientNet, which is a type of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). The EfficientNet model was introduced in the paper titled "EfficientNet: Rethinking Model Scaling for Convolutional Neural Networks" by Tan and Le in 2019. It is designed to scale up the baseline network while maintaining the same level of computational resources. The authors propose a new scaling method called compound scaling, which uniformly scales the width, depth, and resolution of the network. This approach allows them to create a family of models, ranging from EfficientNet-B0 to EfficientNet-B7, where each subsequent model has higher capacity and performance compared to its predecessor.

In the given context, the EfficientNet model is used in conjunction with YOLOv4, another deep learning model that is also based on CNN architecture. Specifically, the output from YOLOv4 is fed into the EfficientNet model to re-identify the candidate regions. This suggests that both models are part of the same pipeline, with YOLOv4 being responsible for detecting objects in the input image, and EfficientNet being responsible for classifying those detected objects.

Overall, the use of EfficientNet in this pipeline demonstrates the effectiveness of CNN architectures in computer vision tasks such as object detection and classification.