Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Methods
Searching Flickr
We accessed publicly visible image data on the website Flickr (www.ﬂickr.
com). Flickr is a website used for image hosting and has an application pro-
gramming interface (API) that allows queries of the image database. Images
hosted on Flickr tend to be better annotated with tags, location, and descrip-
tion than other potential sources of image data, such as Twitter, potentially
because Flickr is targeted at people with a keen interest in photography.
This potentially explains why Flickr has been used in previous studies to
develop a better understanding of people’s subjective experience of the envi-
in which they live,41 and to automate assessment of cultural
ronment
ecosystem services.34 We searched Flickr using the R-package ‘‘photo-
searcher’’46 (https://github.com/ropensci/photosearcher) for images that con-
tained the word ‘‘ﬂower’’ in either their title, description, or tags. We found that

Access to the Pl@ntNet classiﬁcation tool is provided through a dedicated
API available at my.plantnet.org. The main feature of this API is a RESTful
JSON-based web service that can accept one to ﬁve images of a plant and re-
turns a list of likely species. The species are associated with classiﬁcation
scores (the softmax output of the CNN), as well as a list of matching images
retrieved from the database. To facilitate the implementation of future studies
based on the methodology of this paper, we have developed the ‘‘plantnet’’51
R-package allowing users to query the Pl@ntNet API. The package is available
online at https://github.com/BiologicalRecordsCentre/plantnet.

the Pl@ntNet user community (currently 1.8 million user accounts). At the time
of writing, the CNN architecture used is the inception model49 extended with
batch normalization.50 The network is pre-trained on the commonly used Im-
ageNet dataset and ﬁne-tuned on Pl@ntNet data. Pl@ntNet currently covers
30,261 species illustrated by more than 2.9 million images. The taxonomic
coverage of our study is therefore one to three orders of magnitude larger
than previously published studies making use of automated species identiﬁca-
tion for ecological research. The training of Pl@ntNet CNN requires the mobi-
lization of a high-performance computing infrastructure and expertise in deep,
distributed, and large-scale learning. Thus, the resulting classiﬁcation tool is in
itself a major advance in biodiversity data science.

DISCUSSION

By combining social media APIs with AI classiﬁers, we were able
to build an AI naturalist capable of creating biodiversity datasets
from previously unexploited data sources. However, we demon-
strate that there are a number of biases in the data produced,
some of which may be able to be mitigated against, that must
be carefully considered before the data could be used in certain
types of analyses.

Image data are being collected in vast quantities all over the
world, and we have looked at only one repository. We focused
on Flickr because of its accessibility and rich metadata, which
allowed us to ﬁlter images using text and spatial searches. Other
notable sources of image data include Facebook, Twitter, Reddit,
and Instagram; however, these all pose greater challenges in terms
of collating and ﬁltering, with geolocation of images perhaps being
the greatest challenge. Beyond social media there are a number of
other sources of data that researchers might consider, including

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses the use of the Pl@ntNet classification tool, which uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on ImageNet and fine-tuned on Pl@ntNet data. This suggests that some form of image labeling was performed during the creation of the Pl@ntNet dataset. Additionally, the authors mention searching Flickr for images containing the word 'flower', indicating that keyword tagging was also utilized. In summary, while the exact data annotation techniques employed in the deep learning pipeline are not specified, it appears that image labeling and keyword tagging played significant roles in preparing the dataset for analysis.