Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

CNNs need a large number of examples to achieve good learning. However, building dataset from scratch is 
costly and time consuming. To overcome these limitations in practice, two techniques are used: Transfer learning 
and data-augmentation. Transfer-learning consists of using the knowledge acquired in problem A to problem 
B. This is implemented by initializing the weights of the model for problem B using the pre-trained weights on 
problem A. Data-augmentation consists of applying specific transformations to the training images. In general, 
these transformations simulate the deformations that data could suffer in real world, e.g., scaling, rotations, trans-
lations, different illumination conditions, cropping parts of the image. It was demonstrated in several works that 
data-augmentation increases the robustness and generalization capacity of CNNs40.

1

www.nature.com/scientificreportsnumber of annotated images to later make correct predictions on new images37. Although the construction of a 
dataset for training is costly, the learning of CNNs on small datasets can be boosted by data-augmentation, which 
consists of increasing the volume of the training dataset artificially, and additionally by transfer learning, which 
consists of starting the learning of the network from a prior knowledge rather from scratch38,39.

trends. J. Exp. Mar. Biol. Ecol. 368, 1–8 (2009).

 54.  Esteva, A. et al. Dermatologist-level classification of skin cancer with deep neural networks. Nature 542, 115–118 (2017).
 55.  Silver, D. et al. Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search. Nature 529, 484–489 (2016).
 56.  Mnih, V. et al. Human-level control through deep reinforcement learning. Nature 518, 529–533 (2015).
 57.  Dodge, S. & Karam, L. Understanding how image quality affects deep neural networks. In 2016 Eighth International Conference on 

Quality of Multimedia Experience (QoMEX) 1–6, https://doi.org/10.1109/QoMEX.2016.7498955 (2016).

 58.  Kim, J., Lee, J. K. & Lee, K. M. Accurate Image Super-Resolution Using Very Deep Convolutional Networks. in Proc. CVPR IEEE 

1646–1654, https://doi.org/10.1109/CVPR.2016.182 (2016).

 59.  Tabik, S., Peralta, D., Herrera-Poyatos, A. & Herrera, F. A snapshot of image pre-processing for convolutional neural networks: case

Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are a specialized type of neural networks capable of extracting spatial 
patterns from images. Their architecture is built by staking three main types of layers: (1) convolutional layer, 
which is used to extract features at different levels of the hierarchy, (2) pooling layer, which is essentially a reduc-
tion operation used to increase the abstraction level of the extracted features and (3) fully connected layer, which 
is used as a classifier at the end of the pipeline.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline include various transformations applied to the training images. These transformations aim to simulate the deformations that data might experience in real-world scenarios. Some common data augmentation techniques include scaling, rotation, translation, changes in illumination conditions, and cropping parts of the image. The primary goal of data augmentation is to enhance the robustness and generalization capabilities of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), making them more effective in handling diverse input data.