Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

overfitting. These samples are selected randomly from all areas that are 
used in the training set, and are never used to fit the model. The model is 
trained for 150 epochs and with a batch size of 128. Dropout (Srivastava 
et al., 2014) with a rate of 0.3 is used during the training to make it more 
stable. Furthermore, ADAM optimisation (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a 
learning  rate  of  0.0001  is  used  to  find  optimal  weights  in  the  neural 
network in order to minimise the cross entropy loss between the net-
work’s predictions and the pre-labelled data.

A 10-fold cross validation is performed in order for the result to be 
generalizable for the remaining maps, to which the CNN is also applied. 
To create the 10 different sets for the cross validation, we split the map 
by placing a 3 × 3 grid over the map. The region that is studies is not 
shaped  as  a  square,  and  the  central  cell  contains  more  area  than  the 
other 8. This cell is, therefore, split into two cells making it 10 sets in 
total. The division of the different sets are shown in Fig. 2. During the 
training of the CNN 9 of these sets are used for the training and the final 
one is used for evaluation. A challenge to the CNN is that the terrain 
differs in the different areas, as well as the style of the maps, and thus 
splitting the dataset in this way would give a good hint on the capability 
of  the  CNN  to  generalise.  Among  the  samples  that  are  used  for  the 
training  20%  is  used  as  a  validation  set  to  prevent  the  method  from

The  presented  CNN  performs  well  and  achieves  a  F1-score  of  0.886  when  evaluated  using  a  10-fold  cross 
validation over the data. The trained models are additionally used to generate a GIS layer of the presumable 
historical geographical distribution of wetlands for the area that is depicted in the southern collection in Gen-
eralstabskartan, which covers the southern half of Sweden. This GIS layer is released as an open resource and can 
be freely used.

2.4. Data pre-processing 

2.2. Convolutional neural networks 

The  idea  behind  convolutional  neural  networks  (CNNs)  was  first 

As mentioned in the previous sections, the data is first split up into 
several  larger  blocks,  depending  on  coordinates,  with  the  purpose  to 
cross validate the model. These blocks are then split into many smaller 
areas of 80 × 80 pixels, due to limitations in the available amount of 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015572N. Ståhl and L. Weimann

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The performance of the deep learning model, specifically a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), is evaluated using the F1-score metric. The F1-score is calculated based on the precision and recall of the model's predictions. In this case, the CNN achieved a F1-score of 0.886 when evaluated using a 10-fold cross-validation over the data. Other common metrics used to evaluate deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, and Area Under Curve (AUC). However, the text does not explicitly mention if any other metrics were used apart from the F1-score.