Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)10253516P.J.S. Vega et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 9. Architecture details of the deep learning-based classifiers evaluated in this work. In the figure, each network architecture is represented in the green blocks 
separately. The orange block shows the fully connected layers at the end of all networks. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.) 

References 

Abdar, M., Pourpanah, F., Hussain, S., Rezazadegan, D., Liu, L., Ghavamzadeh, M., 

Fieguth, P., Cao, X., Khosravi, A., Acharya, U.R., et al., 2021. A review of uncertainty 
quantification in deep learning: techniques, applications and challenges. Inform. 
Fusion 76, 243–297.

6. Conclusions 

In  this  work,  six  state-of-the-art  deep  learning  architectures  were 
evaluated  for  the  problem  of  deep-sea  substratum  characterization. 
Additionally, a classification decision committee (CDC) constituted by 
an  ensemble  of  networks  with  those  architectures,  in  which  the  indi-
vidual predictions are fused through a majority voting mechanism, was 
proposed and evaluated. 

All deep learning models were evaluated on single and multi-label 
classification  problems,  and  three  different  sites  were  considered  in 
the  experiments.  Besides  the  conventional  training  scheme  in  which 
data from a single site is used for training and testing the models, we also 
evaluated  the  models  in  cross-site  scenarios,  aiming  to  assess  the 
generalization  capacity  of  the  different  architectures  and  that  of  the 

ensemble.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Convolutional neural networks for hydrothermal vents substratum 
classification: An introspective study 

Pedro Juan Soto Vega a,*, Panagiotis Papadakis b, Marjolaine Matabos c, 
Loïc Van Audenhaege c,d, Annah Ramiere c, Joz´ee Sarrazin c, Gilson Alexandre Ostwald Pedro da 
Costa e 
a University Brest, LaTIM, INSERM, UMR 1101, 29200 Brest, France 
b IMT Atlantique, Lab-STICC, UMR 6285, Team RAMBO, F-29238 Brest, France 
c University Brest, CNRS, Ifremer, UMR6197 Biologie et Ecologie des Ecosyst`emes marins Profonds, 29280 Plouzan´e, France. 
d Ocean BioGeosciences, National Oceanography Centre, European Way, Southampton, UK. 
e Institute of Mathematics and Statistics, State University of Rio de Janeiro (UERJ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Due to its success in modeling complex problems, DL, characterized 
by neural networks encompassing more hidden layers and learning pa-
rameters  than  their  predecessors,  represents  a  promising  alternative. 
Additionally,  the  increasing  availability  of  optical  imagery  datasets 
organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps is very convenient for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  DL-based  techniques  in  deep-water 
studies. However, the limited availability of labeled data for properly 
training DL models in that context still remains a major obstacle.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific platform such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform being used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which platform was used based solely on the given context.