Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

2.3. Image processing 

We used QGIS version 3.22.4 (QGIS.org, 2022), for georegistration, 
classification,  and  rasterization,  and  R  version  4.2.0  (R  Core  Team, 
2022) for validation calculations, analysis, and visualization of figures. 
Historical aerial image frames were located at university libraries (UC 
Berkeley and UC Santa Barbara map libraries) and other agencies (e.g. 
California Geological Survey in Arcata). National Agricultural Imagery 
Program  (NAIP)  quarter-quads  were  downloaded  from  the  California 
Natural Resources Agency’s GIS archive (2005–2016);  NAIP for 2018 
and  2020  was  retrieved  via  ArcGIS  basemap  layers.  We  used  QGIS’ 
georegistration tool with a set of persistent features in the landscape to 
georegister the images and a separate set of persistent features to assess 
the spatial accuracy of the georegistration. See Appendix A for detailed 
protocols and Appendix B for spatial accuracy measurements.

A  key  source  of  information  for  these  reconstructions  is  historical 
aerial  imagery.  Manual  photo  interpretation  can  be  labor-intensive 
(Morgan  et  al.,  2010),  and  therefore  some  studies  have  used  auto-
mated  or  semi-automated  classification  methods  to  improve  the  effi-
ciency  of  classifying historical  aerial imagery  (e.g. Baatz  and  Sch¨ape, 
2000; Dr˘agut¸  et al., 2014; Eitzel et al., 2016; Whiteside et al., 2020). 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025522M.V. Eitzel et al.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any specific details about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform were utilized based on this information alone.