Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In view of this discovery, we re-examined the application strategies 
of deep learning, no longer pursuing model complexity but exploring the 
potential  of  shallow  networks.  Through  meticulous  algorithm  optimi-
sation  and  structural  design,  we  strive  to  maintain  the  model  perfor-
mance while reducing the computational complexity  and deployment 
costs,  achieving  a  balance  between  speed  and  accuracy.  The  specific 
contributions of this study are as follows:  

• We propose a lightweight SIAlex model that utilises AlexNet as the 
backbone,  fully  exploiting  the  performance  of  minimalist  models. 
Ensuring a good balance between speed and accuracy. 

• The  method  of  cascading  multiple  activation  functions  fully  in-
troduces  nonlinear  factors  such  that  the  model  approximates  the 
nonlinear  expression  function  of  the  learning  features  while  also 
improving the gradient propagation.

generalised  model  by  adding  convolution  modules  or  introducing  re-
sidual  connection  techniques.  However,  more  complex  and  deeper 
models  often  incur  higher  computational  costs  and  require  longer 
training  time.  To  solve  these  problems,  the  AlexNet  network  was 
designed to be lightweight and optimised to achieve deep training and 
short-term testing (Zhang et al., 2022). Specifically, the two convolution 
layers are merged in the model deployment mode while ensuring that 
the nonlinear factors caused by the activation function are not reduced. 
By reducing the number of layers in the model, the computational effi-
ciency is improved (Ding et al., 2021; Zhao et al., 2017) and the infer-
ence time of the model is significantly shortened.

The combination of deep learning and bird sound recognition is widely employed in bird species conservation 
monitoring.  A  complex  network  structure  is  not  conducive  for  deploying  bird  sound  recognition  devices, 
resulting in problems such as long inference time and low efficiency. Using AlexNet as the backbone model, we 
explore the potential of shallow and straightforward models without complex connection techniques or attention 
mechanisms, named SIAlex, to recognise and classify 20 bird sound datasets, which are simultaneously validated 
on  a  10  class  UrbanSound8k  dataset.  Using  the  structural  re-parameterization  method,  the  number  of  model 
layers  is  reduced,  computational  efficiency  is  improved,  and  the  inference  time  is  significantly  reduced, 
achieving a decoupling of training and inference time in the structure. To increase the nonlinearity of the model,

can  further  improve  the  efficiency  and  performance  of  deep  learning 
models and promote the development of related fields.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it does not provide information about the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, I cannot determine which frameworks were utilized in building the deep learning model.