Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1 Data Preprocessing

The choice of learning data is a crucial point. We worked with biology experts
of the MARBEC laboratory to label many videos. We cropped some frames of
the videos and created a training database composed of 13000 ﬁsh thumbnails.
The thumbnail size varies from a minimum of 20 × 40 pixels to a maximum of
150 × 200 pixels. Each thumbnail contains only one labeled-ﬁsh as shown on
Fig. 2.

We decided to keep only the species with more than 450 thumbnails. We also
widen the database by applying rotations and symmetries in order to capture
all the possible position of the ﬁshes. Table 1 lists the retained species.

Due to the highly textured natural background, we also added a class for the
background. This class is constituted with random thumbnails of the background
which were randomly selected in frames and speciﬁc background thumbnails
which were taken around the ﬁsh thumbnails.

164

S. Villon et al.

Fig. 2. Some training thumbnails from the MARBEC database

Finally, in order to improve the localization accuracy, we decided to create
another class called part of ﬁsh, to ensure that the network does not focus on
a distinctive part of a ﬁsh as a stripe, a ﬁn, the head, but processes the ﬁsh
as a whole. We also created a class ﬁsh which contains some unknown ﬁshes to
make the method able to recognize any ﬁsh even though it is not in the learning
database. However, this class must contain less samples in order to be sure that
a ﬁsh will most likely be labeled by its speciﬁc class rather than the generic class
ﬁsh. Finally, we added 3 classes to our initial thumbnail database as listed in
Table 2.

Table 2. Classes added to the species database

Class Label

Samples

Random/speciﬁc background 116,820/91,247

Part of Fish

Fish

55,848

970

Coral Reef Fish Detection and Recognition in Underwater Videos

165

3.2 Detection/Recognition Pipeline

2.2 Deep Learning

Since the 2012 ImageNet competition, and new computational power accessible
through latest GPU, Neural Network came back as a strong possibility for clas-
siﬁcation tasks [18]. Moreover, by integrating convolutional layers, Deep Neural
Networks (DNN) are able to both create features vectors and classify them.

Neural network is a mathematical model which tries to mimic human brains
[19]. Like SVM, neural networks may classify feature vectors after a training
phase. A neural network is composed of interconnected nodes called neurons
and each neuron of each layer receives a signal from the neurons of the previous
layer. This signal is modiﬁed according to an activation function and transferred
to the neurons of the next layer.

We can deﬁne for the neuron n, the ﬁrst operation α(n) as:

α(n)(x(n)) =

c(cid:2)

i=1

i x(n)
w(n)

i

(1)

where x is the input vector, a given neuron, c the number of connections of this
neuron, w(n)
the input of rank i of
i
a neuron n.

Table 1. Fish species in the learning database

Species

Acanthurus lineatus

Acanthurus nigrofuscus

Chromis ternatensis

Chromis viridis/Chromis atripectoralis

Pomacentrus sulfureus

Pseudanthias squamipinnis

Zebrasoma scopas

Ctenochatus striatus

Thumbnails Rotations and symmetries

493

1455

951

523

766

1180

488

1400

2465

3923

4755

2619

3830

5900

2400

4000

To be able to do multi-resolution classiﬁcation, all the background thumbnails

were taken with random dimensions, from 40 × 60 pixels to 400 × 500 pixels.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the provided context to determine what specific postprocessing steps are involved after the model training. The context primarily focuses on the preprocessing steps such as creating a training database, adding classes like 'part of fish', 'fish', and 'random/specific background'. It also discusses using deep learning techniques for classification tasks, specifically mentioning the use of neural networks and their components. However, no details about postprocessing steps or methods used for evaluating the performance of the trained models are mentioned. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the given context.