Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Unidata, 2016. https://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/netcdf/ (accessed Mar 2016).
USGS Science data catalog. http://data.usgs.gov/ (accessed November 2016).
Walker, A.P., Hanson, P.J., De Kauwe, M.G., Medlyn, B.E., Zaehle, S., Asao, S., Dietze,
M.C., Hickler, T., Huntingford, C., Iversen, C.M., Jain, A.K., Lomas, M., Luo, Y.,
McCarthy, H.R., Parton, W.J., Prentice, I.C., Thornton, P.E., Wang, S., Wårlind, D.,
Weng, E., Warren, J.M., Woodward, F.I., Oren, R., Norby, R.J., 2014. Comprehensive
ecosystem model-data synthesis using multiple data sets at two temperate forest free-
air CO2 enrichment experiments: model performance at ambient CO2 concentration.
J. Geophys. Res. Biogeosci. 119, 937–964. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/(ISSN)2169-
8961.

Zurb, 2016. http://foundation.zurb.com/ (accessed October 2016).

158

start, middle, or end of the sampling period), 3) data processing level
with related processing approaches (e.g. raw, translated/processed,
data originator QA/QC, project-level QA/QC), 4) references to the
measurement setting description (e.g., E-ﬁeld Log ﬁle)—this informa-
tion is essential because it links the data to additional metadata re-
ported in the separate templates described in Section 3.3 (see
Fig. 2)—, and 5) references to data ﬁle descriptions (Data Column
Description).

A key aspect of the modular organization is separation of metadata
reporting into three types of descriptions: data package, data ﬁle, and
measurement setting. The data package description includes a minimal
set of generic information, such as site identiﬁer(s), data owner, and
privacy settings. Similarly, the data ﬁle description is applicable to a
wide variety of data types because it also contains generic metadata,
like time step and data processing information. Data originators are not
restricted to predeﬁned measurement types and formats because the
semi-open ended data ﬁle column description can describe the content
of almost any type of data ﬁle. The modular organization of the mea-
surement setting description also readily accommodates new mea-
surement types because the core set of reporting templates (Tree,
Equipment, Location, and Field Event Log) describe information re-
levant to most measurement types in earth system science. New mea-

3.3.1. Data package description

FRAMES utilizes the concept of data packages, in which data ori-
ginators bundle their content (data ﬁles) and corresponding content
metadata information together for submission to a repository. A data
package is often determined by a common theme or activity. Within our
project, data packages are typically assembled to support an experiment
or set of sensor observations, a data synthesis product, a publication, or
a ﬁeld campaign. A data package may contain many types of data as-
sociated with the theme or activity.

The data package description is a set of basic metadata ﬁelds that
describe its contents and includes information necessary to obtain a
unique Digital Object Identiﬁer (DOI), as well as other information
needed to identify the package for search and retrieval in the future.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no mention of specific datasets used in a deep learning pipeline like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, the context discusses various aspects of metadata management and data packaging within the field of Earth System Science. It mentions the use of data packages, which are bundled collections of data files and associated metadata, often organized around a common theme or activity. Examples include supporting an experiment, sensor observations, a data synthesis product, a publication, or a field campaign. However, the context does not provide details about the actual datasets used in these scenarios.