Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Data model & vocabularies

A conceptual diagram of the many types of data that can be gen-
erated from one fish is shown in Fig. 1. There are 4 parameters of

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

The MI's metadata repository, known as the Data Catalogue, is an
online infrastructure which supports the storage of datasets generated
by systems, programs, and individual researchers within the Institute
(Leadbetter et al., 2019). The Data Catalogue is operated through
Drupal, an open-source, web-based content management system.
Drupal enables database specialisation by permitting developers to
build custom ‘modules’, which are a set of instructions written for a
specific function. The database developed, named IFBA (Irish Fish
Biochronology Archive) is a self-contained module, that operates as an
extended feature of the MI Data Catalogue module. This system was
specifically designed for scales and otoliths, because they are, globally,
the most commonly collected and used biomineral structures from fish
used for aging purposes (Panfili et al., 2002). The system is flexible
enough to be adapted for any biological sample type (e.g. shells, corals,

Malde, K., Handegard, N.O., Eikvil, L., Salberg, A.B., 2019. Machine intelligence and the
data-driven future of marine science. ICES J. Mar. Sci. https://doi.org/10.1093/
icesjms/fsz057.

Mao, X., Cai, T., Olyarchuk, J.G., Wei, L., 2005. Automated genome annotation and

pathway identification using the KEGG Orthology (KO) as a controlled vocabulary.
Bioinformatics 21 (9), 3787–3793. https://doi.org/10.1093/bioinformatics/bti430.
Mapp, J., Hunter, E., Van Der Kooij, J., Songer, S., Fisher, M., 2017. Otolith shape and
size: the importance of age when determining indices for fish-stock separation. Fish.
Res. 190, 43–52. 4.2.. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.fishres.2017.01.017.

Marine Institute, 2019. The Stock Book 2019: Annual Review of Fish Stocks in 2019 with

Management Advice for 2020. Marine Institute, Galway, Ireland.

Matta, M.E., Black, B.A., Wilderbuer, T.K., 2010. Climate-driven synchrony in otolith

4.4. Image library

Scale and otolith images are used for age and growth estimations. In
IFBA, images are stored in a collaborative online space. The image file
name for any image is the same as the unique archive sample id in the
IFBA database. An example of the data progeny resulting from a fish
scale sample is illustrated in Appendix B. During imaging, the sample id

Formal documentation of process flows is often used in industry to
document logistical pathways and reveal areas where efficiency could
be improved upon. In line with the Marine Institute's Data Management
Quality Management Framework (Leadbetter et al., 2019), to document

4.5. Process flow

4

E. Tray, et al.

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

Fig. 3. A process flow for the scale and otolith CM system.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about the specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does mention that the IFBA database stores datasets generated by systems, programs, and individual researchers within the institute. It also mentions that the system is specifically designed for scales and otoliths, but is flexible enough to be adapted for any biological sample type. Therefore, it can be assumed that the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline would likely include images or other forms of data related to scales and otoliths, as well as potentially other biological samples. Without more specific information, however, it is not possible to provide a definitive list of the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline.