Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  algorithm  includes  two  steps:  training  and  prediction.  In  the 
training phase, the following parameters where defined, based on tests: 
the  learning  rate  (0.001),  the  batch  size  (1,000),  the  number  of  in-
teractions  (7,000),  and  the  inputs  for  classification  were  the  spectral 
data acquired from the training samples of spectral bands defined based 
on the burned and non-burned areas. The following Lansat-8 spectral 
bands were used for the classification model of burned areas: red (RED - 
0.65 μm), near-infrared (NIR - 0.86 μm), and shortwave infrared (SWIR 
1 - 1.6 μm and SWIR 2 - 2.2 μm). In addition to those selected spectral 
bands, Landsat bands 2 to 7, NDVI (Normalized Difference Vegetation 
Index), NBR, and delta NBR (Difference Normalizes Burned Index) were 
tested. The Landsat spectral bands were chosen because of their sensi-
tiveness to fire events. The input of the training data was split into two

2.1. Study region 

The Brazilian  savanna, locally known  as Cerrado,  encompasses an 
area  of  approximately  2  million  square  kilometers,  spatially  located 
between  the  parallels  2.30  S  and  24.70  S  and  between  the  meridians 
41.70 W and 60.10 W (Fig. 1). It is an important biodiversity hotspot due 
to  its  high  species  richness  (flora  and  fauna),  the  high  proportion  of 
endemic  species,  and  the  increasing  anthropogenic  pressure  that  has 
impacted more than 70% of its primary vegetation (Klink et al., 2005; 
Myers et al., 2010). Also, the Cerrado represents the most structurally 
diverse  savanna  in  the  world,  consisting  of  vegetation  gradients  that 
range from closed-canopy forests to savanna and grassland formations 
(Ribeiro and Walter, 1998). Those vegetation mosaics are determined by 
distinct geomorphological and topographic features, as well as by dif-
ferences in water and nutrient availability (Silva and Bates, 2002).

The predominant climate in the Cerrado biome is tropical (Aw type 
according to the K¨oppen climate classification), characterized by a wet 
season, from October to March, and an extended dry season from April 
to September responsible for only 10% of the annual rainfall and the 
highest fire occurrence (Pereira et al., 2014). The annual precipitation 
ranges  from  800  to  2,000  mm  (an  average  of  1500  mm),  while  the 
◦
annual average temperature is 22 
C (Alvares et al., 2013; Bustamante 
et al., 2012).

Fig. 4. Seasonal pattern of fire events occurred within the Cerrado biome in 2017 available on the fire hotspot dataset provided by the INPE platform. In each box, 
the central mark is the median, the edges of the boxplot are the 25th and 75th percentiles and the whiskers delimitate the extreme values (maximum and minimum). 
Black circles represent outliers (values outside the limits defined by the whiskers). The gray area represents the study period (May to December). 

aggregated  in  a  final  map  including  all  of  the  burned  areas  detected 
within the Cerrado biome (Fig. 5), a total of 202,230 km2  burn scars, 
which corresponds to 10% of the entire biome (approximately 2 million 
square  kilometers)  in  2017. The  final map  of  burned areas was  over-
lapped  with  land  use  and  land  cover  map  provided  by  MapBiomas 
(2020) to identify classes of land use and land cover affected by fire in 
2017.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, the given context does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that certain parameters such as the learning rate, batch size, and number of interactions were defined based on tests. This could imply that some form of parameter tuning or optimization technique like grid search or random search might have been employed, but without specific details, we cannot confirm this. Therefore, I do not know exactly how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized based on the provided context.