Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Halgamuge et al. (2020) focused on utilizing deep learning to esti-
mate the best optimizer selection methods for wildfire event predictions 
in Australia. They developed an algorithm to collect the data automat-
ically and analyzed six different optimizer models using deep learning 
technology. They concluded that this approach could predict a natural 
disaster, including wildfire events, by investigating historical environ-
mental  conditions  before  and  after  wildfires  occurred  using  the  deep 
learning methodology. Dowdy (2020) focused on demonstrating a sea-
sonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia. This 
measured  spatio-temporal  variations  and  seasonality  across  several 
datasets  and  utilized  this  methodology  to  predict  wildfire  events, 
focusing on the seasonal predictions using the 2019–2020 wildfire sea-
son  as  an  example  and  measuring  long-term  predictions.  Coen  et  al.

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)1018994G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)10189914G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan

regression models are employed in the recent literature.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The papers by Halgamuge et al. (2020) and Dowdy (2020) do not explicitly mention which specific deep learning framework was used to develop their respective models. Therefore, it is not possible to definitively state whether they used TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other deep learning framework. However, both studies focus on applying deep learning techniques to predict wildfire events in Australia, with Halgamuge et al. (2020) focusing on optimizer selection methods and Dowdy (2020) concentrating on seasonal prediction systems.