Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• batch 1: visible (red, green, and blue) bands of Sentinel-2 data  
• batch 2: twelve MS bands of Sentinel-2 data  
• batch 3: MS + spectral indices  
• batch 4: MS + spectral features + Sentinel-1 bands  
• batch  5:  MS  + spectral  features  + textural  features  + Sentinel-1 

bands  

• batch  6:  MS  + spectral  features  + textural  features  + Sentinel-1 

bands + DSM

multi-source  RS  images  and  NDVI  time-series  analysis  in  Google 
Earth Engine (GEE). They concluded that the classification accuracy 
of the multi-source feature set is noticeably better than the classifi-
cation outcome derived from single source features. Ofori-Ampofo 
et al. (2021) mapped crop type from optical and radar time series 
using a deep learning-based method.

The main core of the proposed method is entirely developed in the 
GEE  environment, exploiting its full potential to  test different combi-
nations of variables and obtain data collection to improve each image 
classification  step.  Moreover,  this  approach  has  made  it  possible  to 
exploit the strengths of supervised classification and implement a new 
method for the collection of training samples to facilitate the classifi-
cation  and  subsequently  achieve  the  highest  levels  of  accuracy.  The 
novelty of this research relies upon the proposed workflow for analyzing 
different  images  and  variable  composites  (i.e.,  monthly  image  collec-
tions), automatic and semi-automatic sample selection, and proposing 
new spectral indices to improve citrus orchard mapping classification 
accuracy. Ultimately, the in-depth investigation of these data and their 
combination enabled us to optimize training and validation points se-

By conducting the classification operation, a preliminary classified 
map (PCM) is obtained. After classification, the post-classification op-
erations are used to make the classified image ready for extracting in-
formation.  The  post-processing  is  done  on  two  levels  including  (1) 
overlaying  WCNV  to  the  PCM  and  then  (2)  applying  morphological 
operations, i.e., opening and closing. In the first post-classification step, 
the WCNV binary map is overlayed to the PCM according to Eq. (24). 
According to this equation, a logical operation is performed between the 
PCM and WCNY binary maps. Let the pixels in the PCM that are related 
to citrus and non-citrus classes be presented by 1 and 0, respectively. In 
addition, the 1 s pixels in the WCNV are related to the pixels that are 
definitely non-citrus (because the 1 s pixels in WNCV are related to the 
water-covered or non-vegetated areas). By this assumption, the refined

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned. However, based on the information provided, we can infer that the data format used is likely to be remote sensing (RS) images. This is because the context mentions various batches of data such as visible (red, green, and blue) bands of Sentinel-2 data, twelve MS bands of Sentinel-2 data, MS + spectral indices, MS + spectral features + Sentinel-1 bands, and MS + spectral features + textural features + Sentinel-1 bands + DSM. All of these refer to different types of remote sensing data. Additionally, the context also mentions using multi-source RS images and NDVI time-series analysis in Google Earth Engine (GEE) for crop type mapping. Therefore, it can be concluded that the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is most likely to be remote sensing images.