Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

M.V.  Eitzel:  Conceptualization,  Formal  analysis,  Methodology, 
Software, Validation, Visualization, Writing –  original draft, Writing – 
review  &  editing.  Daniel  Sarna-Wojcicki:  Conceptualization,  Data 
curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Resources,  Su-
pervision,  Writing  –  original  draft,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Sean 
Hogan: Formal analysis, Methodology, Resources, Validation, Writing – 
original  draft,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Jennifer  Sowerwine: 
Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Project adminis-
tration,  Resources,  Supervision,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Megan 
Mucioki: Investigation, Resources, Writing –  review &  editing. Kathy 
McCovey: Investigation, Resources, Writing –  review &  editing, Vali-
dation. Shawn Bourque: Investigation, Resources, Writing – review & 
editing, Validation. Leaf Hillman: Investigation, Resources, Validation,

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given text does not provide any explicit information about which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models mentioned in the study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other particular framework was utilized based on this excerpt alone. Further research would be required to find out which frameworks were employed in building these models.