Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Congedo, L., 2021. Semi-automatic classification plugin: A Python tool for the download 
and processing of remote sensing images in QGIS. J. Open Source Softw. 6 (64), 
3172. 

Couteron, P., Barbier, N., Proisy, C., P´elissier, R., Vincent, G., 2012. Linking remote- 
sensing information to tropical forest structure: the crucial role of modelling. 
Earthzine 4, 1–4. 

Dadhwal, V.K., Singh, S., Patil, P., 2009. Assessment of phytomass carbon pools in forest 

ecosystems in India. NNRMS Bull. 41. 

Daryaei, A., Sohrabi, H., Atzberger, C., Immitzer, M., 2020. Fine-scale detection of 

vegetation in semi-arid mountainous areas with focus on riparian landscapes using 
Sentinel-2 and UAV data. Comput. Electron. Agric. 177, 105686.

modelling frameworks and combined with other types of data, thus, has 
the  potential  to  support  intergovernmental  policy  initiatives  such  as 
REDD, UNFCC and Kyoto Protocol in which India is involved in Clean 
Development  mechanism  (CDM)  by  giving  information  for  climate 
adaptation  and  mitigation,  sustainable  land  use  and  conservation  of 
biodiversity.

3857  -  WGS  84  (Map  data  ©2015  Google)  from  QuickMapServices 
plugin in QGIS.

Another finding is that Sentinel-2 provide data that can be used to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly state the purpose of a specific deep learning model. However, it mentions several studies related to remote sensing and image processing in the field of ecology and environmental science. For instance, Congedo (2021) discusses a semi-automatic classification plugin for processing remote sensing images in QGIS, while Daryaei et al. (2020) explore fine-scale vegetation detection in semi-arid mountainous areas using Sentinel-2 and UAV data. These studies suggest that deep learning models could potentially be employed for tasks like image classification or object detection within these domains. Nevertheless, without further details about the specific research or application, it is impossible to determine the exact purpose of any given deep learning model mentioned in the provided context.