Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

[7] Y.  Xu,  L.  Zhang,  B.  Du,  and  F.  Zhang,  "Spectral–spatial  unified
networks for hyperspectral image classification," IEEE Transactions on
Geoscience and Remote Sensing, vol. 56, pp. 5893-5909, 2018. 
[8] Z. Zhong, J. Li, Z. Luo, and M. Chapman, "Spectral–spatial residual
network  for  hyperspectral  image  classification:  A  3-D  deep  learning
framework," IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing,
vol. 56, pp. 847-858, 2017. 

[9] S. K. Roy, G. Krishna, S. R. Dubey, and B. B. Chaudhuri, "HybridSN:
Exploring  3-D–2-D  CNN  feature  hierarchy  for  hyperspectral  image

classification," IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters, vol. 17, 
pp. 277-281, 2019. 

[10] I.  Pölönen,  H.  Saari,  J.  Kaivosoja,  E.  Honkavaara,  and  L.  Pesonen,
imaging  based  biomass  and  nitrogen  content
in  Remote  Sensing  for

On the other hand, since the powerful feature extraction 
capabilities, the deep learning methods have succeed in many 
fields,  such  as  computer  vision  and  natural  language 
processing. In recently, the deep learning based methods have 
also  been  used  to  solve  the  HSI  classification  task  and 
achieved remarkable achievements. Among the deep learning 
methods,  the  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  (CNNs)  are 
most widely explored to solve the HSI classification task. Hu 
et  al.  [4]  designed  a  one-dimensional  convolutional  neural 
network(1-D-CNN) for classification according to the spectral 
feature  of  HSI.  Due  to  the  insufficient  training  data,  the 
designed  1-D-CNN  just  includes  a  convolution  operation,  a 
pooling operation and a fully connected operation. Although 
the structure of  designed 1-D-CNN is simple, it achieved a 
satisfactory  classification  performance.  The  classification

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers cited do not provide information about a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipelines mentioned. Therefore, without additional context or information, it is impossible to determine the exact data repository link for these deep learning pipelines. It would be best to refer back to the original authors or sources for this information.