Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  order  to  determine  more  accurate  training  results  and  also  to 
explore the effect of epoch upon training result, apart from 150 epochs, 
the model with attention layer is trained with epoch values 100, 200, 
and  250  under  a  uniform  training  environment  and  with  the  same 
dataset.  The  training  summary  for  each  of  these  epochs  is  shown  in 
Tables 5, 6 and 7 for epochs 100, 200, and 250, respectively. The trends 
of mAP values with increasing epochs are shown in Figs. 14 and Fig. 15. 
The size of the dataset used for custom training is sufficiently large. 
Further, the DL model used in this work is tuned with optimized hyper 
parameters  for  which  overfitting  and  under  fitting  situations  are  pre-
vented from occurring. As mentioned above, the effort to over-train the 
model has been avoided and graded MSE convergence (Figs. 7 to 11) has 
been  adopted  to  fine-tune  the  model.  Results  obtained  for  different

In recent years, it has been observed that deep learning methods can 
be trained with close to zero training error efficiently. The number of 
convolutional and dense layers directly affects the runtime of the model 
(Bienstock et al., 2023). The running time of a DL model increases in 
polynomial-terms with the increased number of associated layers. But 
with the effort of achieving zero error, there are possibilities of over-
training and biased training. To avoid these situations, a restrictive and 
gradually increasing training cycle and accuracy calculation approach 
has  been  adopted.  Based  on  mean  square  error  (MSE),  the  optimal 
training state for the model has been obtained. 

4.1. Performance metrics used to evaluate the model

The confusion matrix (Fig. 6), F1 curve (Fig. 7), P curve (Fig. 8), PR 
curve (Fig. 9), R curve (Fig. 10) and final training plots (Fig. 11) are 
shown for the training of the model with attention layer with epoch-150. 
Some training batch outputs are shown in Fig. 12, and some validation 
outputs are shown in Fig. 13. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10239812B. Bhagabati et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 12. Training Output (Batch-1) showing the labels of the detected object.  

Fig. 13. Validation Output (with images from the dataset). The bounding box and class name are generated and shown for the validated object by the model.

The training is done from scratch using GPU (Tesla T4) and CUDA 
Version-12.0 in Google Colab with the parameters (i) Input image size =
416, (ii) Batch size  = 16,  (iii) Epochs = 100, 150, 200  and 250, (iv) 
Weights  = Default  to yolov5.pt., (v) Data = custom data set  and (vi) 
Cache = True. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10239811B. Bhagabati et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 11. Training Plots for the proposed model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide specific information about the preprocessing steps involved before training the deep learning model. However, generally speaking, common preprocessing steps include normalization, scaling, cleaning, and augmentation. Normalization scales the input features to a range between 0 and 1 or -1 and 1, while scaling rescales the input features to have a specified range. Cleaning involves removing any missing or irrelevant data points, while augmentation generates new data samples through various transformations such as rotation, flipping, zooming, etc. These preprocessing steps help improve the performance and efficiency of the deep learning models during training.