Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

to model performance by a single component model built with subop-
timal training data. However, RF outperformed all the ensemble models, 
suggesting  that  if  researchers  use  a  single  modeling  approach,  they 
should consider using RF. It should be noted that we found RF to be more 
sensitive to the number of background points used to train the model 
than  other  modeling  methods.  However,  researchers  or  practitioners 
might choose to use a single modeling approach that is found to be less 
sensitive to the number of background points, like a GLM or MaxEnt. In 
this situation, since the gain in performance is minimal, the decision on 
how many background points to use might be instead made to minimize 
computation time and answer time-sensitive questions related to con-
servation  actions.  Nevertheless,  using  an  ensemble  of  models  helps 
overcome any issues that any single model might have, as demonstrated

by  its  relatively  constant  performance  regardless  of  the  number  of 
background  points  used  to  train  component  models.  As  with  many 
ecological  problems, the  decisions made during  the modeling process 
demand careful consideration in the full context of the question at hand, 
since different questions often differ in their requirements from a model.

2.8. Training individual models 

To train the component models for the ultimate ensemble models, we 
used  six  modeling  approaches,  categorized  into  regression-based  and 
machine  learning models. Regression-based  models included General-
ized Linear Models (GLMs), Generalized Additive Models (GAMs), and 
Multivariate  Adaptive  Regression  Splines  (MARS).  Machine  learning 
models included Random Forest (RF), Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), 
and Maximum Entropy software (MaxEnt). We built all models using the 
biomod2 package in R (Thuiller et al., 2021).

2012). Furthermore, the popular software MaxEnt, a machine learning 
approach, is known to perform well with a large number of background 
points (Barbet-Massin et al., 2012). Although the information is useful, 
the within-group inconsistencies described above can be confusing when 
modelers need to decide the number of background points to use in the 
context of ensemble modeling. It remains unclear how the number of 
background  points  selected to  train  each  component model  might  in-
fluence the overall performance of an ensemble model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models. Therefore, it cannot be determined which hardware resources were used for training the deep learning models based solely on this context.