Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• Literature from ecological informatics: In the product mapping litera-
ture,  some  studies  have  focused  exclusively  on  ecological  infor-
matics. In this regard, Albayrak et al. (2021) used Random Forest and 
Decision Tree algorithms, which are among the ensemble learning 
techniques, and estimated the behavior of migratory bees. Using the 
results of the modeling study, practical information has been given to 
the migratory beekeepers with thematic maps for the whole country. 
In a similar study, Ayadi et al. (2022) performed a comprehensive 
survey of resolution methods for constraint networks using static and 
dynamic  algorithms  and  showed  that  ecological  informatics  is  the 
most appropriate constraint satisfaction problem resolution method 
for  a  given  context.  In  another  study,  by  applying  remote  sensing 
proxies  and  the  breakpoint  approach,  Royimani  et  al.  (2022)  esti-
mated  information  on  the  onset  of  grass  aging  to  understand  the

optimizer approach for feature selection and optimizing SVM parameters based on a 
robust system architecture. Neural Comput. Applic. 30 (8), 2355–2369. 
Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), 2014. Country fact sheet on food and 

agriculture policy trends. Socio-Economic Context and Role of Agriculture, Iran. 
https://www.fao.org/family-farming/detail/en/c/880743/.  

Gao, B.C., 1996. NDWI—a normalized difference water index for remote sensing of 
vegetation liquid water from space. Remote Sens. Environ. 58 (3), 257–266. 
Gao, F., Zhang, X., 2021. Mapping crop phenology in near real-time using satellite 

remote sensing: Challenges and opportunities. J. Remote Sens. 

Gola, J., Webel, J., Britz, D., Guitar, A., Staudt, T., Winter, M., Mücklich, F., 2019. 

Objective microstructure classification by support vector machine (SVM) using a 
combination of morphological parameters and textural features for low carbon 
steels. Comput. Mater. Sci. 160, 186–196.

• batch 1: visible (red, green, and blue) bands of Sentinel-2 data  
• batch 2: twelve MS bands of Sentinel-2 data  
• batch 3: MS + spectral indices  
• batch 4: MS + spectral features + Sentinel-1 bands  
• batch  5:  MS  + spectral  features  + textural  features  + Sentinel-1 

bands  

• batch  6:  MS  + spectral  features  + textural  features  + Sentinel-1 

bands + DSM

according to a 60%–40% ratio. Table 6 presents the details about the 
total number of samples, the training, and the validation samples. The 
distribution of samples is represented in Fig. 8. It is worthy to note that 
after selecting the samples, we checked all the samples carefully and as 
we see in Fig. 8 (as an example); surprisingly, no mis-collected samples 
were detected in the automatically collected samples.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The literature does not provide explicit information regarding the optimization of hyperparameters for the models used in the mentioned studies. However, it can be inferred that various techniques such as Grid Search, Random Search, or Bayesian Optimization could have been employed for tuning the hyperparameters. These techniques involve defining a range of values for each hyperparameter and then searching through these combinations to find the best set of hyperparameters that minimize the error function. For instance, in the study by Gola et al. (2019), Support Vector Machines (SVMs) were utilized for objective microstructure classification. Although the paper does not explicitly mention the use of any specific technique for hyperparameter optimization, it is likely that one of the abovementioned methods was applied to tune the SVM parameters. Similarly, in other studies like those conducted by Albayrak et al. (2021) and Ayadi et al. (2022), where Decision Tree and Random Forest algorithms were used, hyperparameter optimization might have played a crucial role in achieving accurate results. Nevertheless, without further information, it cannot be confirmed which exact method was implemented for hyperparameter optimization in these studies.