Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Tesla K80 GPU for 5 epochs. To align these unsupervised classiﬁcations
with the ImageNet pretraining weights, we normalized the RGB chan-
nels by subtracting the ImageNet mean from each channel. We then
retrained the network using the hand-annotated data for 40 epochs. For
more details of this approach see Weinstein et al. (2019). Data aug-
mentation of random ﬂips and translations was tested and found to
have little eﬀect on the ﬁnal score.

20%. Given that the sites were selected to be as diﬀerent as possible,
and encompass a range of tree canopy conditions, this result under-
scores the ability of convolutional neural networks to learn ﬂexible
deep features. We expect that as more sites are included, the universal
model will continue to improve. This means that a way forward is to
combine pretraining from as many sites as possible. Given that each
NEON site has millions of trees, and there are dozens of sites with trees
collected annually, there is a possibility of pretraining on continental
scale. Because NEON sites are intended to represent all of the major
biogeographic regions in the United States, this broad scale pre-training
(in combination with existing local training data) has the potential to
reduce the need for new local training data by giving the model the
potential to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees (at
least those within the United States).

Within the ﬁeld of computer vision, there has been a broad shift
away from user-designed features toward approaches that learn fea-
tures from data using neural networks (Agarwal et al., 2018). There
have been few attempts to use learned features in tree detection (Dai
et al., 2018) due to the need for large amounts of labeled training data,
which is often diﬃcult or impossible to collect in ecological contexts.
Overall, generalization of deep learning algorithms across applications
in airborne remote sensing remains a challenging task (Zhu et al.,
2017). A typical neural network has millions of parameters and is
therefore at risk of overﬁtting when using the small datasets usually
available for training. Given the diversity of trees, ﬁnding general
features will require a combination of large training datasets and al-
gorithmic approaches that allow the neural networks to learn the
combination of features that characterize trees across forest types.

Collecting a suﬃcient number of training samples will often be a
bottleneck in developing supervised methods in airborne imagery. It is
therefore useful to test the number of local training samples needed to
achieve maximum performance. We performed a sensitivity study by
training models using diﬀerent proportions of training data. We se-
lected 5%, 25%, 50% and 75% of the total hand-annotations to com-
pare to the full dataset for the within-site results for each site. We reran
this experiment ﬁve times to account for the random subsampling of
annotations. In addition, we ran the evaluation plots for the pretraining
model only (i.e. 0% hand-annotated data) to assess whether the addi-
tion of hand-annotated data improved the within-site pretraining.

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly state which specific type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline. However, it mentions that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are used to learn flexible deep features. Therefore, it can be inferred that a form of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is employed in their methodology.