Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

where very few images per classes are at disposal. Therefore, the dataset

We used ResNet 100 (He et al., 2016) as our classic deep-learning 
algorithm.  Resnet  is  a  convolutional  neural  network  (CNN),  a  DL  ar-
chitecture which is able to both extract features from images and classify 
these images thanks to those features (Lecun et al., 2015). In order for a 
CNN  to  build  an  image  classification  model,  the  architecture  is  fed  a 
large dataset, composed of pairs of labels and images. Using this dataset, 
the algorithms change their inner parameters in order to minimize the 
classification  error,  through  a  process  called  back-propagation.  The 
ResNet architecture achieved the best results on ImageNet Large Scale 
Visual Recognition Competition (ILSVRC (Russakovsky et al., 2015)) in 
2015, considered the most challenging image classification competition. 
It is still one of the best classification algorithms, while being easy to use 
and implement.

Neural Networks Audio-based Bird Species Identification With Deep Convolutional 
Neural Networks. January. 

Lecun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 436–444. 
Letessier, Tom B., et al., 2019. Remote reefs and seamounts are the last refuges for 

marine predators across the Indo- Pacific. PLoS Biol. 17, 1–20. 

Li, A., Luo, T., Lu, Z., Xiang, T., Wang, L., 2019a. Large-scale few-shot learning : 

knowledge transfer with class hierarchy. In: Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on 
Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, pp. 7212–7220. 

Li, H., Eigen, D., Dodge, S., Zeiler, M., Wang, X., 2019b. Finding task-relevant features 
for few-shot learning by category traversal. In: Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF 
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 1. 

Liu, L., Zhou, T., Long, G., Jiang, J., Zhang, C., 2020. Many-class few-shot learning on 

multi-granularity class hierarchy. IEEE Trans. Knowl. Data Eng. 1–14.

principle of training a Deep Learning algorithm on “how to learn a new classification problem with only few 
images”. In our case-study, we assess the robustness of FSL to discriminate 20 coral reef fish species with a range 
of training databases from 1 image per class to 30 images per class, and compare FSL to a classic DL approach 
with  thousands  of  images  per  class.  We  found  that  FSL  outperform  classic  DL  approach  in  situations  where 
annotated images are limited, yet still providing good classification accuracy.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context primarily discusses the application of deep learning in image classification tasks, specifically using ResNet 100 (He et al., 2016) as the chosen deep learning algorithm. This indicates that the primary data format used in this particular deep learning pipeline is images. However, it should be noted that other types of data can also be utilized in deep learning pipelines depending on the specific application or problem being addressed. For instance, the paper titled "Neural Networks Audio-based Bird Species Identification With Deep Convolutional Neural Networks" suggests that audio files could be another type of data format employed in a different deep learning pipeline. Other common data formats used in deep learning include videos, text, and structured data such as CSV files. Ultimately, the choice of data format depends on the nature of the problem and the desired outcome of the deep learning model.