Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Further  discussions  analyze  IFTL  and  FTL  for  their  abilities  to 
improve learning by restricting overconfidence (controlling hesitancy) 
during TL by considering GRNN and SVR as the TUR. Overconfidence in 
ELM,  GRNN,  or  SVR  arises  when  they  make  predictions  on  a  dataset 
(target  domain) that has a huge data distribution difference from the 
source domain data on which they are trained. In this scenario, they just 
use their training experience to make predictions during testing without 
considering the distribution divergence in the testing dataset from the 
training  dataset.  We  conclude  this  section  with  the  execution  time 
analysis of the approaches.  

a)  GDP prediction using only CO2 emission data2

We have found that the proposed approach efficiently captured the 
uncertainty produced by extreme variations in data distribution or the 
predictive tasks across the source and target data. It suitably restricted 
overconfidence  for  better  learning  while  transferring  the  learned 
knowledge. IFTL outperformed FTL, where the training and testing do-
mains (including labels) have huge data distribution differences. This 
validated  the  effectiveness  of  hesitancy  in  restricting  overconfidence 
during TL. IFTL is also thoroughly analyzed for its asymptotic compu-
tational complexity and execution time. The limitation of IFTL is that it 
adds  additional  computation  by  calculating  membership,  non- 
membership,  hesitancy  margin  of  each  feature,  and  the  distance 
metric for refining the output labels predicted by other ML approaches. 
This  work  has  successfully  demonstrated  the  utility  of  ecological

For  evaluating  the  performance  of  machine  learning  algorithms, 
well-known benchmark datasets are utilized, which are partitioned (by 
KFold or StratifiedKFold, etc.) in test data (target domain) and training 
data (source domain). Here both these domains are drawn from the same 
domain distribution; hence both of them are equal in their distribution i. 
e.  Ds = Dt  and  Ts = Tt.  However,  IFTL  is  hypothesized  for  transfer 
learning, and to evaluate its performance precisely, the source domain 
i.e. 
target  domain  must  be  highly  diverse  but  related 
and 
Ds ∕= Dt or Ts ∕= Tt or both.

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general knowledge, some common techniques used to address data bias include stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and collecting diverse data.

Stratified splitting involves dividing the dataset into subsets such that each subset maintains the original class proportions. Oversampling increases the number of instances in the minority class, while undersampling reduces the number of instances in the majority class. Collecting diverse data involves gathering data from various sources to ensure that the model is exposed to different types of examples.

In the context of transfer learning, the problem of data bias can arise due to differences between the source and target domains. To address this issue, techniques such as instance weighting, feature representation mapping, and domain adaptation methods like adversarial training can be employed. These techniques aim to reduce the discrepancies between the source and target domains, thereby improving the performance of the transferred models.