Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ke, G., Meng, Q., Finley, T., Wang, T., Chen, W., Ma, W., Ye, Q., Liu, T.-Y., 2017. 
LightGBM: A Highly Efficient Gradient Boosting Decision Tree, 31st Annual 
Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS). 

Lang, M.W., Kasischke, E.S., 2008. Using C-band synthetic aperture radar data to monitor 

forested wetland hydrology in Maryland’s coastal plain, USA. IEEE Trans. Geosci. 
Remote Sens. 46 (2), 535–546. 

Li, Q., Wong, F.K.K., Fung, T., 2021. Mapping multi-layered mangroves from 
multispectral, hyperspectral, and LiDAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 258. 
Li, X., Zhao, C., Kang, M., Ma, M., 2022. Responses of net primary productivity to 

phenological dynamics based on a data fusion algorithm in the northern Qinghai- 
Tibet Plateau. Ecol. Indic. 142, 109239. 

Liu, M., Yang, W., Zhu, X., Chen, J., Chen, X., Yang, L., Helmer, E.H., 2019. An improved

The combination of multi-source remote sensing data produces large 
datasets that place new demands and challenges on the performance of

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)10248814H. Qian et al.

models  and  integration  strategies.  Fu  et  al.  (2022b)  also  found  that 
XGBoost  and  LightGBM  perform  well  in  identifying  vegetation  com-
munities in karst wetlands, with the OA reaching more than 75%.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about the location of the code repository for any deep learning pipelines mentioned in the given context. The papers cited discuss various topics such as using gradient boosting decision trees, monitoring forested wetland hydrology, mapping multi-layered mangroves, analyzing phenological dynamics, and integrating multi-source remote sensing data. However, none of them explicitly mention or provide links to their respective code repositories. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline might be available without additional information.