Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

from underwater video using neural networks. Opt. Express 13, 8766. https://doi.
org/10.1364/OPEX.13.008766.

Masters, D., Luschi, C., 2018. Revisiting Small Batch Training for Deep Neural Networks.
McGill, B.J., Dornelas, M., Gotelli, N.J., Magurran, A.E., 2015. Fifteen forms of biodi-

versity trend in the Anthropocene. Trends Ecol. Evol. 30, 104–113. https://doi.org/
10.1016/j.tree.2014.11.006.

Mehdipour Ghazi, M., Yanikoglu, B., Aptoula, E., 2016. Open-Set Plant Identification

Using an Ensemble of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks. Working Notes of CLEF.
Mishkin, D., Sergievskiy, N., Matas, J., 2016. Systematic evaluation of CNN advances on
the ImageNet. Comput. Vis. Image Underst. 161, 11–19. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.
cviu.2017.05.007.

Niculescu-Mizil, A., Caruana, R., 2005. Predicting good probabilities with supervised

Monitoring coralligenous reefs involves long, physically demanding
dives at great depths below sea level (often 40–80 m deep), and many
hours spent on the task of manually identifying species in photo
quadrats (Deter et al., 2012b). The use of well-trained CNNs (particu-
larly those which operate within a selective classification framework)
can greatly aid this process; it makes the automatic annotation of vast
quantities of data possible, while ensuring a guaranteed accuracy. At
the level of detail “major category” (level 3, see Table 6), which can
suffice for a quick evaluation of the diversity, our CNN performance
even exceeded the human accuracy measured on a similar dataset when
considering the relative abundance of classes in the dataset (i.e. micro
metrics; see Table 1). In order to further refine the classification and
obtain a more detailed assessment that includes rare or invasive species,
this problem could be addressed by the use of few-shot or even zero-

4. Methodology

details with corresponding accuracies.

This study sought to design and train an algorithm based on deep
CNN architectures, in order to identify a selection of coralligenous
species or their broader taxonomical group, and to assess the biodi-
versity and ecological status of coralligenous reefs. We designed a
custom methodology, drawing on state-of-the-art architectures and a
large database of annotated photographic quadrats. More specifically,
we performed the following analysis

(1) Assess human annotation error on a similar problem in order to

establish a baseline performance;

(2) Train simple CNNs on different patch sizes and build an ensemble
network in order to improve performances with multi-scale pre-
diction;

(3) Train a LR on deeply learned features from intermediate layers to

improve performances and calibrate the ensemble network;

2.3. Automatic classification via deeply learned features

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it is mentioned that a large database of annotated photographic quadrats was used for training the custom methodology based on deep convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. This suggests that image data collection might have been done through underwater photography or videography, possibly involving the use of cameras or other imaging devices during dives. Additionally, one of the cited sources mentions the use of neural networks for processing underwater videos, indicating that video footage may also serve as a source of raw data. It should be noted that the exact methods employed for gathering these images are not specified in the given information.