Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

to three dental variables and two climate variables. In the second run, 
we allowed dental queries to involve disjunctions, and climate queries to 
contain up to three variables, but tightened the requirement of accuracy 
gain.  Specifically,  under  this  constraint,  a  candidate  query  can  be 
extended by automatically adding the next variable only if the accuracy, 
as measured by the Jaccard coefficient, increases by a least 0.1. The goal 
is to obtain interpretable, not overly complex (long) queries. This can be 
achieved either explicitly, by limiting the number of variables and the 
operators  used  in  the  queries,  as  in  the  first  run,  or  implicitly,  by 
allowing increased complexity only if it brings substantial improvement 
in terms of accuracy, as in the second run. 

4.3. Selecting individual redescriptions for further analyses

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1013149E. Galbrun et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig.  6. Focus  maps  of  example  redescriptions.  Lo-
calities  that  support  both  queries,  only  the  dental 
trait query and only the climate query, are drawn in 
purple,  in  red  and  in  blue,  respectively.  For  each 
redescription,  we  list  the  query  over  dental  traits 
variables  (qD),  the  query  over  bioclimatic  variables 
(qC), the accuracy of the redescription (J) as well as 
the  size  of  its  support  as  a  percentage  of  the  total 
number of localities (supp %). (For interpretation of 
the  references  to  colour  in  this  figure  legend,  the 
reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

8  http://maps.tnc.org/gis_data.html 

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1013147E. Galbrun et al.

WarmM) is between 19.6 and 38.5 

+

◦

Then, a redescription is a pair of queries, one over climate variables 
and one over dental trait variables respectively denoted as qD  and qC, 
having similar supports, that is, such that their respective sets of satis-
fying  localities  overlap  as  much  as  possible.  The  support  of  a  rede-
scription is the subset of localities at which both queries are satisfied, i.e. 
the  set  of  localities  that  meet  both  the  climate  as  well  as  the  dental 
conditions. Overloading the notation, we denote the support of a rede-
scription R = (qD, qC) as supp(R), which is such that 

supp(R) = supp(qD) ∩ supp(qC).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information on the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used.