Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Labeling Time 
Training Time 
Turnaround 

Time 
Accuracy 

Very Short 
1.0 h 

4 h 

89.4% 

Short 
6.9 h 

22 h 

94.0% 

Very Long 
~3.5 h 

94 h 

98%  

4. Discussions 

The  development  of  deep  learning  methodologies  continues  to 
advance at an astonishing rate and be applied to various applications 
ranging from biomedical (Azghadi et al., 2020), hydrological processes 
in river channels (Talukdar et al., 2023) and agricultural (Olsen et al., 
2019) systems, to marine (Laradji et al., 2021; Saleh et al., 2022b), and 
environmental (Jahanbakht et al., 2022a) sciences. The application of 
deep learning technologies has been also used in profiling the ecosystem 
services of estuarine habitats by community members (Yee et al., 2023). 
In this paper, we extend the application of deep learning methodologies 
to advance state-of-the-art underwater fish video processing techniques 
applied to turbid waters.

case are weakly labeled. 

Implemented using the Keras APIs under the TensorFlow framework, 
the first self-supervised contrastive learning phase composes of a train-
able encoder, followed by a trainable projection head. The encoder takes 
a  batch  of  input  images  and  augments  them  with  random  horizontal 
flipping, random ±7o rotation, and random ±40% brightness.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Semi-supervised and weakly-supervised deep neural networks and dataset 
for fish detection in turbid underwater videos 

Mohammad Jahanbakht a, Mostafa Rahimi Azghadi a, b, *, Nathan J. Waltham a, b 
a Centre for Tropical Water and Aquatic Ecosystem Research (TropWATER), James Cook University, Douglas 4811, QLD, Australia 
b College of Science and Engineering, James Cook University, 1 James Cook Dr, Douglas 4811, QLD, Australia   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Weakly-supervised classifier 
Self-supervised learning 
Deep neural networks 
Contrastive learning 
Transfer learning 
XGBoost ensemble 
Fish detection 
Highly turbid waters

Fig. 1. Graphical abstract of the proposed workflow from lazy image labeling 
to two state-of-the-art deep neural network designs with short turnaround time 
and high accuracy. 

illustrated  in Fig. 1,  which  covers data gathering to  two independent 
image processing outcomes.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it can be inferred that the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is image data. This is evident from several references such as "input images", "batch of input images", and "lazy image labeling". Additionally, the mention of "random horizontal flipping" and "random ±7o rotation" further supports the use of image data in the pipeline. Furthermore, the keywords section includes terms like "fish detection" and "highly turbid waters", indicating that the image data pertains to underwater environments. However, there is no explicit mention of other data formats such as audio, video, or CSV being used in the pipeline. Therefore, based on the provided context, it can be concluded that the primary data format used in the deep learning pipeline is image data.