Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The data augmentation technique was used in this study, which 
help  to  extend  the  amount  of  information  by  adding  adjusted 
copies of already existing data, and it acts as a  regularizer and 
makes  a  difference  to  reduce  the  overfitting.  While  training, 
before input into the model, each image was randomly sampled 
by  one  of  the  following  options;  the  entire  original  image, 
horizontal  flip,  grayscale,  blur,  noise  and  cropping.  So,  each 
image  was  horizontally  flipped,  grayscale  was  applied  to  25% 
of images, blur was up to 10px, noise was up to 10% of pixels, 
and for the cropping operation, a patch with the same size as the 
original  image  was  randomly  cropped  from  image.  Some 
examples of the data augmentation step are illustrated in Figure 
3.

The graph illustrates the loss while training the neural network 
and the average loss is reduced to 0.54%. That means the model 
is  affected  by  training  data.  A  total  of  4000  iteration  were  run 
and  it  took  14  hours  to  complete  the  training.  The  model 
improved swiftly in terms of precision, recall and mean average 
precision  before  plateauing  after  about  1000  iterations,  and 
around 1000 iterations the loss showed a rapid decline. 

For  each  epoch,  64  images  are  randomly  selected  and  used  to 
train  the  model.  Each  image  is  used  multiple  times  due  to  the 
limited  number  of  samples.  Figure  8,  shows  some  training 
samples, and the number zero indicates the fish class. 

Figure 8. Training samples.

In  order  to  train  the  model,  it  is important to provide not only 
the  class  of  the  object  but  also  the  bounding  box  data  of  the 
object  as  correct  answer.  In  this  context,  we  parsed  the  x,  y 
coordinates, width and height of the fish in the annotation of the 
image’s  dataset.  In  addition,  we  used  data  augmentation  to 
extend the amount of data. 

The  model  has  better  performance  as  number  of  epochs 
increases.  However,  when  number  of  epochs  exceeds  200,  the 
network  seems  to  be  overfitted  to  training  data.  As  a  result, 
Table  I  shows  the  hyper-parameters  used  to  train  and  validate 
the Yolo model. 

Number 
of 
iterations 
4000 

Number 
of 
epochs 
200 

Learning 
rate 

Batch 
size 

Subdivisions 

0.001 

16 

64 

Table 1. Hyper-parameters to train the Yolo model.

Fishes, 

18(2), 

Li,  S.,  Song,  W.,  Fang,  L.,  Chen,  Y.,  Ghamisi,  P.,  & 
Benediktsson,  J.  A.  (2019).  Deep  learning  for  hyperspectral 
image  classification:  An  overview.  IEEE  Transactions  on 
and  Remote  Sensing,  57(9),  6690–6709. 
Geoscience 
https://doi.org/10.1109/TGRS.2019.2907932 

image  processing.  2018 

Lumauag,  R.,  &  Nava,  M.  (2019).  Fish  tracking  and  counting 
International 
using 
IEEE  10th 
Information 
Conference  on  Humanoid,  Nanotechnology, 
Technology,  Communication  and  Control,  Environment  and 
Management, 
1–4. 
https://doi.org/10.1109/HNICEM.2018.8666369 

HNICEM 

2018,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

One of the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context is data augmentation. Data augmentation helps to extend the amount of information by adding adjusted copies of already existing data. This method acts as a regularizer and makes a difference in reducing overfitting. During the training process, each image was randomly sampled by one of the following options: the entire original image, horizontal flip, grayscale, blur, noise, and cropping. These operations helped to create new variations of the existing data, thus increasing the diversity of the training set and preventing the model from memorizing the training data. Other common regularization techniques such as dropout or L2 regularization are not explicitly mentioned in the given context.