Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Fuel model retrieval 

Once the DL model is trained, a few samples of real MS point clouds 
are segmented using the methodology exposed in Section 2.3 to create a 
ground truth. This ground truth was required to validate the classifica-
tions using a DL model trained with synthetic data. As mentioned in the 
previous section, the best classification performance of the SoftGroup 
semantic branch was achieved by the MS input data case; therefore, this 
pretrained  model was  used,  and  its  efficiency was  tested  by  inferring 
these real MS point clouds (Fig. 9). In addition, these inferences on real 
MS point clouds are taken as inputs for the decision tree scheme pre-
sented in Section 2.5, where the final fuel models are retrieved. The final 
fuel model classifications are summarised in Table 3. 

4. Discussion

In the next section, the classifications of the real point clouds will be 
made using the MS-trained model, because it was proven that the model 
in this last experiment outperformed the previous ones, and their fuel 
type classifications will be more reliable. 

3.2. Fuel model retrieval

neering aspect that involves the introduction of an MS 3D scene simu-
lation for inventory tasks, generating labelled MS point clouds of forest 
environments that are suitable for feeding emerging DL models.

2.5. Fuel model retrieval 

The  fifth  and  final  step  of  the  proposed  methodology  involves 
determining  which  type  of  fuel  model  corresponds  to  the  previously 
classified MS point clouds by considering the vegetation structure and 
species response to fire. Nonetheless, regardless of the input data source, 
traditional fuel modelling approaches from most studies do not consider 
important information concerning the responses of different species to 
fire. As detailed below, this supposes an enhancement of existing fuel- 
type schemes such as the Prometheus model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
After the Deep Learning (DL) model has been trained, there are several postprocessing steps that can be performed depending on the specific requirements of the project or study. However, based on the given context, the following postprocessing steps were carried out:

1. Segmenting real Multispectral (MS) point clouds: After the model was trained, some samples of real MS point clouds were segmented using the methodology described in Section 2.3. This process created a ground truth dataset that could be used to validate the classifications made by the DL model when applied to synthetic data.

2. Testing the pretrained model: Once the ground truth dataset had been established, the pretrained model was then tested by applying it to the real MS point clouds. The results of these tests were presented in Figure 9.

3. Inputting the test results into a decision tree scheme: The outputs generated by testing the pretrained model on the real MS point clouds were then fed into a decision tree scheme. This scheme took into account factors such as vegetation structure and species response to fire in order to determine the appropriate fuel model for each classified MS point cloud.

4. Retrieving the final fuel model classifications: Based on the output of the decision tree scheme, the final fuel model classifications were determined and summarized in Table 3.

It should be noted that while these postprocessing steps were specifically tailored towards determining fuel models for use in wildland fire management, other projects may require different types of postprocessing analysis. For example, saliency maps, metrics calculations, confusion matrices, and other techniques might be employed to evaluate the performance of the DL model or gain further insights into its predictions.