Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
06′ ~ 100

◦
36′ ~ 25

2.2. Data 

2.2.1. Satellite images

artificial neural networks (ANN) (Men et al., 2022). The efficacy of these 
algorithms exhibits considerable variation across diverse aquatic envi-
ronments. For instance, the Fast Line-of-sight Atmospheric Analysis of 
Spectral  Hypercubes  (FLAASH)  model,  originally  developed  for  land 
pixels,  has  proven  effective  in  AC  for  aquatic  environments  utilizing 
Sentinel-2  and  SPOT-6  imagery  (Rotta  et  al.,  2016;  Li  et  al.,  2023a, 
2023b, 2023c, 2023d). Additionally, the FLAASH algorithm mitigates 
the  spatial  proximity  effect  by  employing  an  internal  pixel  averaging 
technique, which is essential for attaining high-quality AC (Wang et al., 
2021).  In  investigations  of  lacustrine  environments  using  Advanced 
Land Observing Satellite (ALOS) AVNIR-2 data, the efficacy of AC al-
gorithms  predicated  on  the  single  scattering  approximation  has  been 
significantly enhanced (Matsui and Kageyama, 2022). The Atmospheric

indicator of terrestrial influence in Baltic Sea coastal areas algorithm development 
and validation, and ecological relevance. Remote Sens. Environ. 237, 111609. 
Kravitz, J., Matthews, M., Bernard, S., Griffith, D., 2020. Application of sentinel 3 OLCI 
for chl-a retrieval over small inland water targets: successes and challenges. Remote 
Sens. Environ. 237, 111562. 

Kumar, A., Gorai, A.K., 2023. A comparative evaluation of deepconvolutional neural 

network and deepneural network-based land use/land coverclassifications of mining 
regions using fusedmulti-sensor satellite data. Adv. Space Res. 72, 4663–4676. 
Lafon, V., Doxaran, D., Gernez, P., Vanhellemont, Q., 2018. Atmospheric corrections and 

multi-conditional algorithm for multi-sensor remote sensing of suspended 
particulate matter in low to high turbidity levels coastal waters. Remote Sens. 9, 61. 

Li, R., Gao, X., Shi, F., Zhang, H., 2023a. Scale effect of land cover classification from

Sharaf, N., Bresciani, M., Giardino, C., Faour, G., Slim, K., Fadel, A., 2019. Using Landsat 

and in situ data to map turbidity as a proxy of cyanobacteria in a hypereutrophic 
Mediterranean reservoir. Ecol. Inform. 50, 197–206. 

Shen, M., Luo, J., Cao, Z., Xue, K., Qi, T., Ma, J., Liu, D., Song, K., Feng, L., Duan, H., 
2022. Random forest: An optimal chlorophyll-a algorithm for optically complex 
inland water suffering atmospheric correction uncertainties. J. Hydrol. 615, 128685. 

Simon, A., Shanmugam, P., 2016. Estimation of the spectral diffuse attenuation 
coefficient of downwelling irradiance in inland and coastal waters from 
hyperspectral remote sensing data: validation with experimental data. Int. J. Appl. 
Earth Obs. 49, 117–125. 

Song, K., Li, L., Li, Z., Tedesco, L., Hall, B., Shi, K., 2013. Remote detection of 

cyanobacteria through phycocyanin for water supply source using three-band model. 
Ecol. Inform. 15, 22–33.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general knowledge, some common data annotation techniques used in deep learning pipelines include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, polygon annotation, key point annotation, and image labeling. These techniques help in creating labeled datasets required for training machine learning models.

Bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangular boxes around objects in an image and assigning them labels. Semantic segmentation involves classifying each pixel in an image into one of several predefined categories. Instance segmentation is similar to semantic segmentation but also differentiates between individual instances of the same category. Polygon annotation involves outlining the shape of objects in an image using polygons. Key point annotation involves marking specific points or landmarks on objects in an image. Image labeling involves assigning a label or tag to an entire image.

In the context of satellite imagery analysis, object detection and semantic segmentation are commonly used techniques. Object detection can be used to identify and locate specific features such as buildings, roads, or vehicles within an image. Semantic segmentation can be used to classify pixels into different land cover types such as vegetation, water bodies, or urban areas.