Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. The prediction task

In this work, we resorted to purely deterministic variants of these 

architectures.  The  models  were  implemented  using  the  deep  learning 
framework PyTorch Lightning (Falcon, 2019) which is built on top of 
PyTorch  (Paszke  et  al.,  2019)  and  enables  improved  scalability.  The 
hyperparameters were tuned using an Optuna-based (Akiba et al., 2019) 
hyperparameter optimization procedure.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhanced prediction of vegetation responses to extreme drought using deep 
learning and Earth observation data 

Klaus-Rudolf Kladny a,c, Marco Milanta a, Oto Mraz a, Koen Hufkens b, d, e, f, Benjamin 
D. Stocker b, d, e, f,* 
a Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
b Department of Environmental Systems Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
c Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Tübingen 72076, Germany 
d Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research WSL, Birmensdorf 8903, Switzerland 
e Institute of Geography, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland 
f Oeschger Centre for Climate Change Resarch, Bern 3012, Switzerland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought impact forecasting 
Sentinel-2 
EarthNet2021 
ConvLSTM 
NDVI

Deep  learning  methods  have  had  great  success  for  highly  related 
domains  such  as  agriculture  (Kamilaris  and  Prenafeta-Boldú,  2018). 
Also, work on LSTMs and other predictive models for vegetation health 
and  land  surface  dynamics  forecasting  for  datasets  other  than  Earth-
Net2021  exist  (Koehler  and  Kuenzer,  2020;  Lees  et  al.,  2022).  Ap-
proaches to the EarthNet2021 challenge specifically use existing video 
prediction  solutions  (Requena-Mesa  et  al.,  2021).  The  Channel-U-Net 
model  uses  an  architecture  roughly  based  on  U-Net  (Ronneberger 
et al., 2015), where all input data is stacked along the channel dimension 
and does not model the temporal dependencies explicitly. The second 
model,  Arcon,  is  an  adaptation  of  the  Stochastic  Adversarial  Video 
Prediction  model  (Lee  et  al.,  2018)  which  does  model  temporal  de-
pendencies, but it was designed primarily for a highly stochastic setting

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, considering the domain of application mentioned -'vegetation responses to extreme drought', one can infer that the model might be used for prediction or forecasting tasks. This is further supported by the mention of 'predictive models for vegetation health and land surface dynamics forecasting'. Additionally, the reference to architectures like ConvLSTM and models like Channel-U-Net and Arcon, which are often used for sequence prediction tasks, also suggests that the deep learning model could be employed for time series prediction or forecasting.