Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

15. Wu, H.; Prasad, S. Semi-Supervised Deep Learning Using Pseudo Labels for Hyperspectral Image

Classiﬁcation. IEEE Trans. Image Process. 2018, 27, 1259–1270. [CrossRef]

16. Romero, A.; Ballas, N.; Kahou, S.E.; Chassang, A.; Gatta, C.; Bengio, Y. FitNets: Hints for Thin Deep Nets.

arXiv preprint 2014, arXiv:1412.6550, 1–13.

17. Erhan, D.; Manzagol, P.-A.; Bengio, Y.; Bengio, S.; Vincent, P. The Diﬃculty of Training Deep Architectures
and the Eﬀect of Unsupervised Pre-Training. In Proceedings of the Twelth International Conference on
Artiﬁcial Intelligence and Statistics (AISTATS), Clearwater Beach, FL, USA, 16–18 April 2009; Volume 5,
pp. 153–160.

18. Weinstein, B.; White, E. Weecology/DeepLidar: Resubmission II, Version 3.0. Available online: http://doi.org/10.

5281/zenodo.3066235 (accessed on 1 June 2019).

19. Dalponte, M.; Coomes, D.A.; Murrell, D. Tree-centric mapping of forest carbon density from airborne laser

combined with labeled data in a semi-supervised framework (sensu [14]), which may improve deep
learning on limited training data by providing neural networks the opportunity to learn generalized
features on a wider array of training examples, followed by retraining on a smaller number of high
quality annotations [16]. It is unknown whether moderate to low quality annotations can be used
to generate trees for initial model training, given the imperfect nature of existing unsupervised tree
delimitation approaches.

samples will be needed to customize the model to a local geographic area. In addition, the availability
of hyperspectral data could assist in dividing the ‘tree’ class into multiple species labels. This would
yield additional insights into the economic value, ecological habitat, and carbon storage capacity for
large geographic areas [39]. While further work is needed to understand the best way to combine data
among scales and sensors, we show that deep learning-based approaches hold the potential for large
scale actionable information on natural systems to be derived from remote sensing data.

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1309

3 of 13

of thousands of noisy labels will yield improved performance, even though these labeled data are
imperfect due to the limitations of the generative algorithm [17].

Figure 1. A conceptual ﬁgure of the proposed semi-supervised pipeline. A Light Detection and
Ranging (LIDAR)-based unsupervised detection generates initial training data for a self-supervised
(red, green, blue (RGB) deep learning model. The model is then retrained based on a small number of
hand-annotated trees to create the full model.

2.1. Study Site and Field Data

We used data from the National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON) site at the San Joaquin
Experimental Range in California to assess our proposed approach (Figure 2). The site contains an open
woodland of live oak (Quercus agrifolia), blue oak (Quercus douglasii), and foothill pine (Pinus sabiniana)
forest. The majority of the site is a single-story canopy with mixed understory of herbaceous vegetation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain specific details about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning models mentioned. Therefore, it is not possible to provide accurate information regarding the learning rates or optimizers used in those models.