Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Deep learning can greatly surpass conventional machine learning by incorporating multi-
layered neural networks capable of processing natural data in their raw form (LeCun et al.
2015).   Deep   convolutional   neural   networks   (CNNs)   are   especially   well   suited   to   image
classiﬁcation and may even achieve superhuman performance (He et al. 2015). Already,
CNNs are playing important roles in healthcare, speech recognition, and driverless cars.
Natural history collections (NHCs) also beneﬁt society in numerous ways, most notably
supporting   public   health,   safety,   and   agriculture   (Suarez   and   Tsutsui   2004).   NHCs   are
likewise fundamental to understanding biodiversity and they underlie studies of evolution,
habitat loss, biological invasion, and climate change. The billions of specimens in NHCs
could   undoubtedly   provide   even   greater   social   and   scientiﬁc   insight,   but   their   data   are

Supplementary materials

Suppl. material 1: Notebook used to deﬁne and train the unstained/stained CNN.

Authors:  Paul B. Frandsen, Abel Brown
Data type:  Mathematica notebook
Filename: stained_unstained_RGB256.nb - Download ﬁle (16.96 MB) 

Suppl. material 2: Annotated notebook used to deﬁne and train the unstained/stained
CNN.

Authors:  Paul B. Frandsen, Abel Brown
Data type:  PDF
Filename: stained_unstained_RGB256.pdf - Download ﬁle (6.24 MB) 

Suppl. material 3: Notebook used to deﬁne and train the clubmoss/spikemoss CNN.

Authors:  Paul B. Frandsen, Abel Brown
Data type:  Mathematica notebook
Filename: clubmoss_spikemoss_RGB256.nb - Download ﬁle (5.81 MB) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Applications of deep convolutional neural networks to digitized natural ...

9

Suppl. material 4: Annotated notebook used to deﬁne and train the clubmoss/
spikemoss CNN

Authors:  Paul B. Frandsen, Abel Brown
Data type:  PDF
Filename: clubmoss_spikemoss_RGB256.pdf - Download ﬁle (2.68 MB)

Deep   learning   might   ultimately   be   leveraged   in   many   ways   for   many   diﬀerent   types   of
NHCs.   Here,   we   focus   on   the   digitized   portion   (currently   1.2   million   specimens)   of   the
United States National Herbarium. Our analyses, focused on the detection of specimens
previously treated with mercury and the discrimination of superﬁcially similar plant families,
are complementary to those recently published on species identiﬁcation (Carranza-Rojas et
al. 2017) and further demonstrate how CNNs might be used to learn more from NHCs.

Materials and methods

Applications of deep convolutional neural networks to digitized natural history collections. Biodiversity Data

Journal 5: e21139. https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.5.e21139 

Abstract

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors do not explicitly discuss strategies for handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, it is common practice in deep learning to use a fixed random seed value when training models to ensure reproducibility of results. This allows researchers to compare different model architectures or hyperparameters while controlling for the effects of random initialization. Additionally, techniques like cross-validation and ensemble methods can help mitigate the impact of randomness on model performance. In this study, the authors likely employed some combination of these strategies, although specific details are not mentioned.

Based on the given context, I cannot provide a detailed explanation of the exact strategies used in this particular study regarding handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline. However, generally speaking, using a fixed random seed value, employing cross-validation, and utilizing ensemble methods are common practices to manage randomness in deep learning pipelines.