Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

landscape photographs using a convolutional neural network. Eco Inform 50, 
220–233. 

Cheshmehzangi, A., 2016. Multi-spatial environmental performance evaluation towards 
integrated urban design: a procedural approach with computational simulations. 
J Clean Prod 139, 1085–1093. 

Guo, Z., Wang, J., Xu, H., Wang, J., Ma, J., Zhang, Z., 2023. Construction of 3D landscape 
indexes based on oblique photogrammetry and its application for islands. Eco Inform 
75, 102112. 

Ho, L.-C., 2023. LaDeco: a tool to analyze visual landscape elements. Eco Inform 78, 

102289. 

Hooyberg, A., Michels, N., Allaert, J., Vandegehuchte, M.B., Everaert, G., De Henauw, S., 
Roose, H., 2022. ‘Blue’ coasts: unravelling the perceived restorativeness of coastal 
environments and the influence of their components. Landscape Urban Plan 228, 
104551. 

Huang, S., Qi, J., Li, W., Dong, J., van den Bosch, C.K., 2021. The contribution to stress

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024363J. Qi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Table 1 
Dimensions, metrics categories and description of 3D spatial metrics.  

Dimension and Sub- 
dimension 

Metric categories 

Metrics 

Description 

Landscape 
volumetric ratio 

Volume 

Naturalness 

Landscape volume 

Green volumetric 
ratio (%) 
Green volume (m3) 
Grey volume (m3) 

Volumetric ratio of non-ground green to the total non-ground components 

Overall volume of the non-ground green/grey components 

Area 

Landscape area 
ratio 

Blue area ratio (%) 

Area ratio of blue to total ground components 

Complexity 

3Ddiversity 

Horizontal diversity 

Green horizontal 
diversity 
Grey horizontal 
diversity

While  the  aforementioned  methods  help  decision-makers  gain  a 
deeper understanding of visual attributes, they should not be merely a 
visual  quality  assessment  tool  but  an  essential  component  of  design 
thinking  processes  for  quality  improvement  (Cheshmehzangi,  2016). 
Currently, some image-based models have been developed to facilitate 
landscape planning and design. For instance, Ho (2023) developed an 
image-based tool (LaDeco) to analyze visual landscape elements (e.g., 
landforms, vegetation and water bodies), enabling planners to rapidly 
and objectively segment images for landscape planning and design. Bayr 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: akilse@nus.edu.sg (E.S. Lin).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102436 
Received 25 October 2023; Received in revised form 15 December 2023; Accepted 15 December 2023

and Puschmann (2019) applied a convolutional neural network for the 
automatic  recognition  of  woody  regrowth  vegetation  in  repeat  land-
scape  photographs. By comparing  the changes between repeat  photo-
graphs, planners and designers can identify general trends of landscape 
change.  Although  these  image-based  methods  are  powerful  tools  to 
assess and track landscape visual quality, design projects’ aesthetic and 
scientific meaning may be transformed or lost during the modification 
and  application  process  in  the  widely  used  visualization  tools,  like 
Rhino, Sketchup, and 3D Max (Urech et al., 2020). Moreover, image- 
based  methods  fail  to  capture  or  represent  some  spatial attributes  (e. 
g.,  volumes),  which  is  also  a  key  component  within  the  landscape 
composition. Extracting and representing spatial attributes from the 3D 
models created in widely used visualization tools for landscape planning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is not explicitly stated. However, it can be inferred that the deep learning model, specifically a convolutional neural network, was used for automatic recognition of woody regrowth vegetation in repeat landscape photographs by Bayr and Puschmann (2019). This suggests that the primary purpose of this deep learning model is likely related to object detection or segmentation tasks in the field of computer vision.