Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arctic wildlife monitoring 
Deep learning 
ResNet-50 
MegaDetector 
Time-lapse camera

Separate  two-class  models  were  trained  for  Finnmark  and  Yamal 
using  the  keras  package  in  R  (Allaire  and  Chollet,  2023)  with  a  Ten-
sorFlow  backend (Allaire  and Tang,  2023).  Preliminary trials  showed 
that region-specific models performed better. The ResNet-50 architec-
ture, a convolutional neural network that is 50 layers deep (He et al., 
2015), was used to train the models with 55 epochs (number of times the 
algorithm goes through the entire training data set) and a batch size of 
64  (number  of  samples  to  work  through  before  updating  model  pa-
rameters)  with  a  one-cycle  learning  rate  (hyperparameter  controlling 
model  response  to  estimated  error  each  time  the  model  weights  are 
updated) policy with a minimum of 0.000001 and a maximum of 0.001 
(Smith, 2018).

Our approach combines training custom site-specific models that can 
be adapted to a new context in a flexible way with a highly performant 
openly available model, MegaDetector (Beery et al., 2019). Specifically, 
our approach consists of (1) identifying high-quality images, for which 
there is no model we are aware of currently available, (2) separating 
empty  images  from  images  with  animals,  humans,  or  vehicles,  (3) 
cropping out detected objects from images and classifying them by ob-
ject type (rock, bait, empty and species), and (4) manually inspecting a 
selection of images. We investigate trade-offs between false negatives 
and manual reviewing time, and we evaluate the benefit of several en-
hancements to the typical MegaDetector workflow.

shown to reduce the processing time of image classification load by as 
much as 5× to 13× depending on the tasks (Fennell et al., 2022; Henrich

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this context is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred from the information given. The article mentions using the ResNet-50 architecture, which is typically employed for object recognition tasks such as image classification, localization, and detection. Furthermore, the use of MegaDetector, a tool designed for detecting animals and people in photos, suggests that the primary goal of the deep learning model is likely related to object detection. This is further supported by the mention of cropping out detected objects from images and classifying them by object type. Therefore, it appears that the main objective of the deep learning model is to identify and categorize various objects within the images, including rocks, bait, and different animal species.