Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

18. Select Mining Pixels Above 3 pixel sizes (PROCESS) - In order to remove the influence of isolated, small, misclassified pixels (that are usually 
1–2 pixels in size), the minimum size of a mine for this step of the model was deemed as 3 pixels in size (or > 2700 m2 in a Landsat Image). It is a 
common occurrence in LULC classification maps, especially those done on a large scale, to contain isolated, misclassified individual pixels. Therefore, 
only mines above 2700 m2 were selected, removing the influence of small, misclassified pixels on the reclassification of water bodies to ensure the 
most accurate result could be achieved.

There were five LULC classes in the study area: mines, water, forest, 
urban areas, and bare soil. Due to the vast and remote study area, it was 
not  feasible  to  collect  training  or  validation  data  through  fieldwork. 
Landsat images, along with the cluster classification maps were used to 
collect training data. Locations for training sites were chosen by using 
(a) the previously created Landsat image collection as a basemap, (b) the 
previously  created  cloud  mask,  to  avoid  cloud-covered  areas  when 
selecting training  sites,  and (c) the  previously created cluster classifi-
cation map as a further guide for class selection. Seventy training sites in 
the form of points (each point represents one pixel on the map) were 
selected for each of the five classes, making up a total of 350 points per 
image.  The  points  were  selected  using  a  stratified  (by  class)  random 
sampling approach and were distributed across the entire study area.

classification  algorithm  (ee.Clusterer.wekaKMeans  in  GEE),  which 
segmented each image into 10 classes (based on RGB, near infrared and 
shortwave infrared bands). This number allowed for an initial  assess-
ment of the study area and the identification of sub-class spectral pat-
terns that existed within each of the five final classes. The cluster images 
were  used  for  a  more  informed  decision  about  suitable  locations  for 
training sites for the supervised classification. 

2.4.2. Selection of LULC classes and training sites

Gallwey, Jane, Robiati, Carlo, Coggan, John, Vogt, Declan, Eyre, Matthew, 2020. 
A Sentinel-2 based multispectral convolutional neural network for detecting 
artisanal small-scale mining in Ghana: applying deep learning to shallow mining. 
Remote Sens. Environ. 248, 111970 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2020.111970. 
Girardin, C´ecile A.J., Malhi, Yadvinder, Doughty, Christopher E., Metcalfe, Daniel B., 
Meir, Patrick, del Aguila-Pasquel, Jhon, Araujo-Murakami, Alejandro, et al., 2016. 
Seasonal trends of Amazonian rainforest phenology, net primary productivity, and 
carbon allocation: seasonal trends of Amazonian forests. Glob. Biogeochem. Cycles 
30 (5), 700–715. https://doi.org/10.1002/2015GB005270. 

Gorelick, Noel, Hancher, Matt, Dixon, Mike, Ilyushchenko, Simon, Thau, David, 

Moore, Rebecca, 2017. Google Earth engine: planetary-scale geospatial analysis for 
everyone. Remote Sens. Environ. 202, 18–27. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
rse.2017.06.031.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on how the data was split for deep learning model training (train, test, validation sets). However, it mentions that seventy training sites in the form of points were selected for each of the five classes, making up a total of 350 points per image. These points were selected using a stratified (by class) random sampling approach and were distributed across the entire study area. This suggests that the data might have been randomly divided into training and testing datasets. Additionally, the use of a cluster classification map as a further guide for class selection implies that some form of cross-validation may have been employed during the training process. Nevertheless, without specific details regarding the splitting method, we cannot definitively state the exact criteria used to divide the data for deep learning model training.