Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

to analyze and estimate these variables at global scale, over most of the 
Earth forest surface specially in remote areas where no local LiDAR data 
are  available  and  where  the  vertical  structure  of  the  forest  is  very 
complex and poorly understood (Burns et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific preprocessing steps for training a deep learning model. However, based on general practices in machine learning and deep learning, some common preprocessing steps include:

1. Data Cleaning: This involves removing or correcting erroneous, missing, or irrelevant data from the dataset. In the case of image datasets like Sentinel-2 optical images mentioned in the context, it could involve handling missing pixels due to cloud cover or other atmospheric disturbances.

2. Normalization/Scaling: Deep learning models often perform better when input features are scaled to similar ranges. For instance, pixel intensities in images are usually normalized to a range between 0 and 1.

3. Augmentation: To increase the size of the dataset and improve the robustness of the model, various augmentations such as rotation, flipping, zooming, etc., can be applied to the original images.

4. Feature Extraction: Depending on the complexity of the task, additional features might need to be extracted from the raw data. For example, in the context of estimating forest density, features like texture, color histograms, etc., might provide useful information.

5. Label Preparation: For supervised learning tasks, labels corresponding to each sample must be prepared. These labels guide the learning process of the model.