Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

contribute  to  larger  data  input  for  future  training  of  deep  learning 
models (Best  et  al., 2023).  Accordingly, the  rapid growth of  artificial 
intelligence  and  deep  learning  methods  could  bring  about  important 
innovations related to feature extraction and classification with the aim 
of overcoming the current challenges halting the use of PAM for indi-
vidual acoustic discrimination and succeeding in a sustained and non- 
invasive monitoring of animal populations.

The second approach we used to extract embeddings was from the 
pre-trained  BirdNET  model.  The  original  version  of  the  model  was

hidden states and taking the mean and standard deviation for each 1-s 
clip, which resulted in a feature vector of length 40.

of length 2048. Model and code was run in Python version 3.10 based on 
the code and methods presented in: https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET 
-Analyzer.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information regarding the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into sets such as train, test, or validation. However, it is common practice in machine learning to divide datasets into these subsets to evaluate the performance of models during training and prevent overfitting. Typically, the dataset is divided randomly, but stratified sampling can also be employed to maintain class proportions when dealing with imbalanced classes. In some cases, time series data may require special splitting techniques like walk forward validation. Please refer to additional resources or consult domain experts for more detailed information on this topic.