Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.4. Connectivity data 

The  synthetic  connectivity  data  was  generated  using  a  Generative 
Adversarial Network (GAN) model based on the y-data-synthetic Python 
package (YData, 2023), as this model was able to replicate the sparse-
ness  of  the  original  connectivity  matrices  best  and  performed  best  in 
terms of the utility metrics. GAN models feature a generator component, 
which learns the latent features of the data to generate a data sample, 
and  a  discriminator,  which  is  a  classification  model  which  learns  to 
classify real and synthetic data. Backpropagation from the discriminator 
updates the model parameters in the generator with the magnitude of 
the update depending on the success of the discriminator in classifying 

Fig. 3. Spatial distributions of the original (middle), synthetic (left) and sampled synthetic (right) data sets. Colours and size of points indicate site area. Note, 
sampled synthetic uses anonymized latitudes and longitudes.

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association, 2023. Satellites & Bleaching. Retrieved 
from NOAA satellite and information service. https://coralreefwatch.noaa.gov/pr 
oduct/5km/tutorial/crw10a_dhw_product.php. 

Nikolenko, S.I., 2021. Synthetic Data for Deep Learning. eBook. Springer. https://doi. 

org/10.1007/978-3-030-75178-4. 

Patki, N., Wedge, R., Veeramachaneni, K., 2016, October. The Synthetic Data Vault. In: 
IEEE International Conference on Data Science and Advanced Analytics (DSAA), 
pp. 399–410. https://doi.org/10.1109/DSAA.2016.49. 

Poisot, T., Gravel, D., Leroux, S., Wood, S.A., Fortin, M.-J., Baiser, B., Stouffer, D.B., 
2016. Synthetic datasets and community tools for the rapid testing of ecological 
hypotheses. Ecography 39, 402–408. https://doi.org/10.1111/ecog.01941. 

Quintana, D., 2020. A synthetic dataset primer for the behavioural science to promote 
reproducability and hypothesis generation. Elife 9, e5327. https://doi.org/10.7554/ 
eLife.5327.

model  flexibility  and  compatibility  to  generate  data  packages  for  the 
purposes listed above. The methods used to demonstrate the utility of 
the data models (often called general utility) (Snoke et al., 2018), were 
chosen for their applicability to a range of data types (allowing com-
parison across different input datasets) and high compatibility with the 
Synthetic  Data  Vault  python  package.  These  are  discussed  in  further 
detail in Section V.

and  management  domains,  including  restoration  of  the  Great  Barrier 
Reef (GBR). Many GBR rightsholders would opt for not revealing early 
modelling results for intervention scenarios at specific sites until a policy 
framework  has  been  formally  agreed  upon.  For  example,  Traditional 
Owners and tour operators on the Reef may wish to keep the results of 
exploratory analyses of intervention options and projected outcomes for 
their areas private until a mutually beneficial strategy has been agreed 
on. For these reasons, it is desirable to create synthetic datasets which 

Abbreviations: GBR, Great Barrier Reef; SDV, Synthetic Data Vault; GAN, Generative Adversarial Network; CNN, Convolutional Neural Network; TVAE, Tabular Vari-

ational Auto-Encoder; PAR, Probabilistic Autoregressive.. 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: r.crocker@aims.gov.au (R. Crocker).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough context provided to determine the exact data repository link of the deep learning pipeline mentioned. However, I can tell you that common platforms for sharing such resources include Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, and GBIF. Please provide more details or check the sources cited in the text for potential links to the data repository.