Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

However,  the  rise  of  cheap  and  powerful  sensors  has  created  an 
ever-increasing data glut.  To be effective, these new tools must be 
coupled  with  new  automated  approaches  to  processing  and 
analyzing wildlife data streams. 

Here we describe examples of how we are leveraging advances in 
the areas of big data and deep learning to help researchers extract 
meaningful  information  from  the  torrent  of  new  sensor  data,  and 
improve the adaptive management of natural systems. 

4. DEEP LEARNING FOR 

BIODIVERSITY  
4.1.Big data infrastructure

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

all  based  on  the  lower  level  representations  learned  in  previous 
layers. These  models  are  completely  trainable  from  data,  usually 
in a supervised fashion, such that the learning algorithm (usually 
stochastic  gradient  decent),  is  told  what  the  desired  output  is  for 
each input data sample.

analysts.  Second,  using  machine  learning  (ML)  techniques,  such 
as  deep  learning  (DL),  we  progressively  train  computational 
models  to  detect  and  classify  events  of  interest,  and  reduce  the 
amount of wildlife data reviewed by human analysts by orders of 
magnitude.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit details about the specific data annotation techniques used in their deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that they use supervised learning methods, which typically involve labeled datasets. In this case, the labels could refer to different species or other relevant categories related to biodiversity monitoring. While the exact annotation technique isn't specified, common techniques used in similar applications include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. Bounding boxes enclose objects within images, while semantic segmentation involves labeling each pixel with its corresponding object category. Instance segmentation combines both techniques, allowing multiple instances of the same object to be identified separately. Given the nature of the application, any of these techniques might be employed depending on the specific requirements of the project.