Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this phase the network is trained with the mean scaled absolute 
error as regression loss, using a batch size of 1, an input image resolution 
(cid:0) 5. Moreover, we utilize 
of 1536 × 768 pixels, and a learning rate of 10
only horizontal flipping for data augmentation in this phase. 

2.5. Baseline comparison 

To also have a comparison of our method with a simpler approach, 
we compare our results with the ones from a ResNet50 that was pre- 
trained  on  the  ImageNet  classification  dataset  (Russakovsky  et  al., 
2015) with added FPN, later also referred to at ImageNet baseline model. 
As the ImageNet dataset is a normal classification dataset that does not 
contain the plant species from our dataset, this network cannot be uti-
lized  for  zero-shot  cover  prediction.  Hence,  we  only  evaluate  this 
network after training it on our dedicated plant cover data.

To  train  the  network,  we  follow  the  base  method  proposed  in 
K¨orschens et al. (2021b). This approach, which we will refer to as seg-
mentation  pre-training,  is  motivated  by  four  aspects.  First,  there  is 
usually only little training data available for plant cover estimation data, 
as  annotating  such  images  is  highly  laborious.  CNNs  usually  require 
large amounts of training data to perform well. Therefore, it would be 
advantageous to be able to utilize additional external training data to 
improve  the  training  results.  Second,  transfer  learning,  the  task  of 
training the network on larger datasets first, followed by fine-tuning the 
network on the target task, has been shown to improve the performance 
of  CNNs  drastically  (Kornblith  et  al.,  2019).  Third,  in  previous  in-
vestigations (K¨orschens et al., 2021a) also found that performing pre- 
training  on  domain-related  image  data  (e.g.,  images  containing  the

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025165M. K¨orschens et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Fig. 4. The basic 3-phase processing pipeline for training our network. In the first phase, a classification network is trained using GBIF image data, which applies 
class activation mapping to generate weak segmentation maps. In the second phase, these maps are used for training a segmentation network on the GBIF image data. 
In the third phase, the networks weights can be used to either train a plant cover prediction network on the actual vegetation data (like the InsectArmageddon 
dataset), or the network can be applied directly to vegetation data to generate zero-shot predictions without any training on plant cover annotations. Image adapted 
from K¨orschens et al. (2021b).

information usable as annotations for network training.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific preprocessing steps involved before training the deep learning models mentioned. However, based on common practices in machine learning and deep learning, some general preprocessing steps could include:

1. Data Cleaning: Removing irrelevant, redundant, or corrupted data points from the dataset.
2. Normalization/Scaling: Scaling the input features to a similar range to ensure that all inputs contribute equally during training. Common methods include min-max scaling, z-score normalization, or unit length normalization.
3. Data Augmentation: Applying transformations like rotation, translation, zooming, cropping, or flipping to increase the diversity of the training set and prevent overfitting. In the given context, horizontal flipping is mentioned as a form of data augmentation.
4. Splitting Datasets: Dividing the dataset into separate subsets for training, validation, and testing purposes.
5. Label Encoding: Converting categorical labels into numerical values if required by the model architecture.