Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Lafferty JD, Williams CKI, Shawe-Taylor J, Zemel RS, Culotta A, editors. 
Advances in neural information processing systems 23. Curran Associates 
Inc; 2010. p. 1324–32. http:// papers. nips. cc/ paper/ 4043- learn ing- to- 
count- objec ts- in- images. pdf

 23.  Naudé JJ, Joubert D. The aerial elephant dataset Zenodo. 2019. https:// 

doi. org/ 10. 5281/ zenodo. 32347 80.

 24.  Ronneberger O, Fischer P, Brox T. U-net: convolutional networks for 
biomedical image segmentation; 2015. CoRR arXiv: 1505. 04597.

 25.  Naude J, Joubert D. The aerial elephant dataset: A new public benchmark 
for aerial object detection. In: Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF conference on 
computer vision and pattern recognition (CVPR) Workshops; 2019.
 26.  Oñoro D, López-Sastre R. Towards perspective-free object counting with 
deep learning, vol. 9911. Berlin: Springer; 2016. https:// doi. org/ 10. 1007/ 
978-3- 319- 46478-7_ 38.

 27.  Tan M, Le QV. Efficientnet: Rethinking model scaling for convolutional

Page 6 of 10

EfficientNet-B5  feature  extractor  [27].  EfficientNet  is  a 
CNN  developed  by  Google,  characterized  by  high  accu-
racy  and  computational  efficiency.  Model-2  was  initial-
ized  by  pre-trained  weights  based  on  the  Imagenet  data 
set  [28].  All  the  parameters  were  optimized  using  the 
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 0.001.

Training

An  Nvidia  GeForce  RTX  2060  GPU  was  used  for  train-
ing,  with  a  batch  size  of  8.  Model-1  (without  feature 
extractor)  was  trained  for  7  h  and  Model-2  (with  a  fea-
ture  extractor)  for  17  h.  Based  on  the  model’s  perfor-
mance on the validation set, the early stopping technique 
was  applied  to  avoid  over-fitting.  Model-2,  which  used 

pre-trained  weights  and  thus  some  prior  relevant  infor-
mation, converged faster than Model-1 (Fig. 3).

Model evaluation: testing

Page 4 of 10

a  high  dimensional  feature  vector1.  Then,  the  Decoder 
semantically projects the features learned by the encoder 
onto the pixel space, generating a corresponding density 
distribution for the given image. This density map is used 
to  get  the  number  of  objects  by  simply  integrating  the 
density distribution over the region (see “Counting from 
density map” section) (Fig. 1).

Data preparation

Both data sets were split into training and testing images 
with  a  ratio  of  80  :  20,  respectively.  For  the  SSLs’  data 
set,  the  first  800  images  were  used  for  training,  and  the 
remaining  148  were  used  as  test  images  to  evaluate  the 
model’s  performance.  For  the  elephants’  data  set,  1649 
images  were  used  for  training,  while  452  images  were 
used for testing.

In  the  proposed  work,  the  down-sampling  (contract-
ing)  path  repeatedly  applies  a  block  comprised  of  two 
3 × 3  convolutions,  followed  by  batch-normalization, 
a  Rectified  Linear  Unit  (ReLU)  activation  and  a  2 × 2 
max-pooling  layer  of  stride  2.  The  number  of  feature 
map  channels  in  the  contracting  path  is  doubled  at 
each  down-sampling  block.  Similarly,  the  up-sampling 
(expansive)  path  replaces  the  max-pooling  layers  with 
up-sampling layers that apply nearest-neighbor interpo-
lation.  Analogous  to  the  contracting  path,  the  number 
of  feature  map  channels  is  halved  at  each  up-sampling 
block.  The  feature  maps  of  the  up-sampling  path  are 
concatenated  with  the  feature  maps  of  the  contracting 
path. Finally, the output layer results by applying a 1 × 1 
convolution.

Loss function

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit details about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that the models use object detection or semantic segmentation techniques due to their application in counting objects in images. Object detection typically involves bounding box annotations around the objects of interest, while semantic segmentation requires pixel-level labeling of different classes within an image. Given that the models aim to count objects in images, it is likely that they employ either bounding box annotations or semantic segmentation techniques during the data annotation process.