Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Dennison, W.C., Barnes, D.J., 1988. Effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and 

calcification. J Exp Mar Biol Ecol 115 (9), 67–77. 

Do, A.N.T., Tran, H.D., 2023. Combining a deep learning model with an optimization 

algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern 
Vietnam under global warming. Eco. Inform. 78, 102380. 

Donovan, M.K., Friedlander, A.M., Lecky, J., Jouffray, J.B., Williams, G.J., Wedding, L. 
M., Crowder, L.B., Erickson, A.L., Graham, N.A., Gove, J.M., Kappel, C.V., 2018. 
Combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes reveals complex reef 
dynamics. Sci. Rep. 8 (1), 16943. 

Dubinsky, Z., Stambler, N., 1996. Marine pollution and coral reefs. Glob. Chang. Biol. 2 

(6), 511–526. 

Edmunds, P.J., Tsounis, G., Lasker, H.R., 2016. Differential distribution of octocorals and 
scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Hydrobiologia 
767, 347–360.

Fig. 5. Network structure for supervised learning of the fish factor (FF) with all 
measured  variables  as  predictors.  The  latent  FF  comprised  the  manifest  vari-
ables from corals, sponges and gorgonians.

The MWST-learned network was used for the final clustering of each 
group  of  variables.  The  connections  between  nodes  for  different  taxa 
variables  were  first  removed  so  that  only  within-taxon  connections 
remained (Fig. S2). The number of factors requested for variable clus-
tering was chosen based on the number of taxa. Multiple clustering was 
used to construct a new latent factor variable for each taxon, generating 
multiple  cluster  states  within  each  latent  factor  variable.  These  four 
latent variables were then themselves clustered to create a higher-level 
latent factor variable, a meta-cluster, that summarized the cluster states 
across  taxa.  This  meta-clustering  provides  a  hierarchical  clustering 
network that summarizes information on the coral reef community from 
the measured variables across taxa. This network also includes all factor 
nodes  and  observable  nodes  from  monitoring  data  so  it  provides  an

Salvador, J.A., Fincham, J.I., Gomes, A., Handegard, N.O., Howell, K., Jamet, C., 
2023. Machine learning in marine ecology: an overview of techniques and 
applications. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 80 (7), 1829–1853. 

Ruzicka, R.R., Colella, M., Porter, J.W., Morrison, J.M., 2013. Temporal changes in 

benthic assemblages on Florida keys reefs 11 years after the 1997/1998 El Ni˜no. 
Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser. 489, 125–141. 

Santavy, D.L., Fisher, W.S., Campbell, J.G., Quarles, R.L., 2012. Field Manual for Coral 
Reef Assessments. US Environmental Protection Agency Office of Research and 
Development EPA/600/R-12/029 April 2012, Gulf Breeze FL.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention or description of the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide specific details about the deployment process such as model serialization or platform selection. However, some general steps involved in deploying a deep learning model include saving the trained model using a format like TensorFlow's SavedModel or PyTorch's torch.save(), selecting a suitable platform for hosting the deployed model (like AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, etc.), setting up the necessary infrastructure, and finally integrating the saved model into the application or service where it will be utilized.