Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In addition,  in the prediction  of dissolved oxygen in  water, (Chen 
et  al.,  2020)  not  only  applied  water  quality  parameters  but  also 
considered parameters such as temperature, humidity, and atmospheric 
pressure in the air as input variables for the model, providing ideas for 
subsequent research. 

At last, for the dataset as listed in Table 1, and, three different data 
processing methods were trained and tested using the proposed method, 

4. Discussions 

Table 7 
Medians of measured versus computed DO concentration.  

The  above  results  and  analyses  show  that  traditional  machine 
learning  methods  (SVR)  and  deep  learning  methods  (LSTM)  can  be 
adapted  to  address  the  problems  of  poor  generalization  ability,  local 
optimum, underfitting, and overfitting of conventional models to predict 
DO concentration successfully. The machine learning and deep learning 
literature also discuss the prediction of DO concentration. For example, 

Models

Heddam, S., Kim, S., Mehr, A.D., Zounemat-Kermani, M., Malik, A., Elbeltagi, A., et al., 
2022b. Predicting dissolved oxygen concentration in river using new advanced 
machines learning: long-short term memory (LSTM) deep learning. In: Computers in 
Earth and Environmental Sciences. Elsevier, pp. 1–20. 

Heddam, S., Lamda, H., Filali, S., 2016. Predicting effluent biochemical oxygen demand 
in a wastewater treatment plant using generalized regression neural network based 
approach: a comparative study. Environ. Process. 3, 153–165. 

Heddam, S., Yaseen, Z.M., Falah, M.W., Goliatt, L., Tan, M.L., Sa’adi, Z., Ahmadianfar, I., 
Saggi, M., Bhatia, A., Samui, P., 2022. Cyanobacteria blue-green algae prediction 
enhancement using hybrid machine learning–based gamma test variable selection 
and empirical wavelet transform. Environ. Sci. Pollut. Res. 29 (51), 77157–77187. 

Huan, J., Cao, W., Liu, X., 2017. A dissolved oxygen prediction method based on K-

concentration  prediction  ability  than  the  standard  MLPNN  model 
(Areerachakul et al., 2013). Du combined RBFNN with the proportional 
integrated  derivative  algorithm  to  control  the  DO  concentration  in 
aviation  tanks.  GRNN  improves  approximation  ability  and  learning 
speed compared to RBF networks and is also suitable for predicting small 
sample sizes (Du et al., 2018). In predicting DO concentration in river 
water,  Heddam  applied  GRNN  for  modeling  hourly  DO,  at  Klamath 
River, Oregon, USA (Heddam, 2014a), whereas Cs´abr´agi used GRNN, 
RBFNN,  MLPNN,  and  MLR  for  the  River  Tisza  and  Danube  (Cs´abr´agi 
et al., 2019; Cs´abr´agi et al., 2017). Antanasijevi´c used GRNN, MLPNN, 
and  recurrent  neural  networks  (RNN)  for  DO  concentrations  in  the 
Danube River, North Serbia, and compared the results with that of MLR. 
ELM is a type of single hidden layer feedforward neural network, which

3.1. Data and test environment 

In this experiment, the data from the first eight days were used as the 
training set, and the data from the last two days were used as the vali-
dation set. The four water quality parameters, Ec, Tem, Tur, and H, were 
used as inputs of the model to predict the DO concentration after 10 min. 
The test environment consisted of an Intel I5–5200U processor with 
CPU clock speed of 2.2 GHz and memory of 8 GB. The operating system 
was Windows 10 (64-bit). The programming language was Python 3.7 
(64-bit), and the integrated development environment was Anaconda 3, 
with Anaconda's sklearn package used for support vector regression and 
PyWavelets used for the wavelet transform. 

Fig. 3. Flowchart of the proposed WTD-GWO-SVR method for predicting DO concentration levels.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of any specific deep learning framework being used to build the model. However, it does state that the programming language used was Python 3.7 and the integrated development environment was Anaconda 3. This suggests that popular Python libraries like TensorFlow or PyTorch could have been used, but without further details, we cannot confirm which one specifically.