Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tolerance 
aggregation,  data  redundancy  management, 
handling, licenses of use and data protection, real-time queries on the

chosen between text/csv (i.e., comma-separated values) or application/ 
json format, following the common MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail 
Extensions) types guidelines (Ned and Borenstein, 1996). A more com-
plete and detailed review of Global Subset methods can be found on the 
Open API documentation page of the web service. On the contrary, the 
Fixed  Sites  APIs  interface,  not  implemented  in  the  current  version  of 
nasawebservice,  provides  data  for  selected  fields  and  flux  towers, 
belonging to a certain research network (e.g., FLUXNET Canada), across 
the world.

Rocchini, D., Neteler, M., 2012. Let the four freedoms paradigm apply to ecology. Trends 

Ecol. Evol. 27, 310–311. 

Rodríguez-Mazahua, L., Rodríguez-Enriquez, C.A., S´anchez-Cervantes, J.L., Cervantes, J., 
García-Alcaraz, J.L., Alor-Hern´andez, G., 2016. A general perspective of big data: 
applications, tools, challenges and trends. J. Supercomput. 72 (8), 3073–3113. 
Running, S.W., Ramakrishna, R.N., Faith, A.H., Maosheng, Z., Matt, R., Hirofumi, H., 

Internet of things platform for smart farming: experiences and lessons learnt. Sensors 
16 (11), 1884. 

2004. A continuous satellite-derived measure of global terrestrial primary 
production. Bioscience 54 (6), 547–560. 

Jepsen, J.U., Hagen, S.B., Høgda, K.A., Ims, R.A., Karlsen, S.R., Tømmervik, H., 

Schwager, P., Berg, C., 2021. Remote sensing variables improve species distribution

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about any specific deep learning models or their development process. Therefore, it is impossible to determine what measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of such a model. The context primarily discusses various aspects of NASA Web Services, including its architecture, interfaces, and methods, along with some references to related literature. However, none of these details provide insight into the creation or validation of a deep learning model.