Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  initial  version  of  the  BA  algorithm  implemented  in  FIREMAP 
involves  a  supervised  ML  classification  to  procure  a  BA  vector  of  the 
region of interest defined by the user. A data-mining approach using a 
large predefined training dataset (e.g. Gaveau et al., 2021; Ramo et al., 
2018)  is  adopted,  following  a  mono-temporal  perspective  relying  on 
atmospherically corrected, harmonized Sentinel-2 (S2) post-fire Level-2 
A scenes (COPERNICUS/S2_SR_HARMONIZED dataset in GEE from 2018 
onwards). First, we considered in this initial version the exclusive use of 
post-fire scenes to (i) minimize commission errors associated with land 
cover changes such as logging, harvesting or flooding in the post-fire 
period  (assuming  those  associated  with  shadows  and  water  bodies) 
(Chuvieco et al., 2019), and (ii) maximize the synergistic potential of S2 
near-infrared  (NIR),  short-wave  infrared  (SWIR),  and  red-edge  (RE)

interest and for the official fire perimeters of the EFFIS database. The 
algorithm automatically selects the date range of interest for the pre- 
and post-fire scenes in the case of using an official perimeter from the 
EFFIS database. Otherwise, the date range can be manually selected by 
the user. The automatic search for pre- and post-fire scenes of acceptable 
quality can either be based on a single-date approach or on pixel-based 
temporal  mean  composites  as  determined  by  the  Sentinel  (QA60)  or 
Landsat (QA_PIXEL) quality assessment bands (see Section 2.2.1). When 
the  user requests the  calculation of a  spectral index in FIREMAP, the 
result is automatically displayed on the main screen as a continuous or 
categorized fire severity map, with the possibility of using user-defined 
thresholds.  The  latter  has  been  included  because  of  the  ecosystem- 
dependent  nature  of  the  relationships  between  the  CBI  and  spectral

that  has 

facilitated 

the  access 

Google Earth Engine  (GEE; Gorelick  et al.,  2017) is  a  cloud-based 
platform 
to  high-performance 
computing with high applicability in wildfire science (e.g. Parks et al., 
2018; Piao et al., 2022; Roteta et al., 2021) because it hosts a vast remote 
sensing  data  catalog  in  the  petabyte  scale,  including  European  Space 
Agency  (ESA)  and  National  Aeronautics  and  Space  Administration 
(NASA) datasets over 40-years. These datasets can be readily processed 
at very large spatial scales using automatic parallel processing (Gorelick 
et al., 2017), taking advantage of advanced image processing techniques 
and machine learning (ML) algorithms (Amani et al., 2020). However, 
JavaScript, Python or R application programming interface (API) and 
the associated interactive development environment (IDE) in GEE still 
requires a high-level technical expertise.

The  BA  algorithm  first  considers  using  a  single-date  approach  to 
select the scene closest to the post-fire date specified by the user (or by 

Fig. 1. Schematic overview of FIREMAP workflow.  

interest  can  be  defined  by  using  historical  wildfire  perimeters 
(2008–2023), filtered by country and region, through the database of 
the European Forest Fire Information System (EFFIS; San-Miguel-Ayanz 
et al., 2013). Alternatively, the user can also define its own region of 
interest by manually digitizing a polygon. The dates of interest can be 
entered either manually, e.g. by providing the pre- and/or post-fire date 
range,  or  by  using  dates  in  the  EFFIS  database  if  the  perimeter  of  a 
historic wildfire corresponds to the region of interest. FIREMAP auto-
matically selects the best available scenes (see Section 2.2) within the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline of the BA algorithm implemented in FIREMAP. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this query.