Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

2.1. CNN training data

3. Results 

3.1. Results of classification and regression tasks

In addition, the expert readers had the advantage of using auxiliary 
information, including catch date, body length, back calculated smolt 
size, weight, sex and river location. Typically, growth conditions differ 
significantly  from  south  to  north  and  smolt  size  differs  accordingly 
(Aronsen et al., 2019). Further, classification of a scale as farmed/wild, 
for instance, might guide the age reading because of differences in ex-
pected  growth  patterns.  No  such  information  was  given  to  the  CNNs 
during training but it is reasonable to expect that the CNNs performance 
would increase if some extra input information were provided during 
training  and  prediction  e.g.  CNNs  predictions  of  wild/farmed  or 
spawned/not  spawned  were  fed  into  the  regression  CNNs.  It  is

relatively small number of training examples in infrequent age classes 
can lead to lower accuracy when compared with the more abundant age 
classes.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific strategies used to monitor the model performance during training. However, based on common practices in machine learning, we can infer that there are several ways to monitor the performance of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) during training. These methods include tracking metrics like loss, accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC AUC, etc., depending on the type of task (classification, regression, etc.). Additionally, techniques like cross-validation, early stopping, and learning rate scheduling could also be employed for monitoring and improving the model performance during training.