Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

173

10.1.3 Contribution

capacity: they have accumulated around three hundred thousand ﬁnely geolocated
plant species observations just in France during last decade. Citizen programs
in biodiversity sciences are currently developing worldwide. We expect them to
reach similar volumes of observations to the sum of national museums, herbaria
and conservatories in the next few years, while still maintaining a large ﬂow of
observations for the future. With good methods for dealing with sampling bias, those
ﬁne precision and large spatial scale data will make a perfect context for reaching
the full potential of deep learning SDM methods. Thus, NN methods could be a
signiﬁcant tool to explore biodiversity data and extract new ecological knowledge
in the future.

In the NN models learning, there is still work to be done on quick automated
procedure for tuning optimization hyper-parameters, especially the initial learning
rate, and we are looking for a more suited stopping rule. On the other hand, in the
case of models of species distributions, we can imagine to minimize the number of
not null connections in the network, to make it more interpretable, and introduce an
L1-type penalty on the network parameters. This is a potential important perspective
of future works.

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

197

10.3.2 Species Selection

For the genericity of our results and to make sure they are not biased by the choice
of a particular category of species, we have chosen to work with a high number of
randomly chosen species. From the 7626 initial species, we selected species with
more than 300 observations. We selected amongst those a random subset of 1000
species to constitute an ensemble E1000. Then, we randomly selected 200 species
amongst E1000 to constitute E200, and ﬁnally randomly selected 50 in E200 which

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

183

gave E50. E50 being the main dataset used to compare our model to the baselines, we
provide in Fig. 10.1 the list of species composing it. The full dataset with species
of E1000 contains 6,134,016 observations in total (see Table 10.1 for the detailed
informations per species).

10.3.3 Environnemental Data

=

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, I cannot provide the exact code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. It seems that the information regarding the code repository was not mentioned or included in the provided text snippets. Therefore, I am unable to give a specific answer to this query.