Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

from  May  to  September  (Junk  et  al.,  2006).  The  four  selected  sites, 
dominated by a mosaic of forested and savanna areas, were separated by 
846, 1379 and 1708 m (Fig. 1). The average annual rainfall ranges be-
tween  1000  and  1500  mm,  and  the  mean  annual  temperature  is 
approximately 24

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

undulated Tinamou (Crypturellus undulatus) over an annual cycle in the Brazilian 
Pantanal: new ecological information. Biotropica 52, 165–171. 

R Development Core Team, 2019. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical 

Computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. http://www. 
R-project.org.  

Rempel, R.S., Francis, C.M., Robinson, J.N., Campbell, M., 2013. Comparison of audio 
recording system performance for detecting and monitoring songbirds. J. Field 
Ornithol. 84 (1), 86–97. 

Salem, S.I., Fujisao, K., Maki, M., Okumura, T., Oki, K., 2021. Detecting and tracking the 

positions of wild ungulates using sound recordings. Sensors 21, 866. 

Santos, M.C.A., 2011. Efeito de bovinos sobre a vegetaç˜ao lenhosa eo sub-bosque de 

savanas florestadas no Pantanal sul-Mato-Grossense. Master’s Thesis. Universidade 
Federal de Mato Grosso do Sul, Campo Grande, MS, Brazil. PhD Dissertation.

Our  study  provides  strong  evidence  on  the  effectiveness  of  using 
automated  signal  recognition  software  for  detecting  ungulates  (see 
Avots et al., 2022). The method we followed required manual validation 
of the ROIs detected by Kaleidoscope Pro, which is time consuming and 
could  be  a  clear  limitation  for  further  research.  However,  we  only 
reviewed ROIs within clusters with a high probability of containing cow 
vocalization, which reduced the number of ROIs to be reviewed by up to 
98.9%. Furthermore, Kaleidoscope Pro was able to automatically detect 
74.5% of cow calls within the validation dataset, which was a recall rate 
that was nearly four times higher than previously published for cattle 
detection research when using the same software (19.1%, Karmiris et al., 
2021) and was also higher than the results of an algorithm developed to 
detect  goat  /  sheep  calls  (21.2%,  Karmiris  et  al.,  2021)  and  three

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It discusses various aspects such as the use of automated signal recognition software for detecting ungulates, the effectiveness of this method, and its limitations. It mentions studies related to different deer vocalizations and their recall rates, but it does not explicitly state where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline used in these studies can be found. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the given context.