Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Data pre-processing 

2.2. Convolutional neural networks 

The  idea  behind  convolutional  neural  networks  (CNNs)  was  first 

As mentioned in the previous sections, the data is first split up into 
several  larger  blocks,  depending  on  coordinates,  with  the  purpose  to 
cross validate the model. These blocks are then split into many smaller 
areas of 80 × 80 pixels, due to limitations in the available amount of 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015572N. Ståhl and L. Weimann

Fig. 4. An excerpt of the map is shown in (a). The areas that are annotated as wetlands, produced by a human, is coloured with blue and shown in (c). The cor-
responding annotation that is produced by a CNN, which has not seen this part of the map during training, is shown in (d). The similarities and differences between 
these two annotations are shown in (b). Here the areas for which the human and the CNN annotations are the same are displayed in green. The areas where the CNN 
annotate the land as wetland but the human did not (false positives) is displayed in pink. Finally, the areas that the humans annotated as wetland but, the CNN did 
not recognise as such (false negatives) are displayed in orange. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web 
version of this article.)

The  presented  CNN  performs  well  and  achieves  a  F1-score  of  0.886  when  evaluated  using  a  10-fold  cross 
validation over the data. The trained models are additionally used to generate a GIS layer of the presumable 
historical geographical distribution of wetlands for the area that is depicted in the southern collection in Gen-
eralstabskartan, which covers the southern half of Sweden. This GIS layer is released as an open resource and can 
be freely used.

overfitting. These samples are selected randomly from all areas that are 
used in the training set, and are never used to fit the model. The model is 
trained for 150 epochs and with a batch size of 128. Dropout (Srivastava 
et al., 2014) with a rate of 0.3 is used during the training to make it more 
stable. Furthermore, ADAM optimisation (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a 
learning  rate  of  0.0001  is  used  to  find  optimal  weights  in  the  neural 
network in order to minimise the cross entropy loss between the net-
work’s predictions and the pre-labelled data.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that the generated GIS layer of the historical geographical distribution of wetlands is released as an open resource and can be freely used. However, it does not specify where this resource is made available. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to your query.