Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026075F. Guo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Fig. 4. Flow chart of the overall workflow. 
Note: SSA: Space-spectrum-array. 

Table 3 
Feature variables of the satellite data.  

Feature types 

Feature variable 

Number of feature variable 

Spectral features 

Vegetation Indices 

Blue, Green, Red, 
NIR, SWIR1, SWIR2 
NDVI, EVI, MSAVI, NDTI, 
MNDWI, NDBI, BSI, DBSI  

6*3 

8*3

The SSA-TPRF model was deployed on the GEE platform, indicating 
that  it  has  good  migration  performance  and  can  be  utilised for  LULC 
mapping,  wetland mapping,  crop mapping,  grassland mapping,  forest 
monitoring,  and  aboveground  biomass  estimation.  The  advent  of  the 
GEE has significantly advanced large-scale scientific research. The GEE, 
a nonprofit cloud-computing platform for geospatial analysis, offers an 
extensive  repository  of  Earth  observation  data,  various  classification 
algorithms, and robust cloud-computing capabilities, thereby providing 
an effective solution for processing RS data (Gorelick et al., 2017). The 
GEE's  user-friendly  programming  interface  empowers  users  to  define, 
create,  and  execute  custom  algorithms  tailored  to  their  analytical  re-
quirements  (Pizarro  et  al.,  2022).  This  feature  enables  researchers  to 
conduct  a  wide  range  of  large-scale  scientific  studies,  such  as  LULC

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arid zone 
LULC 
Tile 
Multiple probabilistic classification 
Space–spectrum array 
Random forest 
Google earth engine

The  utilisation  of  remote  sensing  (RS)  technology,  along  with  the 
abundance of freely available satellite images (such as MODIS, Landsat, 
and  Sentinel),  has  shown  promising  outcomes  in  LULC  classification 
mapping  at  various  scales, ranging  from  global  to  local (Campos  and 
Brito,  2018).  Currently,  there  are  multiple  datasets  available  offering 
different spatial resolutions for China and the globe, including CNLUCC 
(Xu et al., 2018), CLCD (Yang and Huang, 2021), Globeland30 (Chen 
et  al.,  2015),  FROM_GLC30  (Gong  et  al.,  2012), ESA-CCI_LC  (Radoux 
et al., 2014), MCD12Q1 (Chirachawala et al., 2020) and ESRI_ Land_-
Cover_2020 (Wa´sniewski et al., 2022). However, variations in the initial 
definitions of the classification criteria and algorithms have led to un-
certainty regarding the consistency and accuracy of these datasets at the 
regional scale (Hou et al., 2023; Zheng et al., 2021). This uncertainty can

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The text mentions that the Google Earth Engine (GEE) provides an extensive repository of Earth observation data but does not specify if this includes the specific dataset used in the study or if it is publicly accessible. Therefore, without additional information, it cannot be determined where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.