Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

both training and testing. A critical point to highlight is that models are 
retrained  for  each  fold,  preventing  previous  fold’s  information  from 
being transferred. We utilized the pretrained ResNet-34 (Which consists 
of  a  34-layer  convolutional  neural  network)  architecture  which  is  a 
variant of the ResNet (Residual Network) family, widely used for deep 
learning tasks, particularly in computer vision (He et al., 2016). ResNet- 
34 was used inside the fast.ai framework (Howard and Gugger, 2020) to 
leverage  existing  knowledge,  this  is  particularly  useful  in  our  dataset 
since its small size. Transfer learning generally consists in using a model 
pre-trained  on  broad  datasets,  like  ImageNet  (Deng  et  al.,  2009),  to 
specialized tasks with more limited data. As part of the cross-validation 
of the Leave-One-Group-Out approach, the test directory containing the 
multitemporal transect was temporarily moved to test, and DataLoaders

Bank, D., Koenigstein, N., Giryes, R., 2023. Autoencoders. In: Machine Learning for Data 
Science Handbook: Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery Handbook, pp. 353–374. 
Belgiu, M., Dr˘agut¸, L., 2016. Random forest in remote sensing: a review of applications 

and future directions. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 114, 24–31. 
Carrascal, L.M., Galv´an, I., Gordo, O., 2009. Partial least squares regression as an 

alternative to current regression methods used in ecology. Oikos 118 (5), 681–690. 
Castilho, C.V., Magnusson, W.E., de Araújo, R.N.O., Luizao, R.C., Luizao, F.J., Lima, A.P., 

Higuchi, N., 2006. Variation in aboveground tree live biomass in a central 
Amazonian Forest: effects of soil and topography. For. Ecol. Manag. 234 (1–3), 
85–96. 

Chauvel, A., Lucas, Y., Boulet, R., 1987. On the genesis of the soil mantle of the region of 

Manaus, Central Amazonia, Brazil. Experientia 43, 234–241.

2.5.1. Classification problem (Q1): Deep learning applied to 2D LiDAR 
images for Forest classification 

We  employed  the  fast.ai  platform  (Howard  and  Gugger,  2020)  to 
train and validate models for the classification of 2D point cloud images, 
utilizing  a  LOGO  (Leave-One-Group-Out)  cross-validation.  In  this 
approach, our target classes were "Plateau", "White-sand", and "Ripar-
ian",  designated  as  "p",  "w",  and  "r"  respectively.  In  each  iteration,  a 
complete 450 m multitemporal transect was omitted from the training 
process  (the  grouping  factor  giving  the  lack  of  independence  in  the 
multi-temporal data) and subsequently tested. This approach ensured an 
assessment  of  the  model’s  performance,  accounting  for  our  data  con-
straints and guaranteeing that every multitemporal transect undergoes

To expand our dataset, we tripled the image pool for each transect by 
incorporating multi-temporal data. By drawing data from a three-month 
span (March, September and October 2015) across three environments, 
we could more effectively train and test deep learning models, which 
inherently  demand  many  images  to  learn  effectively,  however,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The deep learning model is built using the fast.ai framework. Fast.ai is a deep learning library which provides high-level components that can quickly and easily provide state-of-the-art results in standard deep learning domains, and provides researchers with low-level components that can be mixed and matched to build new approaches. It is designed around the principle of making deep learning easier to use and understand.

The fast.ai framework leverages existing knowledge, which is particularly useful when dealing with smaller datasets such as the one mentioned in the given context. Furthermore, it utilizes transfer learning, where a model pre-trained on broad datasets like ImageNet is used for specialized tasks with more limited data.

In summary, the deep learning model is built using the fast.ai framework, which is known for providing high-level components for quick and easy state-of-the-art results in standard deep learning domains.