Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020452D. Rocchini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

color  gradient.  This  might  seriously  impact  scholars  and  students  of 
scientific learning having no proper access to graphing parts of articles 
and/or books (Albany-Ward and Sobande, 2015).

Obviously,  open  source  code  is  always  in  motion.  As  an  example, 
concerning point (i), an image might also be gathered via screenshot and 
sent  to  R,  e.g.  based  on  standalone  software  like  flameshot  (htt 
ps://flameshot.org/).  Moreover,  additional  and  more  sophisticated 
methods to let a function distinguish between minima and maxima in a 
rainbow colour palette like Random Forest or neural networks can be 
implemented in the cblindplot package. 

Inspiring  R  packages  have  been  devoted  to  improve  mapping  of 
various scientifically sound response variables like biodiversity (F´eret 
and de Boissieu, 2020) or species distributions (Schuetz et al., 2020a; 
Schuetz et al., 2020b). Connecting the cblindplot package with such 
libraries  would  be  an  enormous  advantage  for  colour  blind  people. 
Hence, the authors of the present paper have contacted the developers of 
such packages to implement such function in their packages. 

3.2. Conclusions

the workflow include a separate import of the image and the application of a set of colour ramp palettes and (ii) 
albeit being well  documented, there  are many steps to be done  before plotting an image with  a colour blind 
friendly ramp palette. The function described in this paper, on the contrary, allows to (i) automatically call the 
image inside the function without any initial import step and (ii) explicitly refer to the colour blind deficiency 
type being experienced, to further automatically apply the proper colour ramp palette.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020454D. Rocchini et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the provided context.