Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2017),  3)  Maximum  Entropy  (MAXENT)  (Phillips  et  al.,  2017),  4) 
Random  Forest  (RF)  (Breiman,  2001),  5)  Artificial  Neural  Network 
(ANN)  (Lek  and  Gu´egan,  1999),  6)  Multivariate  Adaptive  Regression 
Spline (MARS) (Leathwick et al., 2005), 7) Generalized Boosted Model 
(GBM) (De’ath, 2007; De’ath and Fabricius, 2000), 8) Classification Tree 
Analyses  (CTA)  (Vayssi`eres  et  al.,  2000),  9)  Flexible  Discriminant 
Analysis (FDA) (Hastie et al., 1994), and 10) Surface Response Envelope 
(SRE) (Busby, 1991).

Türkiye’s forests, with export revenues nearing 16 billion US dollars in 
˙
2023 (T
IM, 2023), necessitates effective forest management but inad-
vertently  intensifies  habitat  fragmentation  and  public  access  via  road 
construction.

Türkiye:  Euro  Siberian,  Irano-Anatolian,  and  Mediterranean  (Davis, 
1971; Noroozi et al., 2019).

2.2. Environmental layers

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models mentioned such as MAXENT or ANN. However, popular frameworks for building deep learning models include TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, and Caffe among others. Without additional context, it is impossible to determine which framework was used for these particular models.

The context provided discusses various machine learning techniques used for modeling species distribution including MAXENT, RF, ANN, MARS, GBM, CTA, FDA, and SRE. It also mentions Türkiye's forests and their environmental layers. However, there is no mention of any specific deep learning framework used to build these models. Therefore, based solely on this context, we cannot definitively state which frameworks were used to build the deep learning models.