Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As Fig. 3 shows, the data are first divided into five equal folds in the 
proposed  FAA-based approach.  After that,  policies will  augment each 
fold without repetition. Then, the CNN model starts to process the folds. 
In  the  next  step,  the  optimal  augment  policies  are  evaluated  and 
recognized. The output of each CNN is controlled by a Bayesian opti-
mizer. Weak policies are then removed by the controller and strong ones 
are selected. The process continues to find the optimal policies for data 
augmentation. 

2.3. The proposed approach (SCAM-Herb model) 

CNN-based methods have better performance in identifying plants, 
but still, based on data analysis and some previous research (Wang et al., 
2020, Azadnia et al., 2023), texture characteristics are very important. 
Therefore, more attention should be paid to the modules that consider 

Fig. 2. Images of three different classes of plants.

and  the  remaining  20%  was  used  to  test  the  model  and  improve  the 
generalization performance of the models.

attention mechanisms enhance efficiency of deep learning (DL) networks by allowing them to precisely focus on 
all relevant input elements. In order to enhance the performance of the proposed model, the CA was implemented 
based on four pooling operations including global average pooling-based CA (GAP-CA), mixed pooling-based CA 
(Mixed-CA), gated pooling-based CA (Gated-CA), and tree pooling-based CA (Tree-CA) operations. The results 
showed that the DL model based on Tree-CA had promising performance and outperformed other state-of-the-art 
models, achieving the values of 99.63%, 99.38%, 99.52%, 99.74%, and 99.42%, for accuracy, precision, recall, 
specificity, and F1-score, respectively. The findings support our proposed attention model's success in identifying 
medicinal  plants  from  similar  poisonous  plants.  Recent  advancements  in  computer-based  technologies  and

Deep learning (DL) has become an advanced method in the field of 
computer science, but despite their high learning capacity, models based 
on DL often face a challenge called overfitting. To overcome the over-
fitting problem, deep neural networks must be supported by a significant 
amount of labeled data. Data augmentation (DA) technique is used as a 
basic  method  to  quantitatively  increase  and  diversify  training  data 
(Momeny et al., 2021; Momeny et al., 2023). DA is a technique in which 
the training set is artificially increased by creating modified copies of a 
dataset using the existing data. Using a designed set of DAs instead of 
simple  random  transformations  during  data  training  can  significantly 
improve  the  generalization  ability  of  the  network  (Hsia  et  al.,  2022; 
Jahanbakhshi et al., 2021a; Momeny et al., 2022). As the name suggests, 
automatic DA methods work automatically, and help us avoid the per-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, the data was split into two parts - 80% for training and validation, and the remaining 20% for testing the model. This allowed for the improvement of the generalization performance of the models. Secondly, the use of diverse datasets was implied through the implementation of data augmentation techniques. These techniques helped to artificially increase and diversify the training data, thereby improving the generalization ability of the network. Specifically, a designed set of data augmentations was used instead of simple random transformations during data training. Lastly, the proposed approach mentioned the use of a Bayesian optimizer to control the output of each Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). This could potentially contribute to the generalizability of the model by optimizing its parameters. However, it is not explicitly stated how this contributes to the generalizability of the model.