Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

where t and h represent temperature and humidity resp. 
b.Modification  of  the  update  criterion  and  application  of  ma-
chine learning: We will seek to improve our model by modifying the 
update  criterion,  maintaining  stochasticity  but  making  it  differen-
tiable. This will allow us to take advantage of machine-learning tools 
and turn our model into an intelligent cellular automaton. 
c.Optimising  the  scope:  We  will  make  changes  in  the  partitions 
used to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration. This 
will become another adjustable parameter to improve the accuracy 
and efficiency of the model. 
d.Strategies of variance-reduction: As previously mentioned, the 
estimator  given  by  Eq.  6  may  not  have  the  minimum  variance. 
Therefore, it opens the possibility to investigate and develop new and 
more sophisticated estimators by using variance reduction strategies 
such as the importance sampling, stratified sampling, Quasi-Monte

ij = 0 ⇒ mk+1

ij

:=

ij = mk
ij +
⎧
(
⎪⎨

Be

rk
ij

⎪⎩

1

Fig. 1. Model flow overview per generation when u1⩽ρ⩽u2.  

1
ΔID
)

if

if

0 ⩽ rk

ij < 1

rk
ij⩾ 1

Table 1 
Description of the role of the main parameters.   

(3) 

ΔID 
P 

C 
p0 

delay between infected and dead state 
partition which determines the influence of the wind intensity 
loss factor for far cells 
infection probability for surrounding cells, when the wind has no effect  

Role 

Thus, using Eq. (3), we can conclude that an infected cell remains as 
infected  during  ΔID  generations.  In  addition,  dead  elements  are  not 
recovered. Furthermore, as can be seen in Property 3.1 of Boters Pitarch 
et al. (2023), we can theoretically compute the number E of infections 
expected  by  the  model,  given  its  parameters.  This  measure  can be  of 
great help in our study to understand their impact and for a future search 
according to a real case. 

2.2. Limitations of the model

makes our model a powerful tool for predicting real-world phenomena 
such as wildfire spreads or pest plants propagation, since we take into 
account the most important variables in the representation.

4.2198  

model that we address in Section 6. 

After discussing the interdependency and range parameters can take, 
our aim now is to justify why E is a reliable measure to anticipate the rate 
of expansion and therefore to establish a hierarchy and a direct search 
for the optimal parameters. When we want to conclude the impact of 
parameters  on  the  expected  rate  of  expansion,  the  study  cannot  be 
limited to specific data from a particular phenomenon, since there is a 
great variety of climatic conditions and potential wind-driven events. 
This could introduce a bias into our study so, the best way for conducting 
the aforementioned study is to simulate climatic data by means of 

θ ∼ Unif (0, 2 π) and ρ ∼ Unif (0, 1).

First of all, we set an arbitrary partition 

P := {0, 0.1, 0.5, 0.9, 1}

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not contain any reference to a data repository link for a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I am unable to provide the requested information based on the available context.