Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

training process, thus reducing the intra-class distance. A value was also 
added to the cosine of the angle between the features and the non-target

To verify the performance of the model in this work, the introduced 
model was compared with five other models. While keeping the above- 
mentioned  experimental  method  and  experimental  environment  un-
changed, each model was trained and the training results are illustrated 
in Fig. 11. The model in this work was distinguished by a low loss rate 
and high accuracy. According to Fig. 11, the proposed model is stable 
since  it  has  reasonably  smooth  curves  and  small  fluctuations  during 
training and testing.

Under the condition of unchanged training methods and parameters, 
the results of each model listed in Table 3 were obtained. As compared to 
the  accuracy of  the  model in  this  work, the  VGG  model's recognition 
accuracy  was  too  low.  Although  the  traditional  DenseNet  has  fewer 
parameters  and  a  greater  identification  accuracy  than  ResNet,  its 
recognition rate is lower than that of the model in this work. Due to its 
sliding window design, the Swin Transformer is somewhat more accu-
rate than the other models. Nevertheless, the number of parameters and 
model size are excessive, consuming too many memory resources. On 
top  of  that,  the  proposed  model  exhibited  the  greatest  identification 
accuracy  but  needs  some  improvement,  in  terms  of  the  number  of 
parameters.

Fig. 4. Module 2 model diagram.  

differentiate  samples  with  the  help  of  the  addition  of  s.  More  specif-
ically,  the  network  will  tend  more  to  differentiate  between  simple 
samples and less to complex samples when the s value is smaller. For 
data with a complex distribution like the face of a sika deer, it is typically 
desired  that  the  data  should  be  not  just  separable  across  classes  in 
feature space, but also more importantly-compact within classes for data 
with a complicated distribution. Only by keeping the class compact, a 
more robust decision result for samples with large intra-class variation 
can be derived.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: To monitor the model performance during training, the introduced model was compared with five other models while keeping the experimental method and environment unchanged. Each model was trained, and the training results were illustrated in Figure 11. The model in this work was distinguished by a low loss rate and high accuracy, indicating stability due to its reasonably smooth curves and small fluctuations during training and testing. Additionally, under the condition of unchanged training methods and parameters, the results of each model were obtained and listed in Table 3. This comparison allowed for the evaluation of the proposed model's performance against other established models such as VGG, DenseNet, and Swin Transformer.