Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

our study, is due to the deep learning method’s loss function, which is 
biased toward overrepresented classes. This represents a performance 
barrier for any study using semantic segmentation with few images and 
high class-imbalance.

our current task. This base network has been trained on a subset of the 
COCO train2017 dataset (Lin et al., 2015), consisting of a few thousand 
images,  using  the  20  categories  present  in  the  Pascal  VOC  dataset 
(Everingham et al., 2010). The transfer learning methodology used in 
our work is shown in Fig. 4. Our deep convolutional neural network uses 
the convolution layers of the Deeplabv3-Resnet101 network as a learned 
feature extractor. We then attached a classification head of 2048 neu-
rons  with  sigmoid  activation.  Therefore,  each  pixel  was  assigned  10 
scores in the range of 0 to 1, for the 10 classes, and the class with the 
highest score was declared as the predicted class for that pixel. We used 
the cross-entropy loss as the objective function for training our network, 
and  the  Adam  (Kingma  and  Ba,  2014)  optimizer  for  updating  the 
trainable parameters.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) as part of its pipeline. Specifically, it employs the convolution layers of the Deeplabv3-Resnet101 network as a learned feature extractor. A classification head of 2048 neurons with sigmoid activation is attached to this network. Each pixel is assigned ten scores between 0 and 1 for the ten classes, and the class with the highest score is designated as the predicted class for that pixel. The cross-entropy loss serves as the objective function for training the network, while the Adam optimizer updates the trainable parameters.