Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

The Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks compiled 
and published the wildlife harvest summaries of Wildlife Management 
Area (WMAs) from the 1980s to the 2000s in three reports (Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990; Mississippi Depart-
ment of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998; Mississippi Department of 
Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006). The number of harvested rabbits 
per hunter day (a day hunting trip), a capture per unit effort (CPUE) 
index, was calculated as the total number of reported harvests divided 
by  the  total  number of  hunter days  in  a  WMA for each  year.  Eastern 
cottontail  rabbits  (Sylvilagus  floridanus)  and  swamp  rabbits  (Sylvilagus

trend test. See documentation for use of block bootstrap when there is 
autocorrelation. R Package Version 2.2.1. https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=Ke 
ndall. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990. Wildlife management 

areas harvest summary report 1983-1989. In: Game Division, Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks., Jackson, MS, USA. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998. Wildlife Management 

Areas Harvest Summary Report 1990–1997. Game Division, Mississippi Department 
of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, Jackson, MS, USA. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006. Wildlife Management 

Areas Harvest Summary Report 1998–2005. Game Division, Mississippi Department 
of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, Jackson, MS, USA. 

Moran, P., 1953. The statistical analysis of the Canadian Lynx cycle I: synchronization 

and meterology. Aust. J. Zool. 1, 291–298.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the raw data used in this study were collected through wildlife harvest summaries compiled by the Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks. These summaries included information about the number of harvested rabbits per hunter day, which served as a capture per unit effort (CPUE) index. This method of data collection suggests that the researchers relied on existing records or reports rather than conducting their own surveys or using sensors. However, without additional context, it cannot be definitively stated whether other sources of data, such as public datasets, were also utilized in the deep learning pipeline.