Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

5.3. Invasion outbreak of S. alterniﬂora

This is the ﬁrst time that the invasion outbreak of the S. alterniﬂora
was discovered at the regional scale, which beneﬁtted from the fol-
lowing three factors: (1) The proposed Ppf-CM eases the problems
caused by the scarcity of entire scene cloud-free Landsat scenes; (2) The
deep learning classiﬁer optimizes the use of the phenological
in-
formation yielded from Ppf-CM; (3) GEE provides an ideal platform for
handling massive amount of data required by the pixel-based method
(i.e. Ppf-CM) with its powerful data storage and high computational
capacity.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Remote Sensing of Environment

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/rse

Development of spectral-phenological features for deep learning to
understand Spartina alterniﬂora invasion
Jinyan Tiana,g, Le Wangb,⁎
Chen Shia, Massimo Menentid,e, Yong Gef, Sheng Nieh, Yang Oue, Xiaonan Songa, Xiaomeng Liua

, Dameng Yinb, Xiaojuan Lia,g, Chunyuan Diaoc, Huili Gonga,g,

T

1.3. Classiﬁer

Although the pixel-based phenological feature may augment the
spectral separability between invasive and native species, another
contributing factor aﬀecting S. alterniﬂora mapping is the development
of an eﬀective classiﬁer. Currently, most mainstream classiﬁers in re-
mote sensing applications are based on machine learning (Mather and
Paul, 2009). Artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) was initially proposed in 1956
for the purpose of constructing a machine to mimic human thinking.
Machine learning emerged in the 1980s to implement AI algorithms.
Deep learning, as a new branch of machine learning, has achieved
successful applications in various ﬁelds since 2012, e.g. computer vi-
sion, speech recognition, and remote sensing classiﬁcation (LeCun

2

J. Tian, et al.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide explicit information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, it mentions that Google Earth Engine (GEE) was used as a platform for handling massive amounts of data required by the pixel-based method (i.e., Ppf-CM) due to its powerful data storage and high computational capacity. This suggests that the trained deep learning model might have been deployed using GEE, but the specific details regarding model serialization or other aspects of the deployment process are not mentioned in the given context.