Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

now feasible to continuously collect training pictures and routinely 

lenges presented here, among others.

re-train a CNN using updated training data.

Having large datasets will allow optimizing performance of CNNs 

The arrival of new individuals to the study population is another 

as  well  as  identifying  the  relative  performance  of  alternative  solu-

challenge  that  needs  to  be  carefully  addressed.  If  these  new  birds 

tions. Other network architectures (e.g. ResNet; He, Zhang, Ren, & 

are  marked  with  a  PIT-tag,  the  CNN  could  be  updated  similarly  to 

Sun,  2016)  and  different  hyper-parameters  settings  (e.g.  learning 

the  problem  of  changes  in  appearance  discussed  above.  However, 

rate)  than  the  ones  used  here  can  yield  different,  and  potentially 

in many cases new individuals will not be marked. Such a problem 

improved,  results.  Other  deep  learning  methods  approaches  could

a deep learning model with an imbalanced training dataset (i.e. when 

35 sociable weavers at the RFIDs antennas. Of these, 30 individuals 

the different classes, here the individuals, have different number of 

with more than 350 pictures were used to train the classifier. In the 

training pictures) can result in the over-generalization for the classes 

great tit population, 77 birds were photographed, of which 10 had 

in majority due to its increased prior probability. For instance, a naïve 

more than 350 pictures. These 10 individuals were used to train a 

classifier  for  a  binary  classification  task  for  a  dataset  in  which  the 

CNN  for  each  of  the  species.  The  remaining  five  sociable  weavers 

ratio  of  the  minority  class  to  the  majority  class  is  1:100  will  have 

and 67 great tits (with <350 pictures) were used to address the issue 
of working in open areas where new individuals can constantly be

ing the individuals. It is generally difficult to anticipate the minimum 

needed  500  pictures  in  the  training  data  and  125  for  validation 

number of images needed from each individual to obtain high per-

(see  Section  2.3  below  for  explanation  on  training  and  validation 

formance for individual recognition. As a compromise between the 

datasets). The zebra finch data required 400 pictures for training 

number of birds that we could include in our study and the number 

and 100 for validation.

of images per bird (i.e. to avoid generating an excessively imbalanced 

For the sociable weavers and the great tits, if the Mask R-CNN 

dataset), we aimed to use 1,000 images per bird—900 images for the 

identified more than one bird perching simultaneous at the RFID an-

training dataset and 100 images for the validation dataset. Training 

tenna, we automatically excluded that image. We detected a total of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
While the given context does not explicitly mention the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning models, it does provide information about the types of networks employed. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are mentioned as being particularly useful for classification tasks involving many features. Additionally, other network architectures like ResNet are also suggested as potential alternatives.

However, without explicit reference to frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch, it cannot be definitively stated which framework was used to construct these neural networks. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, I am unable to determine which frameworks were utilized to build the deep learning models.