Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In the following, we disclose all the details of the main data platform 
components, starting with the presentation of all data sources (Section 
3.2.1)  and  continuing  with  the  integration  and  enrichment  processes 
(Section 3.2.2), the validation and loading processes (Section 3.2.3), and 
concluding with the analytical fruition (Section 3.2.4). 

3.2.1. Data sources

Fig. 5. Overview of the data platform.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027137(a)(b)(c)C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 1 
Summary of data sources.  

Source 

Monitoring network 
Satellite images 
Weather 
Environment 

Provider 

CASE 
ESA 
ARPAE 
CER 

Frequency 

Weekly 
2–3 days 
Daily 
Yearly 

Granularity 

Monitoring task 
100 km2 granule 
25 km2 cell 
Environmental element 

Yearly size 

5.2 MB 
370 GB 
6.5 GB 
4.3 GB  

The validated data is then loaded to the Access tier through an in-
cremental  ETL (extract, transform, and load) procedure acquiring the 
validated data from the Harbor tier. 

3.2.4. Analytical fruition

perspective  (Bandh,  2021).  In  addition,  recent  research  on  the  social 
context of data linkage has focused specifically on the use of data re-
sources  and  technologies  to  challenge  harmful  models  of  intensive 
agriculture,  including  a  reflection  on  how  the  incentive  to  use  land 
intensively,  which  is  the assumption  of most  digital  technologies  and 
data collection systems, needs to be linked to a more critical perspective 
that  takes  into  account  the  ecological  damage  caused  by  agriculture 
(Leonelli and Williamson, 2023a; Leonelli and Williamson, 2023b).

The results of these integration and enrichment activities are mate-
rialized in the Harbor tier of the data platform, which provides an in-
tegrated and comprehensive view of the available data at the finest level 
of detail. The relational schema of the integrated data is discussed in 
Appendix A.2. 

3.2.3. Validation and loading of enriched H. halys captures

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or indication of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.