Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

samples in GSL100 would also help in the extensibility of the developing 
a deep learning model that works on multiple levels.

2.2. Classification using deep learning models 

Plant  leaf  recognition  has  been  carried  out  using  deep  learning 
models for adaptability to handle many species or classes. Some of the 
investigations in these directions are as discussed.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261114B.R. Pushpa et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Begue, A., Kowlessur, V., Singh, U., Mahomoodally, F., Pudaruth, S., 2017. Automatic 
recognition of medicinal plants using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Adv. 
Comput. Sci. Appl. 8 (4), 166–175. 

Pushpa, B.R., Rani, N.S., 2023. Ayur-PlantNet: an unbiased light weight deep 

convolutional neural network for Indian Ayurvedic plant species classification. 
J. Appl. Res. Med. Aromatic Plants 34, 100459. 

Bi, C., Hu, N., Zou, Y., Zhang, S., Xu, S., Yu, H., 2022. Development of deep learning 

Quach, B.M., Dinh, V.C., Pham, N., Huynh, D., Nguyen, B.T., 2023. Leaf recognition 

methodology for maize seed variety recognition based on improved swin 
transformer. Agronomy 12 (8), 1843.

5.8. Practical deployment 

Our  proposed  hierarchical  classification  model  exhibits  relatively 
less  computational  load  than  deep  learning  models,  showcasing  the 
potential of our new medicinal plant species classification framework. 
Further, it reduces the burden of manual efforts in accurately classifying 
a  plant  species  and  its  medicinal  benefits.  To  validate  the  practical 
deployment as a smartphone-based application, we assess the efficiency 
of  the  proposed  baseline  hierarchical  classification  model  using  two 
real-time datasets. Two experts validate the machine predictions of the 
proposed model. Conformity exists for more than 50% of samples be-
tween expert and machine predictions. Thus, only 75.46% of the sam-
ples from RTL80 and RTP40 are accurately predicted with the baseline 
hierarchical classification model. 

5.9. Intra-class variations and inter-class similarities of plant species

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models mentioned. Therefore, I cannot determine which frameworks were used to build the deep learning model.