Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 5. Structure of VAE.  

Stochastic  gradient  descent  (SGD)  on  BP  is  managing  stochastic 
input,  then  not  stochastic  unit  within  the  networks.  The  solution  is 
named as “reparameterization trick”, which is to transfer the sampling 
to input layer. It is easy from N(μ(x), θ(x)) by sampling ∈ ~ N(0, I), af-
terward calculating pmodelz = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) * e. Where μ(x) and θ(x) are 
the mean and covariance of (z| x). So, Eq. (13) is calculated as: 

L(q) = Ee∼N(0,I)pmodel

(cid:0)

x|z = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) × ∈

)

(cid:0) DKL(q(z|x)‖pmodel(z) )

(14) 

In VAE is comprised of input layer, various AEs, and output layer. 
Then, an unsupervised pre-training step, the supervised fine-tuning step 
is implemented for learning the entire network parameters by employ-
ing the BP technique. This technique is comprised of 1 input layer, 5 
hidden layers, and 1 output layer. 

4. Performance validation

Unnikrishnan et al. (2019) employs the red and near infrared (NIR) 
band data for the publicly available SAT-4 & SAT-6 datasets classifica-
tion. It is achieved, as NDVI computation needs 2 bands (red and NIR) 
information's and the class included in the datasets are vegetation kinds. 
In this study, novel Dl frameworks for 3 distinct networks (VGG, Alex-
Net, ConvNet,) have been presented using hyper tuning the network and 
the  input  as  2  band  data.  The  adapted  architecture  using  2  band  in-
formation's  together  with  decreased  amount  of  filters  are  tested  and 
trained  module  handles for  classifying the  images  into  distinct  kinds. 
Kadhim and Abed (2019) produced an efficient method for classifying 
satellite  images  which  are  depending  upon  DL  and  utilize  CNN  for 
extracting  the  features  with  the  help  of  VGG19,  AlexNet,  Resnet50 
pretraining, and GoogLeNet modules.

September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International 
Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, 
pp. 383–391. 

Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

An automated deep learning based satellite imagery analysis for 
ecology management

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the specific link to resources such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Further research would be required to locate this information.