Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023309V. Nolan et al.

2.2.3. Empirical data: automated recording unit deployment, recording and 
analysis 

ARUs were deployed at all 33 point count locations across Di-Lane 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023304V. Nolan et al.

example  OpenSoundscape  (http://opensoundscape.org/en/latest/),  a 
platform that allows users to develop their own custom CNN for a spe-
cies detection and identification from their field-collected acoustic data. 
Making decisions  about the most  appropriate  survey  methods and 
monitoring schemes is a key step in the conservation and management of 
bobwhite  and  other  species.  The  financial  and  labor  costs  of  each 
method  vary  greatly  and  across  different  points  in  the  process.  For 
example, the purchase of multiple ARUs is initially expensive (generally 
around $300–$500 dollars a unit), yet is a more cost effective long term 
monitoring  investment  and  labor  costs  are  low.  In  contrast,  human 
observer  point  counts  are  significantly  cheaper  financially,  yet  labor 
costs reduce the number of survey points and time periods over which 
the data can be collected. SCR methods, especially if additional telem-

Markovian transience or dispersal. Popul. Ecol. 58, 53–62. 

Ruff, Z.J., Lesmeister, D.B., Duchac, L.S., Padmaraju, B.K., Sullivan, C.M., 2020. 

Automated identification of avian vocalizations with deep convolutional neural 
networks. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6, 79–92. 

Rusk, J.P., Hern´andez, F., Arredondo, J.A., Hern´andez, F., Bryant, F.C., Hewitt, D.G., 

Redeker, E.J., Brennan, L.A., Bingham, R.L., 2007. An evaluation of survey methods 
for estimating northern bobwhite abundance in southern Texas. J. Wildl. Manag. 71, 
1336–1343. 

Sebasti´an-Gonz´alez, E., Camp, R.J., Tanimoto, A.M., de Oliveira, P.M., Lima, B.B., 

Marques, T.A., Hart, P.J., 2018. Density estimation of sound-producing terrestrial 
animals using single automatic acoustic recorders and distance sampling. Avian Cons 
13, 7. 

Shonfield, J., Bayne, E., 2017. Autonomous recording units in avian ecological research: 

current use and future applications. Avian Conserv. Ecol 12.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions the use of OpenSoundscape (<http://opensoundscape.org/en/latest/>), a platform that enables users to create custom Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for detecting and identifying species from field-collected acoustic data. This suggests that the authors may have utilized this platform for developing their deep learning models. Nevertheless, without explicit mention of a cloud service provider like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform, we cannot definitively determine which platform was employed for model deployment.