Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

original metrics and variants. Likewise, data scalability is also limited 
because spatial and temporal data scaling parameters are largely over-
looked,  meaning  that  a  single  scale  in  multitemporal  calibration  is 
selected  as  the  best  functional  one,  which  may  not  be  a  reasonable 
assumption in most cases (Levin, 1992; Wiens, 1989). Metrics calcula-
tion has become easier given the recent rise of online EOS catalogues 
including formulae across sensors and metrics description, potentially 
helping a very large user pool targeting information from various sat-
ellites (Montero et al., 2023). At present, such relevant but overlooked 
issues can be addressed within GEE given the high computation capacity 
of this web-based cloud computing platform (Gorelick et al., 2017). The 
increased need to reproduce, scale, and compare EOS metrics also calls 
for frameworks interfacing with different satellites, though addressing

2.2. Metrics calculation 

Remotely  sensed  metrics  may  be  defined  and  routinely  analysed 
along time series for each multispectral imagery (Fig. 1). The aim is to 
provide  users  with  a  collection  of  formulas  that are  useful  in  applied 
ecology  to  infer  biophysical  characteristics  of  the  environment  (see 
Supplementary information S1.1 for a list of candidate metrics, as well 
as Montero et al. (2023) for other implementable metrics). 

Multispectral  bands  are  organised  to  adequately  meet  the  wave-
length  interval  of  selected  metrics  for  each  sensor.  This  protocol  was 
conceived to retrieve standardised metrics, facilitating research initia-
tives comparing performances across sensors with sharp technological 
differences. 

2.3. Data scaling

the 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025024F. Valerio et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

The second step (metrics calculation) concerns time series analysis 
involving  the  calculation  of  metrics  along  ingested  imageries,  inter-
esting  single  (per-band  basis)  and/or  multiple  bands  (band-to-band 
basis;  Gorelick  et  al.,  2017)  (Fig.  1).  Users  can  process  the  compute_-
metrics function (see below), which includes band math equations for 
calculating  the  metrics  present  in  the  GEE_xtract  codes,  as  well  to 
customise metric variants and/or introduce entirely novel metrics.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025023F. Valerio et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

namely  round  or  square,  and  size  by  determining  the  number  of 
neighbouring sub-units included (e.g. 3 × 3; Fig. 1). The aggregating 
formula  ranges  from  mean,  median  or  standard  deviation,  to  more 
advanced, like the textural metrics mentioned in Supplementary infor-
mation S1.1.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, it does not explicitly mention any specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of a deep learning model, such as accuracy, precision, or recall. However, it discusses remotely sensed metrics that may be defined and analyzed along time series for each multispectral imagery. These metrics could include formulas useful in applied ecology to infer biophysical characteristics of the environment. Examples of these metrics are listed in Supplementary Information S1.1 and Montero et al. (2023). Additionally, the context mentions customizing metric variants and introducing entirely novel metrics using the compute\_metrics function. Therefore, while the context does not directly address the evaluation metrics for a deep learning model, it provides insights into the types of metrics that might be considered when working with remote sensing data in the field of ecology.