Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

function to ignore a certain class. These annotations are made manually, 
using special software, and consume large amounts of time. For model 
development  there  are  many  well  established  collections  of  image 
datasets for the training and evaluation of the models, such as ImageNet

Neural  networks  can  be  trained  in  a  supervised,  semi-supervised 
(Chen  et  al.,  2021;  Zhao  et  al.,  2020)  or  unsupervised  (Harb  and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019) way. When it comes to supervised 
learning (Deng et al., 2009; Minaee et al., 2021), the models are typi-
cally  trained with a  huge amount of  training data. This  training  data 
consist of input and target image pairs, where the input image describes 
the image that is supposed to be classified and the target image describes 
the  corresponding  classes  (labels).  For  semantic  image  segmentation, 
the  target  image  consists  of  a  fully  labeled  image,  which  means  that 
every single pixel of the training image is assigned to a certain class. In 
some cases, parts of the image that have no influence on the specific task 
can  be  ignore  by  the  model  (overexposed,  underexposed  or  blurred 
parts, unimportant parts etc.). This can be done by adjusting the loss

had a much smaller image data set of 41 images. Second, we did not use 
any additional hyperspectral image information. And third, we trained 
our  model  not  only  to  detect  bright  lichens  for  instance,  but  to  also 
distinguish many different biocrust taxa in order to perform an accurate 
analysis of the studied areas.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. However, it mentions that the model was trained using the Python library PyTorch, which is commonly used for building and training neural networks. It also states that the model was trained in a supervised manner, indicating that it likely involved the use of labeled training data. Additionally, the text notes that the model was designed to distinguish between various biocrust taxa, suggesting that it may have required careful tuning of its parameters to achieve high accuracy in this complex classification task.