Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

satellite image classification using deep learning approach. In: Machine Learning 
and Data Mining in Aerospace Technology. Springer, Cham, pp. 165–186. 
Li, L., Zhou, Y., Xie, J., 2014. A free search krill herd algorithm for functions 

optimization. Math. Probl. Eng. 2014. 

Li, Y., Chen, R., Zhang, Y., Zhang, M., Chen, L., 2020. Multi-label remote sensing image 
scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural 
network. Remote Sens. 12 (23), 4003. 

Liu, Q., Basu, S., Ganguly, S., Mukhopadhyay, S., DiBiano, R., Karki, M., Nemani, R., 

2020. Deepsat v2: feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image 
classification. Remote Sens. Lett. 11 (2), 156–165. 

Lunga, D., Gerrand, J., Yang, L., Layton, C., Stewart, R., 2020. Apache spark accelerated 
deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics. IEEE J. Select. 
Topics Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 13, 271–283.

September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International 
Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, 
pp. 383–391. 

Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

An automated deep learning based satellite imagery analysis for 
ecology management

Unnikrishnan et al. (2019) employs the red and near infrared (NIR) 
band data for the publicly available SAT-4 & SAT-6 datasets classifica-
tion. It is achieved, as NDVI computation needs 2 bands (red and NIR) 
information's and the class included in the datasets are vegetation kinds. 
In this study, novel Dl frameworks for 3 distinct networks (VGG, Alex-
Net, ConvNet,) have been presented using hyper tuning the network and 
the  input  as  2  band  data.  The  adapted  architecture  using  2  band  in-
formation's  together  with  decreased  amount  of  filters  are  tested  and 
trained  module  handles for  classifying the  images  into  distinct  kinds. 
Kadhim and Abed (2019) produced an efficient method for classifying 
satellite  images  which  are  depending  upon  DL  and  utilize  CNN  for 
extracting  the  features  with  the  help  of  VGG19,  AlexNet,  Resnet50 
pretraining, and GoogLeNet modules.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned in the text. However, it can be inferred that some form of high-performance computing resources would likely be required due to the computational demands of deep learning algorithms. These could include Graphical Processing Units (GPUs), Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), or other specialized hardware designed for machine learning tasks. Additionally, Apache Spark was mentioned as being used for accelerating deep learning inference for large-scale satellite image analytics, suggesting that distributed computing resources may also play a role in these types of applications.