Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

To identify the Brazilian nightjar with the least information available 
we created a combined index based on the following criteria: (i) number 
of scientific articles published about the species, (ii) number of obser-
vations uploaded to a citizen science platform, and (iii) number of re-
cordings  uploaded  to  a  public  online  database  of  sounds.  The  latest 
version of the checklist of birds of Brazil includes 27 nightjars (Pacheco 
et al., 2021), although we restricted the search to those species inhab-
iting the Brazilian Pantanal (15 species, see Table 1), where the study 
was  carried  out  (see  study  area  section).  The  selection  of  species 
inhabiting  the  Brazilian  Pantanal was  based  on whether  there was  at 
least  one  sighting  uploaded  to  eBird  on  this  area  (http://www.ebird. 
org).  eBird  is  a  large-scale  citizen  science  program  focused  on  birds 
that  enables  interested  ornithologists  and  citizen  scientists  to  submit

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018612C. P´erez-Granados and K.-L. Schuchmann                                                                                                                                                                                                

(e.g.,  eBird  for  species  distribution  modeling  and  Xeno-canto  for 
creating an algorithm). The searches on Google Scholar, eBird and Xeno- 
canto were carried out on 3 July 2022. The total number of scientific 
articles  in  Google  Scholar,  observations  uploaded  to  eBird  and  re-
cordings stored in Xeno-canto for each species considered can be found 
in  Table  1.  The  combined  index  was  obtained  by  averaging  the  rank 
position  of  every  species  on  the  three  considered  categories,  which 
identified the Band-tailed Nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga, Nighthawk 
hereinafter) as the nightjar with the least information available among 
those inhabiting the Brazilian Pantanal (Table 1).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain any specific details regarding the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful answer to this query based solely on the given context.