Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  addition,  the  average  and  median  ROIs  values  found  for  the 
different numbers of classes in the clusters (excluding noise), as well as 
the total number of ROIs labeled as noise are specified in Appendix B. As 
an example, PN fine-tuned on 5 way-5 shot tasks resulted in 4192 ROIs 
over 8163 labeled as noise, for 23 out of 30 clusters found. This means 
that only 49% of the 8163 ROIs were included in the 23 clusters. 

5. Discussion 

In this study, UML algorithms have been explored for their capacity 
to tackle a recurring problem in ecoacoustics related to the lack of large 
labeled datasets for unknown or rare bird species. We proposed the MEC 
method  for  enabling  unsupervised  acoustic  feature  extraction  to 
improve  the  quality  of  clustering  of  unknown  or  rare  bird  sounds  in 
unlabeled datasets.

The model was fine-tuned using the Adam optimizer initialized with 
a default learning rate of 0.0001 and a weight decay of 0. The experi-
ments were conducted in Pytorch on 8 x NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti. 
Fine-tuning was performed on the entire model for 100 epochs, with one 
epoch  corresponding  to  500  episodic  tasks.  Estimation  of  the  energy 
consumption related to the training of the models was calculated using 
the Python package CodeCarbon (https://codecarbon.io/) (v2.3.2 with 
Python v3.8.0). This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy 
and  RAM  energy  in  kilowatt-hour  (kWh).  Two  episodic  tasks  were 
constructed from the training set with 5 way-1 shot and 5 way-5 shot 
tasks.  Latent  space  representations  were  finally  extracted  from  the 
backbone of the model to evaluate their capacity to improve the quality 
of clustering. 

2.3. Parameter estimation of the latent space dimensionality

In the current work, we focus on a group of neotropical bird species 
that  are  notoriously  difficult  to  detect  in  ecological  surveys  owing  to 
their  cryptic  lifestyle.  More  precisely,  we  target  crepuscular  and 
nocturnal species that are especially challenging to monitor due the low 
density of their populations. Knowledge of the ecology, distribution and 
abundance of these bird species is thus very limited in most cases, and, 
when it exists, it is often based on one or a few local studies. Hence, the 
main contribution of this study is to provide the MEC method to improve 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026872J. Poutaraud et al.

The high-dimensionality of the latent space representations extrac-
ted from the backbone of the model was reduced using uniform manifold 
approximation  and  projection  (UMAP)  (McInnes  et  al.,  2018).  The 
estimation of the local density of the data was used as a regularizer in the 
optimization  of  the  low  dimensional  representation  using  DensMAP 
(Narayan  et  al.,  2020).  Parameter  estimation  of  the  latent  space 
dimensionality (i.e. n_components) was determined according to the in-
ternal validation of the clustering quality and performance. Clustering 
validation was performed on multiple combinations, with latent space 
dimensionality ranging in {5, 10, 15, 20, 25}. All other UMAP param-
eters were set to default values.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. However, it provides some information about parameter estimation for the latent space dimensionality. In this case, the high-dimensionality of the latent space representations was reduced using Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection (UMAP). The estimation of the local density of the data was used as a regularizer in the optimization of the low-dimensional representation using DensMAP. The parameter estimation of the latent space dimensionality (n\_components) was determined according to the internal validation of the clustering quality and performance. Clustering validation was performed on multiple combinations, with latent space dimensionality ranging in {5, 10, 15, 20, 25}. All other UMAP parameters were set to default values. Therefore, while there is no explicit mention of hyperparameter optimization methods like grid search or random search, the process described can be considered a form of manual tuning or searching within a predefined range of values for the latent space dimensionality.