Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Lewisham,  Southwark,  and  Chepstow  were  used  as  case  studies  to  develop  a  REVIS  system  and  validate  the 
proposed framework. REVIS examined the framework's ability to capture granular pollution data, scale up its 
storage facility to rapid data growth and translate high-level user queries to structured query language (SQL) 
required  for  exploratory  data  analysis.  Finally,  the  framework's  suitability  for  predictive  analytics  was  tested 
using fastai's library for tabular data, and automated hyperparameter tuning was implemented using bayesian 
optimisation. The results of our experiments demonstrate the suitability of the proposed framework in building 
end-to-end systems for extensive monitoring and forecasting of pollutant concentration levels on highways. The 
study serves as a background for future related research looking to improve the overall performance of roadside 
and highway air quality forecasting models.

Fig. 13. An illustration of captured NO2 pollutant readings (blue highlight) and the deep learning model predictions (red highlight). These results were derived from 
an evaluation using the validation dataset. It should be pointed out that the model's predictions are not too far off the actual readings. (For interpretation of the 
references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

Table 4 
Hardware specifications of the two oracle cloud instances used to test scalablity.  

Instance 
Type 

Bare 
Metal 

Name 

Compute – 
Ampere 
A1 – 
OCPU 

Processor 

OCPU 

GPU 
type 

– 

CPU 
cores 

CPU 
memory 

GPU 
memory 

6 

32GB 

– 

VM. 

GPU 

Pascal 

GPU2.1 

1 
NVIDIA 
P100 

12 

72GB 

16GB  

4.4. Evaluating the scalability performance of the REVIS system

and PM10 pollutants and evaluation using deep learning, future research 
can focus on investigating other pollutants such as CO2, SO2 and Ozone 
as well as other machine learning approaches for estimation. This study 
is a part of a series of publications highlighting research findings on the 
REVIS  project.  This  is  just  a  scratch  on  the  surface  of  our  research 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160915T.D. Akinosho et al.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016092T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 2. Deep learning framework for highway air quality monitoring and prediction.  

∙ Integrate missing or inaccurate data from heterogeneous sources to 
enhance forecasting accuracy of the developed model. 

∙  Perform a system scalability test to determine response time and 
throughput as hardware device load increases. 

∙  Develop  and  evaluate  a  baseline  deep  learning  model  to  make 
hourly predictions of PM2.5, PM10, and NO2 concentration levels due 
to the deadly nature of these pollutants.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly state where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it can be inferred that the data used in developing the REVIS system and validating the proposed framework came from Lewisham, Southwark, and Chepstow case studies. Additionally, the study mentions using Oracle Cloud instances to test scalability, which suggests that the data may have been stored there. Unfortunately, without more explicit information about the location of the data repository, I cannot provide a definitive answer.