Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Crowdsourcing biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers using 
Dive Reporter 

Matej Buzinkai a, *, Marko Radeta a,b,c, Claudio Rodrigues a, b, Francisco Silva a, b, 
Ruben Freitas a, b, Sahar Chebaane a, Paola Parretti a, Susanne Sch¨afer a, Rodrigo Silva a, 
Francesca Gizzi a, Silvia Almeida a, Sonia K.M. Gueroun a, Jo˜ao Canning-Clode a, d, Jo˜ao 
Gama Monteiro a, e 
a MARE – Marine and Environmental Sciences Centre / ARNET - Aquatic Research Network, Agˆencia Regional para o Desenvolvimento da Investigaç˜ao Tecnologia e 
Inovaç˜ao (ARDITI), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal 
b Wave Labs, Faculty of Exact Sciences and Engineering, University of Madeira, Portugal 
c Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
d Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, USA 
e Faculty of Life Sciences, Universidade da Madeira, Portugal

Group 

Algae 
Algae 
Algae 
Algae 
Coral 
Coral 
Coral 
Coral 
Mollusc 
Mollusc 
Crustacea 
Ascidea 
Fish 
Fish 
Fish 
Fish 
Reptile 
Mammal  

Weighted normalised abundance = Normalised abundance/Effort  

Effort = Number of divers x Dive time

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biodiversity monitoring 
Marine taxa 
Citizen science 
SCUBA diving 
Mobile app

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information on the use of any specific deep learning models such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers in their pipeline. Therefore, it cannot be determined which type of deep learning model is used based solely on this context.