Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Assessing water quality of an ecologically critical urban canal incorporating 
machine learning approaches

2.4.2. Data splitting 

The  WQ indicator  data  was  divided  into  training  and  testing  data 
sets. In ML, typical data splitting ratios for training and testing datasets 
are 80% and 20%, 67% and 33%, and 50% and 50%, respectively (Sajib 
et al., 2023). In this study, we adopted 80% and 20% ratios for splitting 
the training and testing datasets. A total of 20 and 10 random sample 
locations  were  selected  for  the  purposes  of  training  and  testing, 
respectively. A similar number or fewer sample locations were utilized 
in various previous research studies to train and test the data set (Bui 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025145A.M. Sajib et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Fig. 2. Methodological framework for selecting the best predictive model.

methodology  of  Uddin et  al.  (2022a),  to evaluate the  performance of 
various  ML  algorithms.  Details  of  the  methodology  can  be  found  in 
referred material. This approach is widely used in modelling tasks like 
water  resource  management,  waste  management,  natural  hazard  pre-
diction, and environmental modelling (Gidey, 2018; Pham et al., 2020; 
Vu et al., 2022; Zhao et al., 2021). It offers high precision by utilizing ten 
subsets of the original dataset for both training and testing (Sajib et al.,

dicators; and (iv) aggregation function; (v) classification scheme (Gupta 
and Gupta, 2021; Syeed et al., 2023; Uddin et al., 2021). Details of these 
steps can be found in Uddin et al. (Chidiac et al., 2023; Uddin et al., 
2021).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide information about the specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. The context focuses more on the application of machine learning models for assessing water quality using different methods and steps including data collection, feature selection, model development, validation, and evaluation. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context regarding the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline.