Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Whatever the goal, our framework is highly flexible and can be adapted by tuning the species thresholds 
regulating the trade-off between classification robustness and coverage in an attempt to monitor biodiversity 
through big datasets where species are unidentified. To unclog the bottleneck of information extraction about 
organism forms, behaviors and sounds from massive digital data, machine learning algorithms, and particularly 
the last generation of deep learning algorithms, offer immense promises. Here we propose to help the users to 
control their error rates in ecology. This is a valuable addition to the ecologist’s toolkit towards a routine and 
robust analysis of big data and real-time biodiversity monitoring from remote sensors. With this control of error 
rate in the hands of users, Deep Learning Algorithms can be used for real applications, with acceptable and 

Scientific RepoRtS  |        (2020) 10:10972  | 

https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-67573-7

11

https ://arXiv .org/1712.04621 .

 42.  Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., Courville, A. & Bengio, Y. Deep Learning (MIT Press, Cambridge, 2016).
 43.  Abadi, M. et al. Tensorflow: A system for large-scale machine learning. OSDI 16, 265–283 (2016).
 44.  He, K., Zhang, X., Ren, S., & Sun, J. Deep residual learning for image recognition. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer 

Vision and Pattern Recognition 770–778 (2016).

 45.  Sarle, W. S. Stopped training and other remedies for overfitting. Computing Science and Statistics, 352–360 (1996).
 46.  Hintze, J. L. & Nelson, R. D. Violin plots: A box plot-density trace synergism. Am. Stat. 52(2), 181–184 (1998).
 47.  Catford, J. A., Bode, M. & Tilman, D. Introduced species that overcome life history tradeoffs can cause native extinctions. Nat. 

Commun. 9(1), 2131 (2018).

Processing data from surveys using photos or videos remains a major bottleneck in ecology. Deep 
Learning Algorithms (DLAs) have been increasingly used to automatically identify organisms on 
images. However, despite recent advances, it remains difficult to control the error rate of such 
methods. Here, we proposed a new framework to control the error rate of DLAs. More precisely, 
for each species, a confidence threshold was automatically computed using a training dataset 
independent from the one used to train the DLAs. These species-specific thresholds were then used to 
post-process the outputs of the DLAs, assigning classification scores to each class for a given image 
including a new class called “unsure”. We applied this framework to a study case identifying 20 fish 
species from 13,232 underwater images on coral reefs. The overall rate of species misclassification 
decreased from 22% with the raw DLAs to 2.98% after post-processing using the thresholds defined to

that can feed initiatives like the Group on Earth Observations Biodiversity Observation Network (GEO BON) 
and provide robust estimates of Essential Biodiversity Variables (EBVs)3,4.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide any direct reference to a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline mentioned. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, it cannot be determined what the data repository link might be. It could potentially be hosted on platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF, but without further information, it is impossible to confirm which one specifically.