Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Key words: Chagas disease, TensorFlow, deep learning, Triatominae, automated species identification

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source software platform (Abadi et al. 2016) 
that supports deep learning research and applications, having been 
released  by  researchers  at  Google  (Google  Brain  Team;  https://re-
search.google.com/teams/brain/).  We  adapted  and  configured 
TensorFlow  for  application  and  use  in  our  project  via  Python. We 
adjusted  two  parameters  from  their  default  values:  validation  per-
centage and number of training steps. Although the default setting 
for validation percentage was 10%, given small numbers of images 
available for some species, we had to increase this number to 16%. 
For number of training steps, although the default value was 4000 
steps,  we  explored  different  numbers  and  compared  the  results  to 
find  the  optimum  balance  between  computing  time  and  classifica-
tion efficiency.

l

u
s
e
r
o
n
0
8
S
e
p
e
m
b
e
r
2
0
2
4

t

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
high  capability  of  DNNs  has  resulted  in  widespread  use  of  these 
techniques in other such inference challenges (Schmidhuber 2015). 
DNNs have outperformed traditional methods (e.g., linear discrim-
inant  analyses)  in  various  classification  tasks  (Schmidhuber  2015). 
Here, we used TensorFlow (Abadi et al. 2016), an open-source soft-
ware  platform,  representing  the  most  recent  addition  to  the  deep 
learning  toolbox  (Rampasek  and  Goldenberg  2016;  Google  Brain 
Team;  https://research.google.com/teams/brain/),  to  explore  the 
challenge of automated Chagas disease vector identification.

A  crucial  advantage  of  using  TensorFlow  was  eliminating  the 
need for preprocessing images for our identification system. That is, 
we  compared TensorFlow  classification  performance  based  on  the 
cleaned  and  raw  images  for  the  Mexican  species,  which  were  the 
most challenging to our statistical classifiers (Gurgel-Gonçalves et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of TensorFlow, a popular open-source software library for machine intelligence, for image classification tasks related to Chagas disease vectors. This suggests that the raw data collected might be image data, possibly obtained through digital imaging techniques or publicly available datasets. Nevertheless, without explicit details regarding the collection process, one cannot definitively state the exact methodologies employed for gathering raw data in this particular case.

The provided context focuses more on the utilization of TensorFlow for deep learning tasks rather than discussing the initial stages of data acquisition. Therefore, while it can be inferred that image data is involved, further clarification would be required to accurately describe the methods used for collecting raw data in this deep learning pipeline.