Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3.  Model training 

2.3.1.  Training data preprocessing 

The  CNN  model  used  in  this  study  requires  equally  sized  input 
images. We chose a time-frequency input window size of 2 s as it is near 
the mean and median template duration across target call types (Fig. 2). 
Most  call  types  have  a  duration  below  1  s,  and  for  those  above  2  s,

learning, wherein a model already optimized for a similar dataset is re- 
trained with new data. We used a ResNet50 model, pre-trained on the 
ImageNet dataset, which contains over one million photo images across

To  expand  this  approach  to  the  broader  community,  we  have 
identified three important challenges for future research. First, future 
developments  should  account  for  the  large  variability  in  the  size  of 
target  calls  (i.e.  templates).  Introducing  recurrent  connections  in  the 
CNN, or other architecture modifications could potentially reduce the 
negative  effects  of  window  size.  Second,  previous  studies  have  found 
data  augmentation  to  significantly  improve  performance  (Kahl  et  al., 
2019).  In  these  cases,  training  data  was  mainly  based  on  monodirec-
tional  recordings  of  single  species,  and  data  augmentation  (i.e.  noise 
addition)  apparently  helped  to  emulate  the  conditions  of  soundscape 
recordings.  The  effect  may  be  reduced  for  training  data  collected  di-
rectly from soundscapes, as in this study. Still, data augmentation may

1000 classes (Deng et al., 2009). Although ImageNet does not contain 
spectrograms,  models  pre-trained  with  the  dataset  learn  a  variety  of 
image features that have been successfully tuned to spectrogram clas-
sification  previously  (Lasseck,  2019;  Florentin  et  al.,  2020).  While 
previous  studies  have  found  optimal  performance  using  ensembles  of 
multiple CNN models (Kahl et al., 2017; Lasseck, 2019; Florentin et al., 
2020), in the interest of prediction efficiency and reasonable memory 
requirements, we chose to evaluate a single ResNet50 model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not explicitly mention the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details about model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a specific answer to your query based on the given information.