Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bootstrapping 
Generalised linear model 
Machine learning 
Multi-scale 
Random forest 
Species distribution modelling

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020262L. Chiaverini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

1000 m, 2000 m, 4000 m, 6000 m, 8000 m and 10,000 m (Chiaverini 
et al., 2022; Macdonald et al., 2020).

For the second approach (hereafter bootstrapped RF), we subsampled 
the entire camera trap dataset by randomly selecting 20% of the pres-
ence  and  of  the  absence  locations.  We  then  trained  RF  with  the  sub-
sampled  dataset  and  produced  the  species  distribution  probability 
surface. We reiterated this framework 100 times, replacing each time the 
data used to train the models, and produced 100 different probability 
surfaces.  We  then  obtained  the  final  species  distribution  probability 
surfaces  by averaging the  100 probability surfaces, independently for 
each  felid.  Each  individual  RF  was  produced  by  bagging  the  training 
data, a procedure automatically implemented in the algorithm to reduce 
the variance that might otherwise characterise decision trees. Therefore, 
by bootstrapping also the training data of each RF, we implemented a 
two-stage bagging procedure. 

2.4.2. Random forest – model validation

To produce accurate SDMs, not just the effects of different algorithms 
should be investigated, but also the effects of resampling techniques on 
model's  training  data  (Efron,  1982;  Freedman,  1981).  Specifically, 
bootstrapping (i.e., random subsampling with replacement) the training 
data  has  been  shown  to  increase  models'  precision  by  providing  a 
combination of models, which reduces stochastic errors in estimation (e. 
g., Vaughan and Ormerod (2005); Hefley et al. (2014); Xu and Goodacre 
(2018)).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not provide information about deploying a trained deep learning model or any specific details regarding model serialization or platform selection. Instead, it focuses on using Random Forest (RF) machine learning models for species distribution modeling. The authors describe two approaches for generating species distribution probabilities: one based on multi-scale environmental variables and another using a bootstrapped RF method. They do not discuss deploying these models after training them.