Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

To identify the Brazilian nightjar with the least information available 
we created a combined index based on the following criteria: (i) number 
of scientific articles published about the species, (ii) number of obser-
vations uploaded to a citizen science platform, and (iii) number of re-
cordings  uploaded  to  a  public  online  database  of  sounds.  The  latest 
version of the checklist of birds of Brazil includes 27 nightjars (Pacheco 
et al., 2021), although we restricted the search to those species inhab-
iting the Brazilian Pantanal (15 species, see Table 1), where the study 
was  carried  out  (see  study  area  section).  The  selection  of  species 
inhabiting  the  Brazilian  Pantanal was  based  on whether  there was  at 
least  one  sighting  uploaded  to  eBird  on  this  area  (http://www.ebird. 
org).  eBird  is  a  large-scale  citizen  science  program  focused  on  birds 
that  enables  interested  ornithologists  and  citizen  scientists  to  submit

species (BirdLife International, 2016, see also Table 1). Among the most 
pressing research priorities identified by the IUCN, there is the very little 
information on the reproductive biology, territoriality, and dispersal of 
the species (BirdLife International, 2016). For example, in Brazil we are 
only  aware  of  one  Nighthawk  egg  collected  in  northern  Brazil  in 
September (Snethlage 1935 in Yoon, 2020) with no more information 
available. Moreover, there is no information regarding the incubation, 
parental care, or nestling development of the species (Cleere and Nur-
ney, 1998; Yoon, 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline for identifying bird calls using the BirdNET app. However, it can be assumed that common optimization techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) could have been employed during the training process of the deep learning model. These optimization algorithms help minimize the loss function and improve the accuracy of predictions made by the model. Without further details from the authors, it cannot be confirmed which specific optimization technique was utilized in their work.