Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

Heumann, B.W., Hackett, R.A., Monfils, A.K., 2015. Testing the spectral diversity 

hypothesis using spectroscopy data in a simulated wetland community. Ecol. Inform. 
25, 29–34. 

Hoffr´en, R., Lamelas, M.T., de la Riva, J., Domingo, D., Montealegre, A.L., García- 

Martín, A., Revilla, S., 2023. Assessing gedi-nasa system for forest fuels classification 
using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 116, 103175. 
Huang, H., Gong, P., Cheng, X., Clinton, N., Li, Z., 2009. Improving measurement of 

forest structural parameters by co-registering of high resolution aerial imagery and 
low density lidar data. Sensors 9 (3), 1541–1558. 

Kacic, P., Hirner, A., Da Ponte, E., 2021. Fusing sentinel-1 and-2 to model gedi-derived 
vegetation structure characteristics in gee for the paraguayan chaco. Remote Sens. 
13 (24), 5105. 

Kacic, P., Kuenzer, C., 2022. Forest biodiversity monitoring based on remotely sensed

Fig. 3. The study area Traunstein (Germany). The border of the study area is shown in red. The white dots show the center of all the plots. Background image used: 
Google Image at February 21th 2023. Coordinates in WGS 84/ UTM zone 32 N (EPSG:32632). 

Lang10m  was  derived  fusing  the  GEDI  and  Sentinel-2  images 
through a deep convolutional neural network (Lang et al., 2022). It has 
spatial resolution of 10 m and is valid for the year 2020. The canopy top 
height was defined as the relative height at which 98% of the energy was 
returned  (RH98).  For  the  modelling  GEDI  observations  for  which  the 
image was cloudy or snow-covered were excluded.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) were used. However, since the research involves training a deep convolutional neural network, it is likely that some form of gradient descent optimization technique was employed during the training process. Without further information, we cannot confirm the exact optimization technique used.