Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

landscape photographs using a convolutional neural network. Eco Inform 50, 
220–233. 

Cheshmehzangi, A., 2016. Multi-spatial environmental performance evaluation towards 
integrated urban design: a procedural approach with computational simulations. 
J Clean Prod 139, 1085–1093. 

Guo, Z., Wang, J., Xu, H., Wang, J., Ma, J., Zhang, Z., 2023. Construction of 3D landscape 
indexes based on oblique photogrammetry and its application for islands. Eco Inform 
75, 102112. 

Ho, L.-C., 2023. LaDeco: a tool to analyze visual landscape elements. Eco Inform 78, 

102289. 

Hooyberg, A., Michels, N., Allaert, J., Vandegehuchte, M.B., Everaert, G., De Henauw, S., 
Roose, H., 2022. ‘Blue’ coasts: unravelling the perceived restorativeness of coastal 
environments and the influence of their components. Landscape Urban Plan 228, 
104551. 

Huang, S., Qi, J., Li, W., Dong, J., van den Bosch, C.K., 2021. The contribution to stress

and Puschmann (2019) applied a convolutional neural network for the 
automatic  recognition  of  woody  regrowth  vegetation  in  repeat  land-
scape  photographs. By comparing  the changes between repeat  photo-
graphs, planners and designers can identify general trends of landscape 
change.  Although  these  image-based  methods  are  powerful  tools  to 
assess and track landscape visual quality, design projects’ aesthetic and 
scientific meaning may be transformed or lost during the modification 
and  application  process  in  the  widely  used  visualization  tools,  like 
Rhino, Sketchup, and 3D Max (Urech et al., 2020). Moreover, image- 
based  methods  fail  to  capture  or  represent  some  spatial attributes  (e. 
g.,  volumes),  which  is  also  a  key  component  within  the  landscape 
composition. Extracting and representing spatial attributes from the 3D 
models created in widely used visualization tools for landscape planning

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024363J. Qi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Table 1 
Dimensions, metrics categories and description of 3D spatial metrics.  

Dimension and Sub- 
dimension 

Metric categories 

Metrics 

Description 

Landscape 
volumetric ratio 

Volume 

Naturalness 

Landscape volume 

Green volumetric 
ratio (%) 
Green volume (m3) 
Grey volume (m3) 

Volumetric ratio of non-ground green to the total non-ground components 

Overall volume of the non-ground green/grey components 

Area 

Landscape area 
ratio 

Blue area ratio (%) 

Area ratio of blue to total ground components 

Complexity 

3Ddiversity 

Horizontal diversity 

Green horizontal 
diversity 
Grey horizontal 
diversity

P =

∑n

i=1

′
wi*Xi

(1)  

(2)  

′ 
where Xi
is the normalized value of i-th metric, represents the original 
value  of  the  i-th  metric,  Xi(cid:0) min  and  Xi(cid:0) max  are  the  minimum  and 
maximum value of i-th metric at baseline, respectively, P represents the 
final score, and wi  is the weight value of the i-th metric. 

Finally, the scores of all grids were aggregated to form the matrix, 
which was then utilized to construct a restorative map (Fig. 3). Given 
that the scores were computed with the central points of each grid, it 
becomes  necessary  to  estimate  the  restorative  potentials  for  the 
remaining regions using a statistical gap-filling technique (Jones et al., 
2017).  To  fulfil  this requirement,  the  study  adopted  the  interpolative 
shading approach and employed the shading function within MATLAB 
to estimate and map the restorative potential across the entire terrain 
area. 

2.4. Modifying the landscape design

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the provided context.