Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

our current task. This base network has been trained on a subset of the 
COCO train2017 dataset (Lin et al., 2015), consisting of a few thousand 
images,  using  the  20  categories  present  in  the  Pascal  VOC  dataset 
(Everingham et al., 2010). The transfer learning methodology used in 
our work is shown in Fig. 4. Our deep convolutional neural network uses 
the convolution layers of the Deeplabv3-Resnet101 network as a learned 
feature extractor. We then attached a classification head of 2048 neu-
rons  with  sigmoid  activation.  Therefore,  each  pixel  was  assigned  10 
scores in the range of 0 to 1, for the 10 classes, and the class with the 
highest score was declared as the predicted class for that pixel. We used 
the cross-entropy loss as the objective function for training our network, 
and  the  Adam  (Kingma  and  Ba,  2014)  optimizer  for  updating  the 
trainable parameters.

Drawing training and testing data from the same plot locations has 
the  potential  to  introduce  spatial  autocorrelation.  For  any  spatially 
referenced ecological data, nearby locations can be expected to be more 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016585H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 4. Transfer Learning methodology for training our network.  

acquired at the CK field site, which were not used in either the manual 
comparisons with field data or the deep convolutional neural network 
model  training.  Correlations  between  the  automatically  segmented 
photos and field measured data from the CK field site were undertaken 
with  the  same  methods  described  previously  for  the  manually 
segmented photos collected at the PM and CL field sites. 

3. Results

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Estimating boreal forest ground cover vegetation composition from nadir 
photographs using deep convolutional neural networks 

Hilary A. Cameron a, Pranoy Panda b, Martin Barczyk c, Jennifer L. Beverly a, * 
a Department of Renewable Resources, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB T6G 2H1, Canada 
b Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Hyderabad, Sangareddy, Telangana 502285, India 
c Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB T6G 1H9, Canada  

A B S T R A C T

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. It appears that this study focuses on estimating boreal forest ground cover vegetation composition from nadir photographs using deep convolutional neural networks. However, there is no direct reference to a specific code repository link for their deep learning pipeline. To find the relevant code repository, it would be best to search for additional resources related to this research or contact the authors directly.