Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

An  issue  with  deep  learning  methods  is  that  it  can  be  difficult  to 
obtain enough ground truth data. Sharma et al. (2017) utilized crowd-
sourcing, involving non-expert users for obtaining manual annotation, 
and demonstrated the efficacy of their method on karyotyping images of 
chromosomes.

1.4. Paper contribution

fied. Each node can be an end node or a middle branch node.

Future  perspectives  for  a  more  versatile  removal  of  these  compo-
nents might include adding a user interface for easily marking desired 
components  or  the  development  of  a  more  specific  detector.  Deep 
learning is a paradigm that has been shown to outperform other methods 
in several domains. Indeed, (Xu et al., 2021) developed a Convolutional 
Neural  Network-based  segmentation  model  and  compared  its  perfor-
mance against other methods, including the PCT method developed in 
(Obara et al., 2012), finding a substantial improvement. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10267014O. Sten et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Table 7 
Identification of branches and crossing, without the matching algorithm.   

True 
Positive 

False 
Positive 

False 
Negative 

Precision

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that Sharma et al. (2017) used crowd-sourcing to obtain manual annotations and Xu et al. (2021) developed a Convolutional Neural Network-based segmentation model. However, there are no details given regarding the availability of the code repositories for either of these studies.