Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Identification of optional ecological sources 

The SOFM is an unsupervised learning neural network approach that 
combines dimensionality reduction and clustering analysis to allocate 
research units into different ES bundles based on spatial similarities. The 
ES bundles were divided using SOFM (using the R package kohonen) 
based on the results of the reconstructed ESV, and the ideal number of 
bundles  was  established  by  calculating  the  Davis-Boldin  Index  (DBI), 
which was used as the basis for identifying ecological sources and setting 
scenarios. Furthermore, this study used hotspot analysis (Getis-Ord G*
i ) 
to  analyze the  spatial clustering of  ESV and  considered  hotspot areas 
with a significance level of 90% or more as optional ecological sources.

and supported habitats, and are mainly composed of rivers, reservoirs, 
and ponds. Species migration corridors provide vital habitat support for 
animal migration.

ecological leisure corridors, 6 along species migration corridors, and 2 
along  river  runoff  corridors  in  Scenario  C.  While  other  disturbance 
points were mostly found in the center of the mountain greenbelt, those 
in  the  southern  section  of  the  region  were  concentrated  around  river 
tributaries and watercourses.

research  area.  Specifically,  the  Platalea  minor,  a  protected  waterbird 
species inhabiting the PRD, was used as the reference. The maximum 
migration distance of this species was used to determine the maximum 
corridor  length,  whereas  the  wetland  resistance  value  was  used  to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026907Y. Hou et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Fig. 5. Spatial distribution and landscape composition of ecological corridors. 
Note: I: recreational footpath, II: rainwater corridor, III: ecological leisure, IV: river runoff, and V: species migration. 

Table 3 
Classification of ecological corridors.  

Source-sink landscape 

Ecological corridor types 

Amount 

Average length/km 

Scenario A 

Scenario B 

Scenario C 

Scenario A 

Scenario B 

Scenario C

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The pipeline uses an unsupervised learning neural network approach called Self-Organizing Feature Map (SOFM). This method combines dimensionality reduction and clustering analysis to allocate research units into different ecosystem service bundles based on spatial similarities. In this case, the SOFM was implemented using the R package 'kohonen'. Therefore, it can be concluded that the deep learning model used in the pipeline is not a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), or Transformer, but rather a Self-Organizing Feature Map (SOFM).