Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3. Test 3: Training on 80% of data and adding in 2 new dialect classes

grams, and created the metadata .csv file necessary for training the CNN 
and k-NN. Identical in structure to the metadata file outlined above, this 
file contained the metadata for the training set as opposed to the met-
adata for the entire dataset. 

No additional preprocessing was applied to the spectrograms as the 
goal was to do the least amount of preprocessing possible in order to 
demonstrate  the  power  of  human-machine  teaming.  Further,  when 
assessing the accuracy of the CNN on noise-filtered data versus raw data, 
the accuracy levels were similar: after 10 trials, the CNN’s accuracy on 
the  filtered  data  averaged  to  99.22%  and  the  accuracy  on  the  non- 
filtered data averaged to 99.25%.

2.1. Preprocessing 

2.1.1. Bird song data

input needed to classify birdsong dialects by using the human only when 
necessary.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide explicit information about any specific postprocessing steps taken after the model training. However, it can be inferred from the text that some form of metrics calculation is performed to evaluate the performance of the models. For instance, the accuracy of the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) was calculated after training it on both filtered and unfiltered data. Additionally, the mention of a confusion matrix isn't directly present in the context, but its use could be implied since it is a common method used to assess the performance of classification models like CNN and k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN). Nevertheless, without further details, we cannot confirm if saliency maps or other postprocessing techniques were employed.