Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Results of the FAIR assessment of the datasets selected by the F-UJI 
tool 

The  results  obtained  using  the  F-UJI  tool  were  based  on  the  16 
metrics described previously, which were established in the FAIRsFAIR 
project and distributed among four principles. 

Following the analysis of each group of repositories using this tool, 
we  passed  the  results  through  a  computational  notebook  report, 

ultimately  obtaining  visualisations  of  the  summaries  of  each  FAIR 
principle for all eight repositories. 

The report itself contained two sections:  

1.  “Read jsons responses” creates a data frame that includes all scores 

obtained for each of the 16 metrics,  

2.  “Visualize different FAIR metrics”  creates a histogram plot of the 
results that includes visualisations of each principle and the overall 
FAIR score, as shown below (Figs. 4(cid:0) 11).

Fig. 1 shows an extract from a JSON file that includes the identifier 
number, metric name with results (output), evaluation score, debugging 
messages, and a  summary of  all metrics in  the evaluation. Finally, to 
visualize the scores after compiling all the PIDs, we created a report by 
running a computational notebook (. ipynb document) provided by the 
FAIRsFAIR team (Devaraju and Huber, 2021a). This notebook provides 
an overall analysis and visualisation of all PID responses assessed using 
the F-UJI. 

In summary, a) the report reads JSON’s responses, b) collects all the 
total scores for the FAIR metric within a data frame, and c) visualises the 
metrics  and  summarises  the  evaluations  (in  our  case,  the  datasets 
associated with each repository). The characteristics of the report are 
discussed in the Section 3. 

For further analysis, two aspects of the findings of this study were 

considered.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1021269L. Petrosyan et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 10. Percentage of the overall score obtained by ZALF’s datasets.

To evaluate the datasets using F-UJI, the datasets were divided into 
the  top  eight  repositories  based  on  the  number  of  datasets  deposited 
(Fig.  2).  The number  of  datasets deposited in  these  eight  repositories 
accounted  for  94.9%  of  the  total  number  of  datasets,  which  was 
considered sufficiently representative. Of these eight repositories, four 
were general repositories, i.e., Figshare (https://figshare.com/), Zenodo 
(https://zenodo.org/), Dryad (https://datadryad.org/stash), and CSIRO 
(https://data.csiro.au/),  and  four  were  thematic  repositories,  i.e.,  Ag 
Data Commons (https://data.nal.usda.gov/), KNB Data Repository (htt 
ps://knb.ecoinformatics.org/),  ZALF  Open  Research  Data  (https:// 
open-research-data.zalf.de/default.aspx),  and  Agricultural  and  Envi-
ronmental  Data Archive (AEDA) (http://www.environmentdata.org/). 
The content distributions of the top eight repositories by content type 
are presented in Table 3.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the hyperparameters used in any deep learning models in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to your query.