Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102658Availableonline5June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

amount  of  data,  distribution  data  for  machine  learning  models  and 
physiological data for process-based models. For both types of models, 
the  data  is  difficult  and  costly  to  collect.  This  poses  a  bottleneck  for 
building SDMs for practical use.

, β1

Fig.  1. The  training  area  and  target  prediction  area  visualized  by  grid  cell 
centroids.  Because  a  high-resolution  grid  was  used,  centroids  are  visible  as 
discrete points only at high latitudes, where the map projection exaggerates the 
inter-centroid distances. 

spatial database (Mechenich, 2022; Mechenich and ˇZliobait ˙e, 2023) at 
resolution nine, a high-resolution grid in which the distance between the 
centroids of the hexagonal cells is approximately 50 km globally. The 
dataset is available via (Mechenich, 2022). 

3.2. Climate datasets

Table 1 
The list of features. We utilize two feature sets selected through different CV 
processes  in  a  previous  study  (Mechenich  et  al.,  2024),  which  we  name  the 
‘random-CV’ feature set and the ‘spatial-CV’ feature set, respectively. The two 
feature sets share six common features.  

Feature set 

Feature 
Name 

Source 

Definition 

BIO03 

WorldClim 

random-CV 

TN10P 

ETCCDI 

GSL 

TNX 

ETCCDI 

ETCCDI 

BIO08 

WorldClim 

TXX 

ETCCDI 

spatial-CV 

BIO02 

WorldClim 

TN90P 

ETCCDI 

ID 
BIO14 
BIO18 
CWD 

ETCCDI 
WorldClim 
WorldClim 
ETCCDI 

RX1DAY 

ETCCDI 

WSDI 

ETCCDI 

common for 
both sets

Excluding  the  present-day  areas  that  we  used  for  training,  the  target 
prediction area does not have label assignments. The training and target 
prediction areas are visualized in Fig. 1a and b respectively.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query with the current information.