Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Experimental set up 

We  perform  a  complete  experiment  to 
demonstrate the performance of the proposed 
approach.  The  CNN-LSTM  Model  was 
implemented  with  the  python  library,  using 
Theano and Keras. The model parameters are 
optimized  using  gradient  descent  Adam 
algorithm  with  all  parameters  set  to  default 
values.  The system specification details are 
presented in  table 1,  while the detail  of the 
the  proposed 
tensor 
architecture 
the  summary 
presented in Table 2. 

layer  of 
in 

is  shown 

in  each 

Table 1: System requirement for plant specifies identification. 

System requirement 
Central processing unit (CPU) 
Operating system (OS) 
Random access memory (RAM) 
System architecture 

Specifications 
Intel(R)Core i7-4790@ 3.6GHz 
Microsoft window 
16GB 
64bit 

99 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tanzania Journal of Forestry and Nature Conservation, Vol 90, No. 3 (2021) Special Issue: 
Embracing Science and Technology in Nature Conservation. pp 93-103

Where f(s) is the output condition 
probability 
training example Si                

 for some 

This probability function for softmax 
activation is given in equation 2 

RESULTS 

The training process took around 10 hours on 
the  CPU.  The  accuracy  obtained  reaches 
95%  on  140  epochs.  We  first  measure  the 
performance  of  the  proposed  model  fig  6. 
and then compared it with the state-of-the-art 
approaches to justify its performance. 

100 

 
 
 
 
Tanzania Journal of Forestry and Nature Conservation, Vol 90, No. 3 (2021) Special Issue: 
Embracing Science and Technology in Nature Conservation. pp 93-103 

Experiment  show  that  the  proposed  CNN-
LSTM  performs  better  in  classifying  plant 
species  than  the  convectional  CNN  as  it 
attains  the  accuracy  of  95.06%  while  the 
literatures (Zhang et al. 2019) have reported 
only 91% accuracy. 

Performance Evaluation

Training 

We  train  the  proposed  deep  CNN-LSTM 
regressively with the learning time gradually 
decreased. The model was based on the pre-
trained  model  [38]  and  was  trained  to 
classify plant species  and therefore identify 
the new incoming unknown species. The loss 
was taken as the sum of the firing rates of the 
error  neurons  in  the  zeroth  pixel  layer.  A 
random 
search  was 
performed  over 
fourth-  and  fifth-layer 
models  of  the  leaf  features  positions.  Our 
model consists of 20 layers with 3 by 3 filter 
sizes  of  all  convolutions  and  stack  size  per 
layer  of  (1,32,64,64,128,256).  The  initial 

hyperparameter 

training  rate  is  set  to  0.001  dropped  by 
learning ratio of 10 after every 60 epochs.  

Softmax 

The proposed system uses k-way softmax 
classifier to classify image to one among k 
plant species. The loss due to this 
architecture is given by

93 

Keywords: Biodiversity - Computer vision - 
Convolutional  neural  networks  -  Plant 
species - Deep learning. 

INTRODUCTION 

science,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available from the provided context to determine the exact process used to deploy the trained deep learning model. However, typically, once a deep learning model has been trained, it can be saved or serialized into a file format such as HDF5, JSON, or ONNX. This allows the model to be loaded later without having to retrain it. Once the model has been serialized, it can be deployed onto various platforms depending on the use case. For instance, if the model needs to run on mobile devices, it might need to be optimized for low power consumption and small storage space. On the other hand, if the model will be running on servers, it may require more computational resources but can handle larger datasets. In any case, the specific deployment process would depend on the requirements of the application and the capabilities of the platform being used.