Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

racy assessment requires these parameters to calculate the total number of 
training samples required for the image classified using Eq. 1.

Images were then classified out via Random Forest (RF). This is a 
specific  machine  learning  technique  based  on  the  iterative,  random 
creation  of  decision  trees.  First,  the  input  features  and  classes  were 
defined. RF calculates several random decision trees based on (1) the 
number of training samples and (2) the number of trees. The more trees 
there are, the more accurate the model is, but the longer the calculation 
time is. RF creates several decision trees randomly using the Gini coef-
ficient to split them. A model based on the decision trees is thus created 
and used to classify all the pixels. A pixel is classified according to the 
majority vote of the decision trees. The number of training samples was 
5000 and the number of trees was 500.

The  greatest  improvement  is  that  found  for  simulation  S-Total

ecosystem service benefits (positive values). Assuming “n” is the number 
of cash flows in the list of values (eq. 2):

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific optimization techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam), or others being applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does discuss the use of Random Forest (RF), which is a type of ensemble learning method rather than an optimization technique. Therefore, without additional information, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the application of optimization techniques like SGD or Adam in this particular case.