Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

At the time of writing, global-scale GFW data were downloadable for 
scientific purposes for the 2012–2016 period only. GFW distributes 
◦
vessel  data  aggregated  at  0.01
resolutions  with  fishing 
activity cells already classified through a machine learning model.

The first case study has shown that our Open Science process can 
produce  consistent  information  from  two  different  and  large  input 
datasets. The extracted major fishing patterns differ because of (i) the 
heterogeneous data collection systems used, (ii) the order of magnitude 
difference  of  the  dataset  sizes,  and  (iii)  the  different  fishing-activity 
classification  algorithms  used.  However,  the  extracted  information 
about  stocks,  species  composition,  vulnerability  levels,  and  fishing 
pressure per species, largely overlaps and thus is cross-dataset consis-
tent. The detected stocks are also monitored by the Northwest Atlantic 
Fisheries Organization in the study area (NAFO, 2020), and the highest 
impacted species have been reported as bycatch species in this area also 
by other studies. For example, Puffinus gravis and Larus argentatus are 
seabirds  commonly  captured  in  the  Northwest  Atlantic  (Zhou  et  al.,

multi-resolution  decision  approach  is  usually  effective  in  these  cases 
(Magliozzi  et  al.,  2019).  Another  aspect  of  our  approach  is  that  the 
statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant, 
and the analysis resolution is suited to the study area. Thus, the user 
should provide statistically significant data and use the most appropriate 
spatial resolution for the analysis. These considerations relate to general 
issues  with FAIR  data and  big data processing: easy access  to a  large 
amount of data comes at the expense of a low guarantee of data quality 
and completeness. The precision of our workflow's output depends on (i) 
the  completeness  of  the  input  vessel  data,  (ii)  the  update  rate  of  the 
GRSF, (iii) the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, 
and (iv) the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. 
However, our first and second case studies have demonstrated that our

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet being used in the deep learning pipeline. Instead, the text discusses the use of Global Fishing Watch (GFW) data, which includes vessel data aggregated at 0.01 resolutions with fishing activity cells already classified through a machine learning model. Additionally, the context mentions the use of heterogeneous data collection systems and differences in dataset sizes, suggesting that multiple datasets may be involved in the analysis. However, without further clarification, it cannot be definitively stated what specific datasets are utilized in the deep learning pipeline.