Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been successfully applied in 
teleost  and  elasmobranch  reproductive  biology,  used  to  determine 
maturation  condition,  sex,  and  spawning  habitats  (Brown-Peterson 
et al., 2021; Brownscombe et al., 2020; Rogers et al., 2017; Slembrouck 
et  al.,  2019;  Vitale  et  al.,  2006).  In  this  study,  Random  Forests  (RF) 
analyses  proved  to  be  similarly  effective  in  classifying  maturity  in 
Chilean hake, with high precision measured against the gold-standard of 
histological  staging.  The  RF’s  accuracy  in  classifying  immature  and 
mature-inactive females was notably high, in contrast to macroscopic 
analysis which generally misassigned these stages due to their similar 
external characteristics of the gonads – making them difficult to discern 
by  the  naked  eye,  even  for  experienced  scientific  observers.  This  is  a 
common  problem  in  macroscopic  analysis  beyond  Chilean  hake,

coverage  (Fig.  3).  The  commercial  data  were  obtained  during  eleven 
◦
months  covering  a  spatial  range  between  33
S,  compared  to  the 
◦
S, where sampling 
-42
survey data which covered the area between 29
was concentrated in two months (Figs. 1 and 2). 

-39
◦

◦

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Applying machine learning to predict reproductive condition in fish 

Andr´es Flores a,*, Rodrigo Wiff b, c, Carl R. Donovan d,e, Patricio G´alvez f 
a Independent Researcher, Vi˜na del Mar, Chile 
b Center of Applied Ecology and Sustainability (CAPES), Pontificia Universidad Cat´olica de Chile, Santiago, Chile 
c Instituto Milenio en Socio-Ecología Costera (SECOS), Chile 
d DMP Statistical Solutions UK Ltd, St. Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
e School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of St Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
f Divisi´on de Investigaci´on Pesquera, Instituto de Fomento Pesquero, Valparaíso, Chile   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Histology 
Gonadosomatic index 
Maturity 
Random forest 
Merluccius gayi gayi

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, according to the given information, it appears that the data used in this study is confidential and not publicly available. Therefore, there is no mention of any specific data repository or platform such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF where the deep learning pipeline data might be accessible.