Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

List of acronyms and initials  

AICc 
DFA 
DTW 
SSM 
TMB 
TSA 
WMA 

Akaike Information Criterion corrected for small sample size 
Dynamic factor analysis 
Dynamic time warping 
State space model 
Template model builder 
Theil-Sen analysis 
Wildlife Management Area  

1. Introduction 

Variability of animal abundances across space and time is a central 
theme of ecology (Koenig and Liebhold, 2016; Krebs, 2001; Lundberg 
et al., 2000). Spatiotemporal variations among the populations of the 
same  species  may  result  from  the  differential  responses  of  animal

The Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks compiled 
and published the wildlife harvest summaries of Wildlife Management 
Area (WMAs) from the 1980s to the 2000s in three reports (Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990; Mississippi Depart-
ment of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998; Mississippi Department of 
Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006). The number of harvested rabbits 
per hunter day (a day hunting trip), a capture per unit effort (CPUE) 
index, was calculated as the total number of reported harvests divided 
by  the  total  number of  hunter days  in  a  WMA for each  year.  Eastern 
cottontail  rabbits  (Sylvilagus  floridanus)  and  swamp  rabbits  (Sylvilagus

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about any deep learning models or their deployment processes. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to this query.