Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ten species of interest, common and known to be abundant in agricul-
tural  soils,  were  chosen  to  be  automatically  identified  with  deep 
learning as a proof of concept: Ceratophysella denticulata (Bagnall, 1941) 
(CERDEN),  Ceratophysella  Gibbosa  (Bagnall,  1941)  (CER-GIB),  Hemi-
sotoma  thermophila  (HEM-THE)  (Axelson,  1900),  Hypogastrura  manu-
brialis (Tullberg, 1869) (HYP-MAN), Lepidocyrtus cyaneus (Schille, 1908) 
(LEP-CYA), Lepidocyrtus Lanuginosus (Gmelin, 1788) (LEP-LAN), Meta-
phorura  affinis  (B¨orner,  1902)  (MET-AFF),  Isotomiella  minor  (Sch¨affer, 
1896) (ISO-MIN) and Parisotoma notabilis (Sch¨affer, 1896) (PARNOT). 
These species have been chosen to identify if state-of-the-art models of 
deep  learning  can  detect  and  identify  the  interspecies  morphological 
similarity and the intra-species morphological variance of Collembola. 
To  give  examples  of  similarity,  the  species  Parisotoma  notabilis  and

lembola  in  agricultural  soils,  often  relatively  poor  in  diversity,  deep 
learning would allow the mass use of this indicator. It could allow ex-
perts to save time by focusing their attention on less frequent species. 
Microarthropods  (including  Collembola  and  Acari)  identification  and 
analysis of Collembola with deep learning has already been tried before 
(Kampichler et al., 2000; Sys et al., 2022), but even though optical mi-
croscopy is not something new in deep learning, learning, Collembola 
identification through microscopic slides has never been done before. 
This study aims at the investigation of the effectiveness of deep learning 
on species identification via microscope slide images, particularly in the 
context of Collembola identification. In this context, two hypotheses are 
presented.  The  first  hypothesis  suggests  that  a  state-of-the-art  deep 
learning model can accurately detect and identify most Collembola at

In conclusion, Collembola can play a crucial role in terrestrial eco-
systems as indicators for monitoring soil quality. To use them as metrics, 
identification is a prerequisite, and it is a time-consuming task. Among 
the 8700 species of Collembola worldwide, our expertise suggests that 
35 species represent the majority found in agricultural soils in France. 
The  automation  of  identifying  these  key  species  using  state-of-the-art 
object  detection  offers  a  significant  time-saving  opportunity  for  ex-
perts.  This  study  evaluates  the  performance  of  state-of-the-art  deep 
learning models in identifying Collembola on microscope slides, intro-
ducing a new dataset designed for model training. Our leading model 
outperforms human experts on images with a zoom of x50 and effec-
tively  utilizes  Collembola  features  for  identifications.  While  further 
improvements through annotation and few-shot learning techniques can

approach in computer vision, consistently demonstrating superior per-
formance  across  various  tasks  and  benchmarks.  The  use  of  machine 
learning in ecology is not new (Crisci et al., 2012), it already has been 
used for tasks such as ecological modeling (Recknagel, 2001), the study 
of animal behavior (Arablouei et al., 2023), and species identification 
(Waldchen and Mader, 2018). What makes deep learning such a growing 
field is the recent availability of powerful hardware and large amounts 
of  training  data.  By  learning  from  the  given  example  deep  learning 
models can extract important features and resolve a task without being 
specifically programmed to resolve it (LeCun et al., 2015), which makes

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this research. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. However, it might be possible to find more details about the code repository by checking the cited references or contacting the authors directly.