Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4. Discussion

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

Future  studies  that  aim  to  decrease  the  error  rate  of  algorithms 
developed  using  Kaleidoscope  may  create  advanced  recognizers  after 
manually labeling the events. Likewise, more research should evaluate 
the feasibility of using more sophisticated methods for automated cattle 
detection,  such  as  convolutional  neural  networks  or  deep  learning 

(Gupta et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Indeed, the development of 
supervised machine learning algorithms has already proven to be very 
effective for ungulate detection (Avots et al., 2022).

2.4. Statistical analyses

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions manual labeling of events and the use of supervised machine learning algorithms, which often involve labeled datasets. Manual labeling can include various techniques like bounding box annotation, instance segmentation, semantic segmentation, etc., depending on the task requirements. In this case, since the focus is on detecting ungulate vocalizations, the annotations might have involved labeling audio clips with corresponding animal sounds. For visual tasks, common annotation techniques include bounding boxes around objects of interest, pixel-level instance segmentation, or even semantic segmentation where each pixel is assigned a class label. But without further details, we cannot definitively state which technique was employed here.