Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

that are explicitly corrected by NN1 and NN2. This is interesting and 
strategic information prompting future research to continue along these 
lines and to optimise estimators which result in low bias and low rRMSE 
values  by  balancing  the  weights  of  sample  trees  with  those  of  their 
neighbours.

NN1  and  NN2  estimators  (Pommerening  and  Stoyan,  2006)  are 
generally associated with a low bias, although they were not originally 
designed for relascope sampling. Our results suggest that they can be 
considered safe options, since they are edge-correction methods that are 
more firmly based on statistical theory. Therefore, for indices directly 
related to distances, according to our results the NN2 estimator should 
be used. Unfortunately both NN1 and NN2 estimators have the disad-
vantage  that  they  exclude  the  diversity  index  values  of  some  sample 
trees. Since the number of sample trees per sample point if often small, 
such  exclusions  increase  the  index  variance  and  thus  the  rRMSE  in 
relascope-based  forest  inventories.  Our  simulation  results  highlighted 
that  the  variance  between  sample  plots  constitutes  the  largest  contri-
bution to sampling errors. This variance is likely to increase in forests 
similar  concepts 
managed

Generally  speaking  the  NN4  estimator  (Eq.  11)  that  considers  the 
weights of both sample trees and of the neighbours of sample trees is in 
most cases an improvement over the NN3 estimator (Eq. 10), although 
the  improvement  of  NN4  over  the  inventory  estimator  (Eq.  7)  is  low 
except for diversity index U. Explorative test simulations have shown 
that averaging as in Eq. (11) retains a comparatively large influence of 
the weights of the sample trees as opposed to those of their neighbours 
and this appears to keep the overall sampling error low. The inventory 
′ 
estimator is generally the best choice for the M and M
indices, whilst T is 
situated halfway between U and M in terms of the best choice of esti-
mator, where the inventory estimator, NN3 and NN4 largely show quite 
similar performances. 

3.2. Forest inventory analysis

When  applying  the  NN1  and  NN2  estimators,  we  expected  only  a 
(k)
partial  bias  reduction,  since  some  small  sample-tree  neighbours  P
i 
(Fig. 1) not very far from the sample point are neighbours in nature but 
may not have been included in the relascope sample for design reasons. 
In that case, as an alternative other neighbours are considered in the 
NN1 and NN2 calculations, which potentially contribute to a bias. 

2.2.3. NN3 estimator 

We also studied the nearest-neighbour estimator suggested by Mauro 

et al. (2017), i.e. 

̂¨y =

∑n

i=1

1
∑k

j=1wi,j

∑n

∑k

i=1

j=1

yi × wi,j.

(10)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide direct information about specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, it discusses various estimators like NN1, NN2, NN3, and NN4, which are used to reduce bias and improve accuracy in forest inventory analysis. These estimators consider different factors, including the weights of sample trees and their neighbors, to balance the weights and minimize bias.

For instance, the NN4 estimator, which takes into account the weights of both sample trees and their neighbors, has been found to perform better than the NN3 estimator in most cases. Similarly, the inventory estimator is recommended for certain indices like M and M'. In general, the choice of estimator depends on the specific application and desired outcome.

While the given text does not specifically mention techniques related to addressing data bias in deep learning pipelines, it highlights the importance of using appropriate estimators to mitigate bias and improve accuracy in data analysis.