Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

where t and h represent temperature and humidity resp. 
b.Modification  of  the  update  criterion  and  application  of  ma-
chine learning: We will seek to improve our model by modifying the 
update  criterion,  maintaining  stochasticity  but  making  it  differen-
tiable. This will allow us to take advantage of machine-learning tools 
and turn our model into an intelligent cellular automaton. 
c.Optimising  the  scope:  We  will  make  changes  in  the  partitions 
used to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration. This 
will become another adjustable parameter to improve the accuracy 
and efficiency of the model. 
d.Strategies of variance-reduction: As previously mentioned, the 
estimator  given  by  Eq.  6  may  not  have  the  minimum  variance. 
Therefore, it opens the possibility to investigate and develop new and 
more sophisticated estimators by using variance reduction strategies 
such as the importance sampling, stratified sampling, Quasi-Monte

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022665J. Boters Pitarch et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 6. Comparison between our model and Moore for parameter values in Γ.  

probability of getting it randomly. 

Property 4.2. Let N, K ∈ N and model parameters 

P = {0, 1, 1, 1, 1}, c⩾1, ΔID = 1 and p0 = 0.5  

then some random seed value exists for which our spread model is equal 
to the Von Neumann model.

)n

(

=

1 (cid:0)

)n

1
̃N

↦
n↦∞

0 

Thus, we can conclude that for a sufficiently large n, the probability 
of obtaining the Von Neumann model is sure. Therefore, some random 
seed  exists  for  which  our  model  and  the  Von  Neumann  model  are 
equivalent. □ 

Property 4.3. Let N be an odd integer such that N = 2n + 1, and let 
the tuple of model parameters be 

Γ = (P , C, p0) = ({0, 1, 1, 1, 1}, c, p0), c⩾1, ΔID = 1 and p0 ∈ [0, 1].

Then, the probability pvn  of obtaining the Von Neumann dynamics 

depends on n and p0, and its expression is given by 

(

)

pvn

n, p0

= 16n2

p4 n (n+1)
0

(1 (cid:0) p0)4 n2

pvn(n, p0) = p4 n
= 16n2

0 (1 (cid:0) p0)4 n2
p4 n (n+1)
0

(2 p0)4 n2
(1 (cid:0) p0)4 n2  

□ 

Fig.  7  represents  in  Log  scale  the  probability  of  getting  the  Von 
Neumann dynamics according to n, with p0 = 0.5. We observe that the 
probability  decreases  when  n  increases,  so  even  though  such  a  seed 
exists,  it  is  computationally  expensive  to  find  it. Moreover,  thanks to 
Property 4.3 we can deduce that the optimal value for getting this dy-
namic also depends on the grid size and is 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022666J. Boters Pitarch et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

p0 =

n + 1
2 n + 1

⟶
n→∞

1
2

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly mention any specific hyperparameters used in a deep learning model, such as learning rate or optimizer. However, there are several modifications and improvements discussed for the proposed model, including updating the criterion to maintain stochasticity while being differentiable, allowing the use of machine learning tools. Additionally, changes in partitions are suggested to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration, creating another adjustable parameter for improving accuracy and efficiency. Lastly, variance reduction strategies like importance sampling, stratified sampling, and Quasi-Monte Carlo methods are considered to develop more sophisticated estimators. These details suggest that the authors might have employed various techniques and possibly adjusted hyperparameters during their research; however, without explicit mentions, it is impossible to provide exact hyperparameter values.