Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

Finally, even if uncertainty can be quantified in all stages of analysis, 
which  we  attempted  to  do  (see  Appendix  B),  a  method  needs  to  be 
developed to incorporate all these sources of uncertainty into the final 
result (Comber et al., 2012). In the end, it was only possible to quali-
tatively  connect  our  results  back  to  ground  truthing  data.  This  was 
enough for our purposes but future work may be able to improve on the 
accuracy of the analysis as well as the propagation of uncertainty. 

Fig. 6. Much slower recovery from mining between A) 1944 and B) 2020. See 
supplementary materials for a time-lapse video of images over time. 

4.2. Potential improvements for mixed-methods analytical historical 
ecology 

changes in ecosystem response to different management actions, land 
use  patterns,  and  disturbances  such  as  fires,  floods  and  droughts  has 
helped to support ecocultural restoration goals.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

2.3. Image processing 

We used QGIS version 3.22.4 (QGIS.org, 2022), for georegistration, 
classification,  and  rasterization,  and  R  version  4.2.0  (R  Core  Team, 
2022) for validation calculations, analysis, and visualization of figures. 
Historical aerial image frames were located at university libraries (UC 
Berkeley and UC Santa Barbara map libraries) and other agencies (e.g. 
California Geological Survey in Arcata). National Agricultural Imagery 
Program  (NAIP)  quarter-quads  were  downloaded  from  the  California 
Natural Resources Agency’s GIS archive (2005–2016);  NAIP for 2018 
and  2020  was  retrieved  via  ArcGIS  basemap  layers.  We  used  QGIS’ 
georegistration tool with a set of persistent features in the landscape to 
georegister the images and a separate set of persistent features to assess 
the spatial accuracy of the georegistration. See Appendix A for detailed 
protocols and Appendix B for spatial accuracy measurements.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide any information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It discusses various aspects related to the use of machine learning tools for refining classifications, the limitations of these tools, and the need for further testing. However, no specific details regarding the location of the code repository are mentioned. Therefore, I cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available based on this given context.