Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 2. Overview of the study area: Land Use / Land Cover Map (LULC) source: (MELCCFP, Q, 2022).  

Table 1 
Data types used in this study.  

Dataset 

LULC 

Temporal 
R. 

Spatial 
R. 

Data 
type 

Sources 

Annual 

10 m 

Raster 

MNT-Lidar 

– 

1 m 

Raster 

Weather data 

Daily 

2.5 km 

Raster 

Database of parcels and 
declared agricultural 
production (BDPPAD) 
Geobase of the Qu´ebec 
hydrographic network 
(GRHQ) 

Geobase Adresses Qu´ebec 

Annual 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

Vector 

Vector 

Vector 

(MELCCFP, Q, 
2022) 
(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.F, 2020) 
(Mai et al., 
2020) 
(FADQ, 2022) 

(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.d.F, 2016) 

(Minist`ere, d.r. 
n.e.d.F, 2015)  

flight time and performance. Flying time and performance is linked to 
many weather factors like temperature, wind, precipitation, solar radi-
ation, and these factors combined dictate if and when honey bees will 
take flight.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025308G.A. Fotso Kamga et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Fig. 11. Response surface of Wth-fis and LCW-FIS.  

2017) and their productivity in nectar and pollen.) and our survey 
with  beekeepers  in  Quebec  (supplementary  material,  Table  S1.2). 
We  combined  LULC  map  and  BDPPAD  information  to  obtain  the 
most accurate data on the area of agricultural land and its uses. The 
BDPPAD  is  a  database  of  agricultural  parcels  and  production  that 
have  been  linked  to  customer  files  from  La  Financi`ere  agricole  du 
Qu´ebec  (FADQ).  It  includes  vector  polygons  that  outline  the  agri-
cultural parcels and covers most of Quebec’s agricultural land.

Minist`ere, d.r.n.e.d.F, 2015. Adresses Qu´ebec - Jeu de jeux de donn´ees Qu´ebec. URL. htt 

ps://www.donneesquebec.ca/recherche/dataset/adresses-quebec. 

Minist`ere, d.R.n.e.d.F, 2016. G´eobase du r´eseau hydrographique du Qu´ebec (GRHQ) - 
Jeu de donn´ees - Donn´ees Qu´ebec. URL. https://www.donneesquebec.ca/recherche 
/dataset/grhq. 

Minist`ere, d.R.n.e.F, 2020. Guide d’utilisation des produits d´eriv´es du lidar, Qu´ebec, 
Minist`ere des ressources naturelles et forˆets, secteur des forˆets, direction des 
inventaires forestiers, 64 p. URL. https://www.donneesquebec.ca/recherche/fr/data 
set/produits-derives-de-base-du-lidar. 

beekeeping. Eco. Inform. 78, 102362 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
ecoinf.2023.102362. 

Schulzweida, U., Kronblueh, L., Budich, R.G., 2019. CDO: climate Data Operators. 
Sedighkia, M., Datta, B., 2023. Monitoring ecological status of wetlands using linked 

fuzzy inference system-remote sensing analysis. Eco. Inform. 74, 101971.

accurate  than  the  map  inform  by  literature  knowledge  information. 
Other studies have noted that reducing the pixel size from 25 m to 5 m in 
urban areas increases the value of the pollination model (Grafius et al., 
2016). Furthermore, Rayner et al. (2021) found that reducing the pixel 
size from 100 to 10 m yield the prediction of abundance of wild bees by 
43%. As a result, they recommend using the 10 m resolution pixel in an 
agricultural context to make more accurate decisions when interpreting 
the output of the crop pollination model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes various methods for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. For instance, it employs annual LULC maps with a spatial resolution of 10 meters, which provide detailed information about land use and cover changes over time. Additionally, the study incorporates daily weather data with a spatial resolution of 2.5 kilometers, offering insights into meteorological conditions affecting honey bee flight times and performance. Moreover, the research combines LULC map and BDPPAD information to acquire precise data on agricultural land area and usage. The BDPPAD is a database containing agricultural parcel and production records connected to client profiles from La Financière Agricole du Québec (FADQ), encompassing vector polygons outlining agricultural plots and covering most of Quebec's agricultural territory. Lastly, the study also leverages GeoBase Addresses Quebec, providing geospatial data related to addresses within Quebec. These diverse sources of raw data contribute significantly to the accuracy and reliability of the deep learning models employed in the study.