Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.4. Using embeddings to assist in model selection for classifying unseen 
data 

An important DNN technique is transfer learning using embeddings 
from an existing model to train new models on previously unseen data.

Neural information processing scaled for bioacoustics-from neurons to Big Data. In: 
Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Scaled for Bioacoustics: From Neurons 
to Big Data, 2013. http://sabiod.univ-tln.fr/NIPS4B2013_book.pdf. 

Gupta, Gaurav, Kshirsagar, Meghana, Zhong, Ming, Gholami, Shahrzad, Ferres, Juan 

Lavista, 2021. Comparing recurrent convolutional neural networks for large scale 
bird species classification. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 17085. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598- 
021-96446-w. 

He, Kaiming, Zhang, Xiangyu, Ren, Shaoqing, Sun, Jian, 2015. ‘Deep residual learning 

for image recognition’. arXiv. http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385. 

Hershey, Shawn, Chaudhuri, Sourish, Ellis, Daniel P.W., Gemmeke, Jort F., Jansen, Aren, 
Moore, Channing, Plakal, Manoj, et al., 2017. CNN Architectures for Large-Scale 
Audio Classification. In: International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal 
Processing (ICASSP).. https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.09430.

4.6. Input selection in active learning 

Active learning enhances and facilitates the labour-intensive process 
of data generation, important in this field given the scarcity of labelled 
data or the need to generate training data to target certain species (Allen 
et  al.,  2021).  It  progressively  increases  the  training  data  by  selecting 
those  samples  most  likely  to  improve  model  performance  from  pre-
dictions that a model generates over unlabelled data. Iteratively training 
new models with additional labelled data selected from their predictions 
reduces  the  extent  of  manual annotation  (Shuyang  et  al.,  2020). In  a 
similar process as the example of Tolkova et al. (2021) discussed above, 
our proposed method of using model embeddings and dimensionality 
reduction to display model predictions in EV can contribute to selecting 
the best sample candidates for manual annotation. 

4.7. Closing in on rare events

DNN  are  algorithms  consisting  of  neurons  arranged  in  successive 
layers that apply computations based on learnable parameters (weights 
and  bias)  and  activation  functions  to  inputs  from  previous  layers, 
through to an output consistent with the training data. Different types of 
layers  (convolutional,  pooling,  flatten,  etc.)  may  combine  in  large 
numbers to create complex algorithms that are difficult to interpret and 
often referred to as ‘black boxes’ (McGinn et al., 2023; Stowell, 2022). It 
is virtually impossible to follow how they use millions of parameters to 
reach a particular decision for any given input. Consequently, there is an 

array of tools and procedures to try to understand some of their inner 
workings. Here, we focus on the improved utilisation of one technique 
referred to as “analysis of embeddings”.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention specific data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, scaling, or others used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it discusses various aspects related to deep learning, including transfer learning using embeddings, active learning, and analysis of embeddings. These concepts are crucial in improving model performance, especially when dealing with limited labeled data or focusing on specific classes like rare bird species. Unfortunately, without more detailed information about the specific deep learning pipelines employed, I cannot provide a precise list of data augmentation techniques used.