Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

calculated. This measurement indicates the strength of links going from 
sources to the target as follows,

2.2. Data collection and processing

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024469L. Khadke et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Fig. 6. (a) – (c) shows the average transfer entropy (TE) bits information of 104 weeks of two years at different lags for net ecosystem exchange (NEE), ecosystem 
respiration (RE), and latent heat (LH), respectively (d) – (e) implies the average number of TE links of 104 weeks for NEE, RE, and LH at different lags.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any direct information about the evaluation metrics used for the deep learning model. However, it mentions the use of transfer entropy (TE) bits information and the average number of TE links as measurements for evaluating the strength of links between sources and targets. These metrics might be related to the performance of the deep learning model indirectly if they were used as part of the training or validation process. Nevertheless, without explicit mention of specific evaluation metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1-score, etc., we cannot definitively state which metrics were used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model based on the provided context.