Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

We implemented a deep neural network algorithm
(Goodfellow et al. 2016)—IUC-NN—as an R package
(IUCNN, available at https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN)
based on the Python (version 3.7) TensorFlow (https://
www.tensorflow.org) library to predict the conservation
status of unevaluated orchid species. We based the pre-
dictions on 4 groups of features, derivable from digitally
available occurrence records: geographic (mean latitude
and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent
of occurrence [EOO], area of occupancy [AOO], number
of locations [sensu IUCN], and occurrence records); cli-
matic (mean of 19 bioclim variables [Karger et al. 2017]);
biome (presence in 14 biomes [Olson et al. 2001]); and

anthropogenic (mean Human Footprint Index [Wildlife
Conservation Society & International Earth Science In-
formation Network 2005]).

Pfab MF, Victor JE, Armstrong AJ. 2011. Application of the IUCN Red
Listing system to setting species targets for conservation planning
purposes. Biodiversity and Conservation 20:1001–1012.

R Core Team. 2019. R: a language and environment for statisti-
cal computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna,
Austria.

Rivers MC, Taylor L, Brummitt NA, Meagher TR, Roberts DL, Lughadha
EN. 2011. How many herbarium specimens are needed to detect
threatened species? Biological Conservation 144:2541–2547.

Roberts DL, Taylor L, Joppa LN. 2016. Threatened or data deficient: as-
sessing the conservation status of poorly known species. Diversity
and Distributions 22:558–565.

Rodrigues ASL, Pilgrim JD, Lamoreux JF, Hoffmann M, Brooks TM.
2006. The value of the IUCN Red List for conservation. Trends in
Ecology & Evolution 21:71–76.

We trained IUC-NN on all species with an IUCN RL as-
sessment and available occurrence records. Prior to the
training, we randomly split the data set into a training
set (90% of the entries) and a test set (10%). We used
20% of the training set for validation. Because the size
of the data set was comparatively small, we performed
cross-validation by shifting the validation set 5 times to
quantify the average validation cross-entropy loss and ac-
curacy. We then used the neural network with the lowest
cross-entropy loss across a range of models with differ-
ent numbers of hidden layers and subsets of features to
predict the conservation status of all orchid species at
2 levels: binary (possibly threatened vs. not threatened)
and detailed (CR, EN, VU, NT, and LC). See Supporting
Information for details on the network architecture and
training. We combined the IUC-NN assessments with dis-
tribution data from WCSP to show the number and pro-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available on GitHub. It can be accessed using the link <https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN>. This information is mentioned in the first paragraph of the given text.