Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

quency response that create a potential bias; we demonstrate how a simple linear transformation can be used to 
mitigate the effect of hardware variance on the learned representation under our approach. Our novel approach 
paves the way for development of a new class of deep neural networks that afford more interpretable learned 
ecoacoustic representations to advance both fundamental and applied science and support global conservation 
efforts.

2.4. Model architecture 

The  encoder  and  decoder  are  deep  CNNs  setup  as  wide  residual 
networks (Fig. 1) (Zagoruyko and Komodakis, 2017). Residual networks 
(ResNets) describe a class of functions that allow for deeper architec-
tures and increased model complexity by learning a perturbation of the 
input  signal  at  each  layer  rather  than  a  transformation  as  in  conven-
tional  neural  architectures  (He  et  al.,  2015a).  The  perturbation  is 
implemented  using  skip  connections  in  residual  blocks  allowing  the 
input signal to persist through the network (He et al., 2015a). Each skip 
connection  increases  the  variance  between  the  input  and  output  at  a 
given  layer,  causing  an  exponential  growth  in  memory  usage  as  the 

Table 1 
Architectural layout of the soundscape VAE.

The  encoder  uses  a  pre-processing  block  containing  a  convolution 
with a wide receptive field (5 × 5 kernel) and signal coarsening along 
the time axis (2 × 1 kernel) (Kahl et al., 2021). Coarsening follows the 
changes suggested in (He et al., 2018) and replicates later versions of 
BirdNet’s  down-sampling  strategy  by  recombining  the  concatenated 
output  of  2 × 2  maximum and  2  × 2 average  pooling using  a  1 × 1 
convolution.  After  convolution,  feature  representations  are  chunked 
along the time axis into T = 19 independent frames each corresponding 
to 3.072 s. Each frame is flattened and passed through a final linear layer 
to  output  T  d-dimensional  mean  μ  and  log  variance  logσ2  vectors  as 
parameters  for  the  Gaussian  variational  posterior.  A  latent  vector  for 
each frame in the time-series is sampled from the posterior using the 
reparameterisation trick. We set d = 128 for comparability with ecoa-

network deepens (Ioffe and Szegedy, 2015; Prince, 2023). To mitigate 
internal covariate shift and stabilise training residual networks require 
some form  of layer  normalisation  such  as batch  normalisation.  While 
increasing  the  number  of  model  parameters,  batch  normalisation  en-
ables the use of higher learning rates, significantly speeding up training 
and  reducing  power  usage  (Ioffe  and  Szegedy,  2015).  Wide  ResNets 
increase network width and reduce depth (Zagoruyko and Komodakis, 
2017) allowing faster training due to shallower architectures. Our ar-
chitecture  draws on  the  layout  of  BirdNet’s  encoder,  preserving  their 
pre-processing block and dropping the classification layers, setting up a 
wide  residual  network  with  a  width  scaling  factor  K = 4  and  depth 
scaling factor N = 3 (Kahl et al., 2021). Hidden layer activations use a 
rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function. Additional regularisa-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding whether they used platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.