Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Dataset

Deep learning approaches require a vast amount of examples to
perform well, otherwise the models can overﬁt to the data. For ex-
ample, COCO (common objects in context) dataset has more than
330,000 of images (Lin et al., 2014). Under those circumstances, it is
essential to build our own dataset due to the lack of previous in-
formation. In this section, we present the methodology that we follow
to build our dataset coupled with an analysis of it.

3.1. Case of study

The Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley is located in the south of Mexico,
between the states of Puebla and Oaxaca. The center of the area is lo-
cated at 18.1605° latitude and −97.4202° longitude (decimal degrees)
and covers an area of 10,000 km2. See Fig. 2. Its arid condition is due to
natural walls that surround it, by east the east mountain chain (sierra

tion. With the modiﬁed images a CNN was trained to classify three
diﬀerent legume species: white bean, red bean and soybean. A relevant
approach for deep learning is a form of transfer learning. It is well
known that deep learning networks need large amounts of data to be
trained, this has led to the use of pre-trained networks that are latter
ﬁne-tuned with speciﬁc data of the addressed problem. The aim is to
take advantage of the knowledge learned from one problem to apply it
to another closely related problem. In (Ghazi et al., 2017), three re-
cognized deep learning architectures, namely GoogLeNet, AlexNet, and
VGGNet, were used to identify the plant species captured in a photo-
graph. The authors studied the impact of critical factors (iteration size,

5.4. Dataset extension

The proposed approach has shown good performance (accuracy) for
cactus recognition in aerial images. One way to improve the current
accuracy could be to make deeper the current CNN, however, im-
proving the accuracy with a deeper network will tend to memorize the
dataset due to the model capacity (Goodfellow et al., 2016), causing
model overﬁtting. A better improvement to the current work is to in-
clude more examples in the dataset. Such examples should be obtained
under diﬀerent conditions, some variations are diﬀerent daylight con-
ditions or diﬀerent year seasons. Diﬀerent season pictures will provide
a distinctive context because the rainy season changes all valley's ve-
getation.

Fig. 11. Confusion matrix.

Fig. 13. Example of a cactus image. The axes indicate pixel indices.

136

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 14. Learned kernels and feature maps. The axes indicate pixel indices.

6. Conclusions

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436.
Lee, S.H., Chan, C.S., Wilkin, P., Remagnino, P., 2015. Deep-plant: plant identiﬁcation
with convolutional neural networks. IEEE Int. Conf. Image Process. (ICIP) 2015,
452–456.

Lin, T.-Y., Maire, M., Belongie, S., Hays, J., Perona, P., Ramanan, D., Dollár, P., Zitnick,
C.L., 2014. Microsoft coco: common objects in context. In: European Conference on
Computer Vision. Springer, pp. 740–755.

Munisami, T., Ramsurn, M., Kishnah, S., Pudaruth, S., 2015. Plant leaf recognition using
shape features and colour histogram with k-nearest neighbour classiﬁers. Proc.

Valiente-Banuet, A., Casas, A., Alcántara, A., Dávila, P., Flores-Hernández, N., del Coro
Arizmendi, M., Villaseñor, J.L., Ramrez, J.O., 2000. The vegetation of the valley of
tehuacan-cuicatlan. Bot. Sci. (67), 25–74.

Vasquez-Gomez, J.I., 2019. Cactus Aerial Photos. https://www.kaggle.com/

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there isn't any explicit mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in the research paper. However, there is a reference to a dataset called 'Cactus Aerial Photos', which might contain the necessary data for the deep learning pipeline. This dataset seems to have been created by Vasquez-Gomez, but no direct link to its location is provided within the text. Therefore, without additional context or resources, it is not possible to determine the exact data repository link for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the paper.