Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Funding

Keshavamurthy, R., Dixon, S., Pazdernik, K.T., Charles, L.E., 2022. Predicting infectious 
disease for biopreparedness and response: a systematic review of machine learning 
and deep learning approaches. One Health 15, 100439. https://doi.org/10.1016/J. 
ONEHLT.2022.100439. 

Khun, M., 2022. Classification and Regression Training: Package caret. Available at: http 
s://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/caret/caret.pdf (Accessed: 26 January 2023).  
Laaksonen, M., Sajanti, E., Sormunen, J.J., Penttinen, R., H¨anninen, J., Ruohom¨aki, K., 
et al., 2017. Crowdsourcing-based nationwide tick collection reveals the distribution 
of Ixodes ricinus and I. persulcatus and associated pathogens in Finland. Emerg. 
Microb. Infect. 6 (5) https://doi.org/10.1038/EMI.2017.17.

4. Discussion 

The  primary  objective  of  this  study  was  to  evaluate  how  well  a 
classical random forest machine learning model together with satellite- 
based environmental estimates can predict relative tsetse abundance in 
all of Kenya using a spatially limited set of tsetse trapping data. Based on 
our results, in this section we also pinpoint areas of improvement and 
opportunities to enhance the precision and reliability of predictions of 
tsetse fly relative densities within Kenya. 

4.1. National scale tsetse mapping with spatially limited data

abundance  of  Aedes  aegypti  female  mosquitoes  in  Thailand.  For  tick 
abundance in Southern Scandinavia, Jung Kjær et al. (2019) employed 
Boosted  Regression  Trees  (BRT)  with  gridded  environmental  and 
weather  variables.  Their  approach  yielded  higher  accuracy  for  tick 
larvae and nymphs (R2 of 0.69) but less accurate results for adult ticks 
(R2 of 0.1). Ceia-Hasse et al. (2023) demonstrated an improved perfor-
mance  of  deep  learning  over  classical  machine  learning  (area  under 
curve values 0.83 and 0.75 respectively) in predicting the abundance of 
yellow  fever  mosquitoes  in  Madeira,  Portugal.  These  findings  collec-
tively  highlight  the  promising  potential  of  various  machine  learning 
techniques in developing high-performing models for assessing disease 
vector abundance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The sources mentioned are related to research papers and documentation, which do not provide any direct link or reference to a specific code repository. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is located from the provided context.