Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Public weed dataset survey 

Weed datasets were surveyed based on a systematic search in major 
databases including Google Scholar, ScienceDirect, Web of Science, IEEE 
Xplore, and arXiv. The search keywords included “weed dataset”, “weed 
database”,  “agriculture”,  “machine  vision”  and  “computer  vision”. 
Particularly,  to  facilitate searching  via  Google  Scholar,  the  Python  li-
brary “scholarly”3  was employed to automatically retrieve publication 
records. A total of 451 records were collected from the literature search, 

3  https://github.com/scholarly-python-package/scholarly 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025462B. Deng et al.

Abbeel, Pieter, 2017. Domain randomization for transferring deep neural networks 
from simulation to the real world. In: Paper Presented at the 2017 IEEE/RSJ 
International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS). 

Wang, Pei, Tang, Yin, Luo, Fan, Wang, Lihong, Li, Chengsong, Niu, Qi, Li, Hui, 2022. 
Weed25: a deep learning dataset for weed identification. Front. Plant Sci. 13, 
1053329. 

Wang, Su, Saharia, Chitwan, Montgomery, Ceslee, Pont-Tuset, Jordi, Noy, Shai, 

Pellegrini, Stefano, Onoe, Yasumasa, Laszlo, Sarah, Fleet, David J., Soricut, Radu, 
2023. Imagen editor and editbench: Advancing and evaluating text-guided image 
inpainting. In: Paper presented at the Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on 
Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. 

Weyler, Jan, L¨abe, Thomas, Magistri, Federico, Behley, Jens, Stachniss, Cyrill, 2023. 
Towards domain generalization in crop and weed segmentation for precision 
farming robots. IEEE Robot. Automat. Lett. 8 (6), 3310–3317.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Weed database development: An updated survey of public weed datasets 
and cross-season weed detection adaptation 

Boyang Deng , Yuzhen Lu *, Jiajun Xu 

Department of Biosystems & Agricultural Engineering, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, United States of America   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Deep learning 
Domain adaptation 
Machine vision 
Precision agriculture 
Robustness 
Weed detection

Olsen, Alex, Konovalov, Dmitry A., Philippa, Bronson, Ridd, Peter, Wood, Jake C., 

Johns, Jamie, Banks, Wesley, Girgenti, Benjamin, Kenny, Owen, Whinney, James, 
2019. DeepWeeds: a multiclass weed species image dataset for deep learning. Sci. 
Rep. 9 (1), 2058. 

Oza, Poojan, Sindagi, Vishwanath A., Sharmini, Vibashan Vishnukumar, Patel, Vishal M., 
2023. Unsupervised domain adaptation of object detectors: A survey. In: IEEE 
Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence. 

Pimentel, D., Lach, L., Zuniga, R., Morrison, D., 2000. Environmental and economic costs 

of nonindigenous species in the United States. BioScience 50 (1), 53–65. 

Rahman, A., Lu, Y., Wang, H., 2022. Deep neural networks for weed detections towards 
precision weeding. In: In 2022 ASABE Annual International Meeting. American 
Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers, p. 1. 

Rai, Nitin, Mahecha, Maria Villamil, Christensen, Annika, Quanbeck, Jamison,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper by Wang et al. (2022) titled "Weed25: a deep learning dataset for weed identification" presents a new dataset called Weed25. However, there is no mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline used for this study can be found. Therefore, it cannot be determined if the code repository is available on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket.

Based on the information given, it appears that the authors did not provide any details about the availability of their code repository. It would be best to contact the corresponding author directly to request access to the code repository or further clarification regarding its availability.