Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

)
θ, z, y

l

(cid:0) λ‖θ‖2

(16)  

The  weighting  factor  λ  is  a  regularization  parameter  (see  e.g.  Platt, 
1999) which needs to be optimized. In the present work, we repeated the 
iterative  optimization  of  the  objective  function  in  Eq.  (16)  for  100 
discrete candidate values of λ chosen from a vector of equidistant values 
(Hastie  et  al.,  2016),  and  then  selected  the  value  that  minimizes  the 
Bayesian information criterion (BIC) (Schwarz, 1978) as an established 
model selection score. 

3.3. Classification and Regression Trees (CART)

(17)  (comparing  the  average  rank  in  Fig.  2  with  ranks  in  Fig. S9  in 
Supplement A.9).

6.3. Variable ranking 

Colony  size,  measured  by  the  maximum  number  of  males  in  each 
colony, is the most important feature for the sparrow population, which 
was determined using the best two models overall, the RF approach in 
combination with the GFR and RBF-GFR models. The percentage of bush, 
on  the  other  hand,  has  the  lowest  importance  score  compared  to  the 
other  main  variables,  as  seen  in  Fig.  5.  The  importance  scores  were 
calculated using the mean decrease in accuracy from permuting out-of- 
bag data; the mathematical details for this calculation can be found in 
Han et al. (2016). Both features positively affect the habitat suitability of 
the sparrows based on the GFR and RBF-GFR models. 

For the wolf dataset, using the RF approach in combination with the

To optimize the vector parameter θ  in Eq. (6) for the original GFR 
model and Eq. (12) for the RBF-GFR model using the maximum likeli-
hood estimator, we have to find the values of the model parameters that 
maximize the likelihood function L(θ, z, y). 

If the response variable for a data set is a binary species use/avail-
ability indicator, that is yn ∈ {0, 1}, the Bernoulli model is used in each 
site with probability of use p = Pr(y = 1|z; θ) and probability of avail-
ability 1 (cid:0) p = Pr(y = 0|z; θ) where: 

p = Pr(yn = 1|zn; θ) =

1
1 + e(cid:0) h(zn;θ) ;

Pr(yn = 0|zn; θ) = 1 (cid:0) p

(13)  

where the subscript n denotes a geographical patch or plot where species 
counts are taken. The log likelihood is:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, it appears that the hyperparameter being referred to is the weighting factor lambda (λ), which is a regularization parameter. To optimize this hyperparameter, the iterative optimization of the objective function was repeated for 100 discrete candidate values of λ chosen from a vector of equidistant values. This process was carried out according to Hastie et al. (2016). Afterward, the value of λ that minimizes the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) was selected as the optimal hyperparameter. Therefore, it seems that a form of grid search was employed to optimize the hyperparameter in this case. However, the specific methodology used to select the initial vector of equidistant values for λ is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.