Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Wiener, 2002) with default hyperparameters (number of trees ntree =
500; minimum number of observations in a terminal node nodesize = 5; 
number of variables tried at each split mtry = ⌊Nβ
⌋ = 1, where Nβ = 5 is 
3
the number of predictors). The out-of-bag residuals were obtained by

The issues of inflated estimation of map accuracy and sub-optimal 
model  training  caused  by  clustered  sampling  have  previously  been 
handled  according  to  various,  usually  separate,  procedures.  Specific 
parametric methods have been designed for classical statistical models, 
which have been reviewed previously (e.g., Dormann et al., 2007; Miller 
et  al., 2007). These  parametric methods  are  not readily  applicable to 
most machine learning models, prompting alternative ad hoc solutions 
(Roberts et al., 2017). The most common approach is spatial validation 
(Brenning, 2012; Roberts et al., 2017; Valavi et al., 2019), which de-
scribes  several  methods  for  reducing  the  spatial  dependence  between 
training  and  validation  data.  Examples  include  natural  extensions  to 
normal  cross-validation  such  as  spatial  partitioning,  where  the  study 
area is divided geographically into training and test divisions (Bahn and

3.1. Covariance-weighted bagging 

Spatial covariance-weighted bagging improved the true model per-
formance calculated on the full response surfaces Z(s) on average across 
all  simulations  for  each  response  variable  (Fig.  4).  Improvements  to 
performance  were  not  uniform  throughout  the  simulations,  and  were 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)10218112B. Misiuk and C.J. Brown                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

generally greatest given larger proportions of clustering (e.g., Fig. 5). 
Additional analysis and exhaustive plotted results of model performance 
under  the  various  sample  design  parameters  are  provided  in  Supple-
mentary Material S2.

Ways  in  which  to  minimize  biased  training  of  machine  learning 
models  with  clustered  data  is  an  outstanding  challenge  (e.g.,  Meyer 
et al., 2018, 2019). We hypothesize that the improvements to predictive 
performance observed here using covariance-weighted bagging may be 
a  result  of  reduced  bias  during  model  training  from  down-weighting 
over-sampled  information,  but  this  was  not  tested  explicitly.  A  suit-
able experiment to explore this topic could simulate a surface from a pre- 
defined combination of response functions to environmental variables, 
and  test  for  the  capacity  to  recover  the  responses  using  covariance 
weighted bagging under various clustering scenarios. Simultaneously, it 
would be informative to observe the automatic variable selection and 
regularization behaviour of the bagging model. 

5. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no explicit mention of how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it does state that the model used default hyperparameters, specifically: number of trees (ntree) set to 500, minimum number of observations in a terminal node (nodesize) set to 5, and number of variables tried at each split (mtry) set to 1. This suggests that the authors did not perform any specific optimization technique like grid search or random search to find the best hyperparameters for their model. Instead, they opted to use commonly accepted default values for these hyperparameters.