Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

threshold during training for 3000 iterations. At the end of the training process, the best
performing model based on the validation loss was saved and used as the Faster R-CNN
model with a NMS threshold of 0.7 during testing.

kernel to expand without increasing the number of parameters [39]. This expansion of the
window is controlled by the dilation rate and it enables the network to capture information
from a larger receptive ﬁeld of view with the same parameters and computational complex-
ity as the normal convolution. The combination of spatial pyramid pooling with Atrous
convolutions resulted in an efﬁcient multi-scale processing module called Atrous spatial
pyramid pooling (ASPP). In the earlier version (DeepLabV3) [40], the last ResNet block of
the modiﬁed ResNet-101 uses different Atrous convolutions with different dilation rates.
ASPP, together with bilinear up sampling, is also used on top of the modiﬁed ResNet block.
DeepLabv3+ is an improvement in the previous version by adding an effective decoder
module to improve the boundaries of the segmentation results [41]. Furthermore, apart
from ResNet-101, an Xception model can be used as a feature extractor while applying a

6 of 23

Figure 2. A schematic diagram of a fully convolution neural network for semantic segmentation. The network consists of
an encoder part where the model extracts potential useful features and the decoder part, which up-samples the extracted
feature map to produce the ﬁnal segmentation results.

is an improvement in the previous version by adding an effec-tive decoder module to improve the boundaries of the segmentation results [41]. Further-more, apart from ResNet-101, an Xception model can be used as a feature extractor while applying a depth-wise separable convolution to both ASPP and the decoder module, hence improving the speed and robustness of the encoder-decoder network.  Figure 2. A schematic diagram of a fully convolution neural network for semantic segmentation. The network consists of an encoder part where the model extracts potential useful features and the decoder part, which up-samples the extracted feature map to produce the final segmentation results. 3.2. Phase 2: Leaf Extraction Using Connected Component A classic connected component algorithm was first introduced by Azriel and John in 1966 [42]. Since then, numerous different implementations have been proposed for im-proving existing ones [43]. In image processing, connected components analysis helps to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide explicit details about the specific hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer used in the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the best performing model was selected based on the validation loss after training for 3000 iterations. It also states that a Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS) threshold of 0.7 was used during testing. Unfortunately, there is no mention of other important hyperparameters like learning rate, batch size, or the type of optimizer used.