Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Minimum 

Maximum 

– 

0 
(cid:0) 25% 
(cid:0) 20% 
◦
(cid:0) 90

– 

10% 
+50% 
20% 
◦
+90

2.4. Deep learning models 

Two  widely  used  object  detection  models  were  selected  for  com-
parison, YOLOv5 (Jocher et al., 2021) and Faster R-CNN (FR-CNN) (Ren 
et al., 2015). YOLO is a lightweight approach where objects are identi-
fied directly through as single pass, whereas the FR-CNN is a multi-stage 
network approach based on identifying potential regions and then cat-
egorising and discarding some inappropriate regions (Ren et al., 2015). 
For the YOLOv5 model, we also tested three variants, YOLOv5 small, 
YOLOv5  medium  and  TPH-YOLOv5  (Zhu  et  al.,  2021b),  which  is  a 
modified variant of YOLO with a Transformer Prediction Head (TPH) 
(Yang et al., 2019).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Pacific oysters 
Invasive species 
Convolutional neural networks 
Deep learning 
Drone 
Remote sensing 
Ecological management

This resulted in a dataset consisting of 3643 tiles for the Scoble site 
(758 containing Pacific oysters, 2885 without Pacific oysters) and 7571 
tiles  for  the  Collapit  site  (879  containing  Pacific  oysters  and  6692 
without Pacific oysters). 

2.3. Validation and training datasets 

To create the training and validation datasets, the tiles containing 
Pacific oysters were split into 70% training, and 30% validation. Data 
augmentation  was  used  to  increase  the  size  of  the  training  dataset, 
through random variations and manipulations to the data. Augmenta-
tions  were  applied  in  a  random  order.  The  list  of  augmentations  is 
described in Table 1. 

The training data set had five augmented images created per original 
tile  to  create  an  additional  5735  tiles  split  between  the  two  sites. 

Table 1 
Data Augmentations applied to training data.  

Augmentation 

Flip 
Crop 
Contrast Shift 
Translation 
Rotation 

Minimum 

Maximum 

–

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Drone imagery and deep learning for mapping the density of wild Pacific 
oysters to manage their expansion into protected areas

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be any of the mentioned platforms like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF, but it cannot be confirmed from the provided text.