Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Kovalev, V., Kalinovsky, A., Kovalev, S., 2016. Deep Learning with Theano, Torch, Caffe, 
Tensorflow, and deeplearning4j: Which One Is the Best in Speed and Accuracy?. 
Larsen, O., Christensen-Dalsgaard, J., Maxwell, A., Hansen, K., Wahlberg, M., 2017, June 
9. Cormorant audiograms under water and in air. Acoust. Soc. Am. J. 141 (5), 3667. 

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436–444. 
Lodi, G., Aniello, L., Di Luna, G.A., Baldoni, R., 2014. An event-based platform for 

collaborative threats detection and monitoring. Inf. Syst. 39, 175–195. 

Lohr, B., Wright, T.F., Dooling, R.J., 2003, Apr. Detection and discrimination of natural 
calls in masking noise by birds: estimating the active space of a signal. Anim. Behav. 
65 (4), 763–777. Retrieved from.

39, 217–236. 

Elastic, 2012. Elastic Search. https://www.elastic.co/. Accessed: 2018-08-28.  
Elastic, 2016. Kibana. https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana. Accessed: 

2018-08-28.  

Fenno, L., Yizhar, O., Deisseroth, K., 2011. The development and application of 

optogenetics. Annu. Rev. Neurosci. 34. 

Filev, D., Georgieva, O., Angelov, P., Kasabov, N., 2010. An extended version of the 
Gustafson-Kessel algorithm for evolving data stream clustering. In: Evolving 
Intelligent Systems: Methodology and Applications, pp. 273–300. 

Goodwin, N.L., Nilsson, S.R., Golden, S.A., 2020. Rage against the machine: advancing 
the study of aggression ethology via machine learning. Psychopharmacology 1–20. 

Grosenick, L., Marshel, J.H., Deisseroth, K., 2015. Closed-loop and activity-guided 

optogenetic control. Neuron 86 (1), 106–139. 

Gstreamer, 2001. GStreamer. https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/. Accessed: 

2018-08-28.

The tools and methods available for event-stream processing are not 
the focus of this paper but they are increasingly many. Most have been 
developed  for  e-commerce,  monitoring  of  financial  markets  and  IT 
system monitoring but could as well be applied in biology. AWS kinesis 
(Amazon, 2011) and Apache Kibana (Elastic, 2016) give access to state 
of the art machine learning methods for event-stream processing at a 
click  and  mature  querying  languages,  such  as  elasticsearch  (Elastic, 
2012) make advanced data mining available to a much broader group of 
users.

Leveraging machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intel-
ligence for automated annotation and analysis especially requires high 
quality data (Egnor and Branson, 2016). Although automated annota-
tion is widely applied, it is mostly used offline which has the advantage 
that the researcher can assist the algorithms, fine tune parameters and 
oversee that classifications are correct. However, it also limits the op-
tions for data collection and closed loop experimentation. We instead 
propose  to  automatically  annotate  and  analyse  data  online  while  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into sets like train, test, or validation. However, generally speaking, there are several common approaches to splitting datasets for deep learning models.

One popular method is random splitting, where the dataset is randomly divided into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. Typically, the ratio used is 60% for the training set, 20% for the validation set, and 20% for the testing set. This approach assumes that the dataset is representative of the entire population and that each subset contains examples from all classes.

Another method is stratified sampling, which ensures that each subset maintains the same distribution of classes as the original dataset. This method is useful when dealing with imbalanced datasets, where some classes may have significantly fewer samples than others. Stratification helps prevent overfitting on the majority class and improves the overall performance of the model.

Time series data often require a different approach due to their sequential nature. Instead of using random or stratified splits, time series data should be split chronologically. For example, the first 70% of the data can be used for training, the next 15% for validation, and the remaining 15% for testing. This approach preserves the temporal dependencies present in the data and allows the model to learn patterns across time.

In summary, the choice of how to split the data depends on the specific characteristics of the dataset and the problem being addressed. Common approaches include random splitting, stratified sampling, and chronological splitting for time series data.