Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 1 
Sample sizes for training, test, and validation groups for discriminant analysis of 
species and sex.   

Species Discrimination 

Fisher Sex Discrimination  

Marten 
Tracks 

Fisher 
Tracks 

Training 
Validation 
Test 
Total 

82 
43 
42 
167 

184 
92 
91 
367 

Individuals 
Total (Male/ 
Female) 

29 (17/12) 
19 (9/10) 
15 (7/8) 
63 (33/30) 

Tracks 
Total (Male/ 
Female) 

169 (72/97) 
99 (55/44) 
99 (50/49) 
367 (177/190)  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024315J.M. Tucker et al.

camera trap images to create a reference dataset of known species for fisher and marten and known sex for fisher. 
We used FIT to geo-reference 167 marten and 367 fisher tracks (34 males, 27 females) using 7 landmark points 
and then extracted 124 morphometric variables (distances, angles, and areas) for use in identifying species and 
sex for fisher using linear discriminant analyses. Using a single variable, we found species classification accuracy 
>99% in distinguishing fisher from marten. For fisher sex identification our most parsimonious model consisting 
of only 2 variables achieved an accuracy of 94.0% for the training set and 89.4% for the test set. We also report a 
method to quantify classification uncertainty for each track. This method provides a rapid, cost effective, entirely 
non-invasive method to accurately identify sex that can easily be implemented in field studies.

Collecting  data  on  rare  species  that  occur  over  large  areas  can  be 
logistically difficult and expensive, especially at a population scale. In 
such  circumstances  biologists  often  rely  on  non-invasive  sampling 
techniques  such  as  camera  traps,  acoustic  recorders,  non-invasive  ge-
netic  sampling  (scat,  hair,  urine,  feathers)  or  track  collection.  While 
these  methods  provide  a  cost-effective  option  for  species  detection, 
identifying sex can be challenging. For example, determining sex using 
non-invasive genetic samples can be cost-prohibitive, require access to a 
laboratory  for  analysis,  or  be  limited  by  DNA  quantity  and  quality. 
Methods  to  identify  individual  or  sex  from  camera  trap  images  have 
been developed for some species with unique pelage patterns (Rowland 

* Corresponding author at: USDA Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station, 800 East Beckwith Avenue, Missoula, MT 59801, United States of America.

To identify variables with the greatest potential to discriminate be-
tween classes of objects (e.g., species or fisher sex) we used a predictor 
screening analysis that uses bootstrap forest partitioning to evaluate the 
contribution  of  predictors  on  the  response  object.  For  each  response 
object  we  employed  predictor  screening  using  1000  decision  trees  to 
evaluate all 124 potential FIT metrics. We then used the top predictor 
variables to evaluate the dataset for two potential sources of bias, 1) the 
use of mirrored right front tracks instead of only left front tracks (foot 
position  bias)  and  2)  the  potential  for  bias  between  observers  when 
manually  marking  the  landmark  points  in  the  FIT  interface (observer 
bias) which is a somewhat subjective process. Foot position (left-front or 
right-front) of each track was recorded for each track during the feature 
extraction  process.  To  evaluate  observer  bias  we  had  3  different  ob-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study primarily utilizes morphometric variables derived from camera trap images. These variables include distances, angles, and areas, totaling 124 in number. The researchers used these variables for identifying species and sex for fisher using linear discriminant analyses. Therefore, the primary data format used in this deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned but can be inferred as numerical data, likely stored in a structured format like CSV or similar. However, it should be noted that the original source of the data is camera trap images, which could potentially be another data format involved in earlier stages of their pipeline.