Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.6. Training and validation set 

The  study  utilized  a  training-and-test  approach  with  stratification 
splitting. For each setting, 100 different splits to the training-and-test set 
were given. Tuning of the hyperparameter on the training set was done 
for  each  set.  This  was  followed  by  model  training  using  an  optimal 
setting of the hyperparameter. 

2.7. Regression models 

Four methods were used to model forest AGB in the study: AdaBoost, 
random  decision  forest  (RF),  multilayer  neural  network  (NET),  and 
Bayesian ridge regression (Bayes).

In  recent  years,  nonparametric  machine  learning  models  have 
become  predominant  for  quantifying  forest  biomass  within  a  space 
based  on  ALS  data  (Ali  et  al.,  2015;  Zhang  et  al.,  2019).  Machine

Xue, B., 2015. Lidar and machine learning estimation of hardwood forest biomass in 
mountainous and bottomland environments. In: Theses and Dissertations, 1274. 
http://scholarworks.uark.edu/etd/1274. 

Wu, C., Shen, H., Shen, A., Deng, J., Gan, M., Zhu, J., Xu, H., Wang, K., 2016. 

Zhang, L., Shao, Z., Liu, J., Cheng, Q., 2019. Deep learning based retrieval of forest 

Comparison of machine-learning methods for above-ground biomass estimation 
based on Landsat imagery. J. Appl. Remote. Sens. 10, 035010 https://doi.org/ 
10.1117/1.JRS.10.035010. 

aboveground biomass from combined LiDAR and Landsat 8 data. Remote Sens. 11 
(12), 1459. 

EcologicalInformatics70(2022)10175412

EcologicalInformatics70(2022)1017547O. Brovkina et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Fig. 8. Box-and-whisker plot for model score and field AGB reference method: LAGBr (live AGB with regeneration), LAGBw (live AGB without regeneration), TAGBr 
(total  AGB  with  regeneration),  TAGBw  (total  AGB  without  regeneration).  Box-and-whisker  plot  for  model  score  and  machine-learning  methods:  AdaBoostReg 
(AdaBoost regression), Bayes (Bayesian ridge regression), RFR (random decision forest), NET (multilayer neural network). Horizontal green line is the median. Green 
triangles are mean values. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the provided context to determine what specific process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model. The context only mentions four methods used to model forest AGB, including AdaBoost, random decision forest (RF), multilayer neural network (NET), and Bayesian ridge regression (Bayes). However, it does not provide any details about how these models were deployed or serialized after being trained. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based solely on the given context.