Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection

Huang, X., Han, X., Ma, S., Lin, T., Gong, J., 2019. Monitoring ecosystem service change 
in the City of Shenzhen by the use of high-resolution remotely sensed imagery and 
deep learning. Land Degrad. Dev. 30, 1490–1501. 

Jiang, L., Jiapaer, G., Bao, A., Li, Y., Guo, H., Zheng, G., Chen, T., De Maeyer, P., 2019. 
Assessing land degradation and quantifying its drivers in the Amudarya River delta. 
Ecol. Indic. 107. 

Kavian, A., Azmoodeh, A., Solaimani, K., 2014. Deforestation effects on soil properties, 

runoff and erosion in northern Iran. Arab. J. Geosci. 7, 1941–1950. 

Kopittke, P.M., Menzies, N.W., Wang, P., McKenna, B.A., Lombi, E., 2019. Soil and the 

intensification of agriculture for global food security. Environ. Int. 132.

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102484. 

This study has certain limitations. Since the amount of data publicly 
provided  by  the HWSD  was small, and  the fact  that the  geographical 
detector required a large size of geographic samples (Feng et al., 2021). 
In future research on soil degradation, data from the Basic Soil Property 
Dataset  of  High-resolution  China  Soil  Information  Grids  (Feng  and 
Ganlin, 2021) and HWSD should be processed jointly to improve tem-
poral and spatial accuracy. Moreover, vegetation degradation (Wu et al., 
2022) and soil degradation research should be combined to establish a 
long-term land resource evaluation system for different land-use types in 
HN. 

5. Conclusions

the 

larger

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of high-resolution remotely sensed imagery and deep learning for monitoring ecosystem service changes in the city of Shenzhen (Huang et al., 2019). In general, common data augmentation techniques used in deep learning pipelines include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shifting images. These techniques help increase the diversity of training datasets and prevent overfitting. Nevertheless, without explicit mention in the provided context, we cannot confirm which specific data augmentation techniques were employed in this case.