Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027032Y. Guan et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 1. Sampling sites in the Erhai watershed, Yunan Province, China. EH: Lake Erhai, located in Dali, Yunnan Province, China’s seventh-largest freshwater lake; 
CBH: Lake Cibi, one of the upstream inflows of Lake Erhai as the major source; XH: Lake Xihu, the plateau freshwater lake located between EH and CBH. The red 
crosses represent the sampling sites. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

complexity of CDOM, the concentration of CDOM was expressed using 
the  absorption  coefficient  at  254  nm  (Song  et  al.,  2019;  Wei  et  al., 
2019a).

Due  to  the  increased  complexity  of  the  interactions  between  vari-
ables,  the  selection  of  important  variables  becomes  challenging.  The 
LASSO model was used for variable selection and statistical regulariza-
tion to enhance the prediction accuracy of the model (Mukherjee et al., 
2019). This model states that the impact of nutrient and environmental 
factors on FDOM varies with trophic state. Previous research conducted 
on the Inner Mongolia Plateau has validated the strong positive corre-
lations between the optical properties of DOM and the TSI, suggesting 
that  DOM  is  influenced  by  nutrient  variation  (Wen  et  al.,  2016). 
Regardless of the trophic state, pH consistently correlates with FDOM, 
with the highest pH values found under light-eutrophic conditions. Prior 
research indicated that pH significantly influences DOM photolysis rates 
and absorbance (Timko et al., 2015). pH is also the environmental driver

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10270361.52.02.53.0MesotrophicLight−eutrophicMiddle−eutrophicFn355MesotrophicLight−eutrophicMiddle−eutrophic0255075100MesotrophicLight−eutrophicMiddle−eutrophicY. Guan et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Spectral characteristics of dissolved organic matter in Plateau Lakes: 
Identifying eutrophication indicators in Southwest China

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain any details about a deep learning pipeline or its associated data repository link. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.