Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Halgamuge et al. (2020) focused on utilizing deep learning to esti-
mate the best optimizer selection methods for wildfire event predictions 
in Australia. They developed an algorithm to collect the data automat-
ically and analyzed six different optimizer models using deep learning 
technology. They concluded that this approach could predict a natural 
disaster, including wildfire events, by investigating historical environ-
mental  conditions  before  and  after  wildfires  occurred  using  the  deep 
learning methodology. Dowdy (2020) focused on demonstrating a sea-
sonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia. This 
measured  spatio-temporal  variations  and  seasonality  across  several 
datasets  and  utilized  this  methodology  to  predict  wildfire  events, 
focusing on the seasonal predictions using the 2019–2020 wildfire sea-
son  as  an  example  and  measuring  long-term  predictions.  Coen  et  al.

1. Introduction

reports, Royal Commission reports and environmental expert knowledge 
(Bureau of Meteorology, 2022; Royal Commission into National Natural 
Disaster  Arrangements,  2020;  Tasmanian  Fire  Service,  Tasmanian 
Government, 2020).

Arain, M.A., Xu, B., Brodeur, J.J., Khomik, M., Peichl, M., Beamesderfer, E., Thorne, R., 
2022. Heat and drought impact on carbon exchange in an age-sequence of temperate 
pine forests. Ecol. Process. 11 (1), 1–18. 

Australian Bureau of Meteorology, 2022. Bushfire Weather. Understanding Fire Weather, 
Australia’s Fire Weather Seasons. Retrieved online on 6th of February. http://www. 
bom.gov.au/weather-services/fire-weather-centre/bushfire-weather/index.shtml. 

Aybar, C., Wu, Q., Bautista, L., Yali, R., Barja, A., 2020. Rgee: an R package for 
interacting with Google earth engine. J. Open-Sour. Softw. 5 (51), 2272. 
Bradley, J.R., Holan, S.H., Wikle, C.K., 2020. Bayesian hierarchical models with 
conjugate full-conditional distributions for dependent data from the natural 
exponential family. J. Am. Stat. Assoc. 115 (532), 2037–2052. 

Brainard, J., Burmaster, D.E., 1992. Bivariate distributions for height and weight of men

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers by Halgamuge et al. (2020) and Dowdy (2020) focus on utilizing deep learning for wildfire event predictions in Australia but do not explicitly mention any specific data augmentation techniques used in their respective studies. Data augmentation is a strategy employed during model training to increase the amount of available training data without actually collecting new data. Commonly used data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shearing images. However, these techniques may vary depending on the type of dataset being used. In the case of wildfire event predictions, it might involve manipulating satellite imagery or other relevant datasets. Unfortunately, based on the given information, I cannot provide specific details about the data augmentation techniques used in these studies.