Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Benkendorf, D.J., Hawkins, C.P., 2020. Effects of sample size and network depth on a 
deep learning approach to species distribution modeling. Eco. Inform. 60, 101137. 
Bicudo, T., Llusia, D., Anci˜aes, M., Gil, D., 2023. Poor performance of acoustic indices as 
proxies for bird diversity in a fragmented Amazonian landscape. Eco. Inform. 77, 
102241. 

Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 45 (1), 5–32. 
Brown, A., Garg, S., Montgomery, J., 2019. Automatic rain and cicada chorus filtering of 

bird acoustic data. Appl. Soft Comput. 81, 105501. 

Brumm, H., 2006. Signalling through acoustic windows: nightingales avoid interspecific 
competition by short-term adjustment of song timing. J. Comp. Physiol. A. 192, 
1279–1285.

over which the quality measures and results fail to continue improving. 
Benkendorf and Hawkins (2020), analyzing the effect of sample size on 
deep neural networks, similarly concluded that by increasing the num-
ber of hidden layers, which can be interpreted as adding more training 
recordings in our software, the neural network can largely improve the 
performance of the model.

All the parameters used for all the recognizers are shown in Table S2. 

2.6. Data analysis: Target set 

The analyses of the target set aimed to detect possible differences 
among the software programs in evaluating the results with regard to 
two different aspects: (1) the possibility that different habitats produce 
more or fewer song detections per day and (2) the possibility that great 
tits in different habitats have different times of vocal activity, regardless 
of the total number of songs. Given that the days and sites used to obtain 
the  data  for  the  training  and  target  sets  were  the  same  for  all  three 
software programs, any differences among the software programs must 
be exclusively due to differences or biases in their detection patterns. On 
the other hand, for the general comparison of the software, we measured 
the  time  each  software  spent  on  analyzing  the  entire  target  dataset 
(32,640 recordings).

of the recognizer, we chose the optimal cut-off thresholds (in the case of 
identical F-scores, we used the mean of the thresholds); (4) we ran a 
random forest model using the best replicate and threshold on the test 
set and evaluated its performance; and (5) we implemented the same 
recognizer and threshold to the target set to obtain biologically relevant 
data.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. The only related piece of information is from Benkendorf and Hawkins (2020), who analyzed the effects of sample size and network depth on a deep learning approach to species distribution modeling. They found that increasing the number of hidden layers improved the performance of the model. However, this does not directly address the specific hyperparameters mentioned in the query. Therefore, based on the provided context, it is not possible to determine the exact hyperparameters used in the deep learning model.