Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Data pre-processing 

2.2. Convolutional neural networks 

The  idea  behind  convolutional  neural  networks  (CNNs)  was  first 

As mentioned in the previous sections, the data is first split up into 
several  larger  blocks,  depending  on  coordinates,  with  the  purpose  to 
cross validate the model. These blocks are then split into many smaller 
areas of 80 × 80 pixels, due to limitations in the available amount of 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015572N. Ståhl and L. Weimann

2.5. Data post-processing 

Some post-processing is required to transform the result of the CNN 
into an easy accessible GIS-resource. This is primarily done to produce 
and refine the material covering southern Sweden, as well as making it 
easily  accessible  for  further  analyses.  This  process  consists  of  several 
steps. In the first step, the pixel predictions from the CNN are rounded, 

so all predictions with predicted value larger than 0.5 are considered as 
wetlands  and  all  predictions  below  are  non-wetlands.  This  creates  a 
raster over the whole map, where each pixel is either deemed to be part 
of a wetland or not. The next step is to convert this raster representation 
into a vector representation, to enable further analyses. This conversion 
is  also  conducted  to  minimise  storage  space  and  making  it  easier  to 
distribute.

A 10-fold cross validation is performed in order for the result to be 
generalizable for the remaining maps, to which the CNN is also applied. 
To create the 10 different sets for the cross validation, we split the map 
by placing a 3 × 3 grid over the map. The region that is studies is not 
shaped  as  a  square,  and  the  central  cell  contains  more  area  than  the 
other 8. This cell is, therefore, split into two cells making it 10 sets in 
total. The division of the different sets are shown in Fig. 2. During the 
training of the CNN 9 of these sets are used for the training and the final 
one is used for evaluation. A challenge to the CNN is that the terrain 
differs in the different areas, as well as the style of the maps, and thus 
splitting the dataset in this way would give a good hint on the capability 
of  the  CNN  to  generalise.  Among  the  samples  that  are  used  for  the 
training  20%  is  used  as  a  validation  set  to  prevent  the  method  from

presented by Fukushima and Miyake (1982) but the big breakthrough 
came some years later when Krizhevsky et al. (2012) won the Imagenet 
competition, which is a competition focusing on object recognition in 
images.  CNNs are  a  special type of artificial neural networks and  are 
inspired by the receptive fields of the human visual system. The core 
strength of CNNs are their shift invariant property that allow them to 
detect a specific pattern in grid-like topologies, for example in an image, 
independently of the position of the said pattern.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention what kind of input format is used for the deep learning pipeline. However, since the authors discuss using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which are typically used for processing images, it can be inferred that the input format is likely related to images. Furthermore, the authors describe splitting the data into blocks and areas of 80x80 pixels, which supports the assumption that they work with image data. Therefore, based on the given information, it appears that the deep learning pipeline uses image data as its input format.