Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In terms of overall metrics, ConvNeXt obtained the highest accuracy 
(79.58%) which supposed an increase of around 2% when compared to 
the best results of Section 4.2.1 (77.18% for Swin). Moreover, if we focus 
on  the  class-wise  metrics,  the  FPR  values  for  the  larger  classes

to practical ecological applications. In particular, it is crucial to provide 
results  that  indicate  how  useful  the  trained  networks  would  be  in 
practical  scenarios.  This  can  be  very  challenging  due  to  the  ease  of 
obtaining high values of commonly used metrics, such as classification 
accuracy, that do not always represent the whole picture missing some 
subtle errors on important species as detailed above.

3.3. Automatic image processing using DL 

In this section we described the methodology we used to integrate DL 
models into our study. As this is the core technology of our automatic 
framework, we also provide detailed explanations on the metrics used to 
evaluate the results of the whole study. 

3.3.1.

Image classification using deep learning

In order to provide context for our results, we compare our results to 
those of other studies. While direct metric comparison is inadequate due 
to problem and methodological differences we focus on general trends in 
commonly  reported  metrics.  The  first  trend  is  the  high  classification 
accuracy  values  for  DL  models  in  problems  of  ecological  interest. 
Perhaps tellingly, higher values have been reported for simpler problems 
involving single plant species with salient characteristics. For example, 
98.10% (Cabezas et al., 2020) for a ResNet50 network when detecting 
an  invasive  blueberry  species  with  a  bright  red  color  in  a  wetland 
ecosystem,  or  77%  (raising  to  97.80%  with  non-DL  false  positive 
reduction techniques) when detecting the bright white flower petals of 
an endangered species (Shirai et al., 2020; Shirai et al., 2022). These two 
examples  illustrate  how  DL  networks  are  very  effective  at  detecting

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions several metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. One of these metrics is classification accuracy, which measures the proportion of correct predictions out of the total number of instances. The text notes that high values of classification accuracy can sometimes give an overly optimistic view of the model's performance, since they may miss subtle errors on important species. Another metric mentioned is False Positive Rate (FPR), which measures the proportion of negative instances incorrectly classified as positive. The text indicates that FPR was used to evaluate the performance of the model on larger classes. However, the text does not mention any other specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model.