Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

Heumann, B.W., Hackett, R.A., Monfils, A.K., 2015. Testing the spectral diversity 

hypothesis using spectroscopy data in a simulated wetland community. Ecol. Inform. 
25, 29–34. 

Hoffr´en, R., Lamelas, M.T., de la Riva, J., Domingo, D., Montealegre, A.L., García- 

Martín, A., Revilla, S., 2023. Assessing gedi-nasa system for forest fuels classification 
using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 116, 103175. 
Huang, H., Gong, P., Cheng, X., Clinton, N., Li, Z., 2009. Improving measurement of 

forest structural parameters by co-registering of high resolution aerial imagery and 
low density lidar data. Sensors 9 (3), 1541–1558. 

Kacic, P., Hirner, A., Da Ponte, E., 2021. Fusing sentinel-1 and-2 to model gedi-derived 
vegetation structure characteristics in gee for the paraguayan chaco. Remote Sens. 
13 (24), 5105. 

Kacic, P., Kuenzer, C., 2022. Forest biodiversity monitoring based on remotely sensed

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

R package “caret”) using the parameters that showed the highest good-
ness  of  fit  (R2)  and  lower  root  mean  square  error  (RMSE)  and  mean 
absolute error (MAE) at the point 2. The cross-validation was tested with 
a single linear regression (HH vs tree species diversity indices) and with 
a multiple linear regression (HH vs species diversity  + canopy cover  +
forest density -number of trees-). Finally, we visually show our best re-
sults in order to have a clear comparison between the best-performing 
GEDI CHM, the calculated HH (mapped using the rasterdiv R package 
Rocchini et al., 2021), and the tree species diversity.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit details about the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, or validation sets. However, it mentions that a cross-validation analysis was performed separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein (Germany), and then in all 130 plots combined. This suggests that the data might have been divided based on geographical location or plot number. Additionally, the text refers to testing the approach with a single linear regression and a multiple linear regression, which could imply that different subsets of the data were used for these tests. Nonetheless, without more detailed information, it is impossible to definitively state the exact criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training.