Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

6. Discussion

As described above, only 8 of the describing variables were adopted 
for the next tested model. In the M5 model, the alternative YNG_PCT was 

Fig. 10. W* parameters values in MLR M1, M2 and M3 models.  

Fig. 11. W* parameters values in MLR M4 model.  

Fig. 12. W* parameters values in MLR M5 model.  

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)10128410P.A. Kowalski et al.

3. Materials and methods 

This section presents the tools and statistical models used to analyse 
the dependencies in this article. The first tool that was helpful in pre- 
processing  the  data  was  standardization  (Williamson  and  Piattoeva, 
2019). This is a kind of normalization that allows changing the scope of 
individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical 
range. It should be emphasized here that this transformation preserves 
the distance relations between individual data. Thus, suppose one have a 
set of records xj ∈ ℝn, j = 1, …, m where n is the number of features. For 
each element j = 1, …, m, the variables are transformed as follows: 

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1012844P.A. Kowalski et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

1. Introduction

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The materials and methods section describes the use of standardization for pre-processing the data before applying it to the statistical models. However, there is no information about any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, or confusion matrix. Therefore, based on the given context, I do not know what postprocessing steps are involved after the model training.