Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Pre-training on the both ResNet50 (He et al., 2016) and Inception 
(Szegedy et al., 2014) neural networks did not meaningfully improve 
classification performance, therefore this simpler architecture, similar to 
those implemented by (Ruff et al., 2020; Sprengel et al., 2016) was used 
instead. 

2.6. Generating prediction record

2.4.1. Training database assembly 

To assemble a training database, three randomly selected days from 
each month of the calendar year (see Table 1) were selected for anno-
tation. Select spectrogram images were manually labeled via visual in-
spection by two trained graduate students into a set of sound categories 
that evolved as the year progressed. On average, around 60 images could 
be  annotated  per  minute,  which  corresponds  to  8  min  of  audio  data. 
Therefore,  annotating  every  single  spectrogram  from  a  single  day 
(10,800 images) would take 3 h. Assembling the training database took 
less time in practice because only 10–15% of the spectrograms from each 
of the selected days were actually annotated (many spectrograms which 
contained only background noise were simply not needed). 

In total, this database consists of over 40 k images of bio-, anthro- 
and  geophonies.  The  full  contents  of  the  database  are  presented  in 
Table 2.

2.6. Generating prediction record 

After  neural  network  training  and  validation,  predictions  for  the 
entire  unvalidated  recording  period  were  generated.  Specifically,  for 
each of the five training folds, a single prediction for every 8 s-interval 
was made for the duration of the year. The five prediction records that 
resulted were then averaged together to create a single prediction re-
cord.  To  summarize  this  data  more  succinctly,  these  8  s-interval  pre-
dictions were then aggregated into hourly prediction records, containing 
the number of instances that each particular sound stimuli was predicted 
per  hour.  This  record  was  normalized  by  the  number  of  8-s  intervals 
actually recorded during that hour, to account for the possibility that 
missing audio data would render a given prediction record artificially 
low. 

2.7. Collecting weather data

Transfer learning, where a model pre-trained on one dataset is re- 
trained  to  classify  a  similar  datset,  is  one  convenient  approach  to 
effectively  utilize  the  power  of  CNNs.  Well-known  pre-trained  archi-
tectures such as Inception, MobileNet, and Resnet50 have recently been 
used with great success for the classification of birds in soundscape re-
cordings (Florentin et al., 2020; He et al., 2016; Howard et al., 2017; 
Incze et al., 2018; LeBien et al., 2020; Sevilla and Glotin, 2017; Szegedy 
et  al.,  2014).  Such  networks  are  typically  pre-trained  on  large  image 
databases such as ImageNet, which contains over one million samples 
distributed across 1000 classes (Deng et al., 2009). However, in cases 
where  targeting  foreground  species  is  the  main  task,  or  with  more 
acoustically sparse soundscapes, CNN architectures with far fewer (<10) 
convolutional layers have proven more than sufficient, and indeed, may

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: After the neural network was trained and validated using the assembled training database consisting of over 40k images of biophony, anthropophony, and geophony, predictions for the entire unvalidated recording period were generated. For each of the five training folds, a single prediction was made for every 8-second interval throughout the year. These predictions were then averaged together to form a single prediction record. To simplify the data further, these 8-second interval predictions were aggregated into hourly prediction records, indicating the number of times each specific sound stimulus was predicted per hour. This record was normalized based on the actual number of 8-second intervals recorded during that hour to account for any missing audio data that might cause an artificially low prediction record. Unfortunately, the text does not provide information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model, including details like model serialization or platform selection.