Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Too many candidates: Embedded covariate selection procedure for species 
distribution modelling with the covsel R package

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020805A. Adde et al.

2. We introduce a two-step “embedded” covariate selection procedure aimed at optimizing the pre-
dictive ability and parsimony of species distribution models fitted in a context of high-dimensional 
candidate covariate space. The procedure combines a collinearity-filtering algorithm (Step A) with 
three  model-specific  embedded  regularization  techniques  (Step  B),  including  generalized  linear 
model with elastic net regularization, generalized additive model with null-space penalization, and 
guided regularized random forest.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to this query based on the given context. However, it would be best to check the authors' or publishers' websites or search online platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket using relevant keywords such as 'covsel R package','species distribution modeling', or 'embedded covariate selection'.

Answer:::