Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Flexible data scaling is challenging not only because data may sub-
stantially differ across sensors in terms of spatial and temporal charac-
teristics, but also because EOS data acquisition often includes hundreds 
or even thousands of scenes to process. Despite the promising possibility 
to  collect  multi-sensor  multi-temporal  time  series  spanning  decades, 
sequential process steps of such EOS big data are only possible through 
advanced frameworks and enhanced computational power (Ma et al., 
2015). In this direction, online data repositories and cloud computing 
platforms  (e.g.  Google  Earth  Engine;  GEE;  Gorelick  et  al.,  2017)  are 
progressively  providing  a  compelling  solution,  given  their  ever- 
increasing  capacity  to  store  data  from  multiple  satellites,  combined 
with big data fast computation (Gorelick et al., 2017; Ma et al., 2015). In 
particular,  the  GEE  platform  has  witnessed  a  significant  increase  in

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

agriculture  and  forestry  (Atzberger,  2013),  as  well  livestock  biomass 
consumption (Ali et al., 2016), soil and vegetation condition, moisture 
content and water bodies, among others (Ali et al., 2016; Henderson and 
Lewis, 2008; Silva et al., 2008) (Anthropogenic Domain; Fig. 3).

the 

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102502. 

References 

Ali, I., Cawkwell, F., Dwyer, E., Barrett, B., Green, S., 2016. Satellite remote sensing of 

grasslands: from observation to management. J. Plant Ecol. 9 (6), 649–671. 

Amani, M., Ghorbanian, A., Ahmadi, S.A., Kakooei, M., Moghimi, A., Mirmazloumi, S.M., 
et al., 2020. Google earth engine cloud computing platform for remote sensing big 
data applications: a comprehensive review. IEEE J. Select. Top.Appl. Earth Observat. 
Remote Sens. 13, 5326–5350. 

Atzberger, C., 2013. Advances in remote sensing of agriculture: context description, 

existing operational monitoring systems and major information needs. Remote Sens. 
5 (2), 949–981.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions the use of Google Earth Engine (GEE) platform for storing data from multiple satellites and performing big data fast computation. Therefore, based on the available information, we cannot definitively state that the deep learning model was deployed using any particular platform like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.