Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

all  based  on  the  lower  level  representations  learned  in  previous 
layers. These  models  are  completely  trainable  from  data,  usually 
in a supervised fashion, such that the learning algorithm (usually 
stochastic  gradient  decent),  is  told  what  the  desired  output  is  for 
each input data sample.

analysts.  Second,  using  machine  learning  (ML)  techniques,  such 
as  deep  learning  (DL),  we  progressively  train  computational 
models  to  detect  and  classify  events  of  interest,  and  reduce  the 
amount of wildlife data reviewed by human analysts by orders of 
magnitude.

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

DL  grew  out  of  the  fields  of  representation  learning,  neural 
networks,  and  computational  neuroscience.  It  employs  trainable 
computational  models  composed  of  a  potentially  large  stack  of 
processing layers. Each layer learns a more abstract representation 
of  the  data  based  on  the  more  elementary  representation  in  the 
previous  layer.  For  instance,  in  image  recognition,  the  first  layer 
commonly  represents  any  image  by  its  low  level  visual  features 
such as local edges or gradients. Subsequent layers can be seen to 
combine these low level features in various combinations to form 
corners or textures. In the deepest layers, semantic representations 
are  formed  related  to  the  specific  task  at  hand.  For  example,  in 
face  recognition,  there  forms  a  representation  of  eyes  and  noses, 
and then combinations of those in various geometric relationships,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model. However, it mentions that stochastic gradient descent is commonly used as the learning algorithm. This could imply that the learning rate might be one of the hyperparameters used in this case. Other common hyperparameters include batch size, number of epochs, weight decay, momentum, etc. But without further details, I cannot confirm which specific hyperparameters were used in their deep learning model.