Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

models  can  extract  complex  image  features  and  project  them  into  a 
latent space representation to produce an image classification based on 
these features. To achieve a suitable biocrust coverage estimation, one 
needs to classify every pixel of an image at the highest possible accuracy. 
This pixel-wise classification is called semantic segmentation. Various 
neural  network  architectures  like  UNet  (Ronneberger  et  al.,  2015)  or 
DeepLabV3  (Chen  et  al.,  2017)  were  developed  for  semantic  image 
segmentation (Minaee et al., 2021).

function to ignore a certain class. These annotations are made manually, 
using special software, and consume large amounts of time. For model 
development  there  are  many  well  established  collections  of  image 
datasets for the training and evaluation of the models, such as ImageNet

Neural  networks  can  be  trained  in  a  supervised,  semi-supervised 
(Chen  et  al.,  2021;  Zhao  et  al.,  2020)  or  unsupervised  (Harb  and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019) way. When it comes to supervised 
learning (Deng et al., 2009; Minaee et al., 2021), the models are typi-
cally  trained with a  huge amount of  training data. This  training  data 
consist of input and target image pairs, where the input image describes 
the image that is supposed to be classified and the target image describes 
the  corresponding  classes  (labels).  For  semantic  image  segmentation, 
the  target  image  consists  of  a  fully  labeled  image,  which  means  that 
every single pixel of the training image is assigned to a certain class. In 
some cases, parts of the image that have no influence on the specific task 
can  be  ignore  by  the  model  (overexposed,  underexposed  or  blurred 
parts, unimportant parts etc.). This can be done by adjusting the loss

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is semantic image segmentation. Semantic image segmentation involves classifying each pixel of an image into a particular category or class. It aims to provide a high level of accuracy in identifying different objects within an image. Neural network architectures such as UNet and DeepLabV3 have been developed specifically for this task. These models are typically trained using supervised learning techniques, requiring a significant amount of labeled training data consisting of input images and their corresponding target images. Target images for semantic segmentation contain labels for every single pixel, assigning each pixel to a specific class. In some instances, irrelevant portions of the image may be ignored during the modeling process.