Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255512L. Tuoku et al.

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Study area 

◦
31′ to 53

◦
33′ to 135

◦
Our study area is across the entire China (i.e. from 3

ps://www.esrl.noaa.gov/gmd/ccgg/trends/).

Since 2000, the effect of human activities on NDVI has intensified 
nationwide. In several areas, the average impact is >30%, and human 
activities in most areas act as a positive role to increase local vegetation 
coverage.  The  area  that  mostly  affected  by  human  activities  is  the 
middle reaches of the Yellow River, and human activities have promoted 
the growth of vegetation in this region. The primary reason is due to the 
grain-for-green  program  effectively  implemented  in  this  region  since 
1999, consequently, annual sediment yields that Yellow River delivered 
to marine sink reduced from 1.6 billion tons to the present 140 million 
tons.  The  Green-for-Grain  Project  significantly  increased  vegetation 
cover and restored the ecological function across the Loess Plateau (Liu 
et  al.,  2018).  Vegetation  coverage  in  hilly  and  gully  areas  has  been 
significantly improved, and a huge number of soil and water conserva-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the location or availability of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, I cannot determine where the code repository is located or if it is publicly accessible on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. Please refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly for more details regarding the code repository.