Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

ables  over  time.  However,  the  highly  detailed  modeling  of  physical 
processes also brings significant data requirements, including detailed 
meteorological,  soil,  and  vegetation  data,  as  well  as  substantial 
computational costs. This can make energy balance models impractical

in  order  to  evaluate  outcomes  of  proposed  management  schemes,  a 
prerequisite to the supply of environmental flows (Poff et al., 2010). In 
short, effective environmental water management requires the ability to 
map  a  given  set  of  environmental  flows  to  an  ecological  response 
accurately. 

1.1. Empirical approaches and the natural flow regime 

Quantifying the deviations from the natural flow regime of a river is 
a reliable approach to modeling the health of reliant ecosystems (Guo 
et al., 2023). This approach to ecological modeling relies on establishing 
relationships between flow characteristics or hydrological metrics and 
biological indicators (Jiang and Chui, 2022). The results from hypoth-
esis testing often inform these relationships as well as specific targets, 
which  management  authorities  strive  to  meet  in  order  to  maintain 

* Corresponding author at: CSIRO Environment, GPO Box 1700, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention any specific deep learning model such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers being used in the pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which type of deep learning model is utilized based solely on this information.