Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We  classified  all  the  input  dataset combinations  (10  variable  sets; 
Table  2)  with  each  classifier  (RF,  SVM,  MARS)  and  with  two  sets  of 
classes (7C and 13C); thus, we had 60 models as a result of the classi-
fications. Classifications and hyperparameter tuning were conducted in 
R  4.2  (R  Core  Team,  2023)  with  the  caret  package  (Kuhnaut  et  al., 
2022). 

2.4. Accuracy assessment

Staiano, 2019). Training data augmentation, which extends the existing 
training  data,  enhances  the  generalization  capabilities  (Lik´o  et  al., 
2023). Post-classification, generally segmentation, and filtering gener-
ally  provide  better  maps  with  a  lower  rate  of  salt-and-pepper  errors 
(Ahmed et al., 2017). We can also deal with the characteristics of the 
geometry of the training data, excluding outliers, refining the training 
samples, or changing the proportion of the training and test data. These 
strategies collectively improve classification accuracy, enabling better 
modelling of the environment.

Thirty models of the 10 input datasets with three classifiers revealed 
that the best five medians belonged to the SVM and RF, while the MARS 
was only ranked 6th (7C) and 10th (13C) (Fig. 6). The best OAs were 
96.1% (7C) and 85.4% (13C), and the model performance also depended 
on the input datasets, while the best accuracy of 7C was obtained with 
the RFE variable selection dataset. In the case of 13C, it required the use 
of  all  variables;  nevertheless,  the  RFE  dataset  ensured  only  slightly 
(1.1%)  worse  OA.  Regarding  the  minimum  OAs,  RF  (with  the  RFE 
dataset)  provided  3.8%  better  results  than  the  SVM  (with  the  RFE 
dataset; 80.7%) in the case of 7C, and we experienced the same in the 
case of 13C, but the difference was only 1.9%. The texture index alone 
was the worst input data, with median OAs of 38.8% and 30.9% (7C and 
13C, respectively), followed by 74.0% and 66.6% for spectral indices,

During  our  work,  we  discovered  several  challenges  in  identifying 
plant  populations  using  remote  sensing  in  the  field.  Moritake  et  al. 
(2024) also faced challenging problems during their studies classifying 
vegetation by human observers versus deep learning classifiers, in our 
results we also highlight the importance of involving machine learning 
techniques to gain better accuracy. While it is not difficult to survey and 
assess populations in deeper oligotrophic lakes in cooler climates, where 
the species and phenology are predominantly monospecific, the situa-
tion is different in shallow and eutrophic water bodies. In these areas, 
the simultaneous presence of several phenophases and numerous other 
plant  species  can result in  large variations  in  plant  populations, even 
within a small area. In their studies Granados et al. (2013) also identified 
different  phenological  stages  of  plant  communities,  however  they

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model used in this study is primarily for classification tasks. Specifically, the researchers employed three types of classifiers - Random Forests (RF), Support Vector Machines (SVM), and Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines (MARS) - to categorize various input datasets into either seven classes (7C) or thirteen classes (13C). This resulted in a total of sixty models being generated from the classifications. The primary goal of these classifications appears to be improving environmental modeling through enhanced identification and understanding of plant populations within specific ecosystems.