Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

landscapes  unit  provision  based  on  expert  data  from  the  literature 
against  those  from  a  field  survey.  Both  models  used  the  Nova  Scotia 
Forest  Ecosystem  Classification  at  10  m  resolution.  The  main  result 
highlighted that the output map informed with field data was 8% more

Based on this evaluation, we performed a cross-comparison based on 
our ApisFis model and validation data. Fig. 17 presents the result of the 
matching comparison for the 12 sites. For each, the field estimations are 
close to the outcome of our model. For sites 2 & 4 & 6 & 8 and 12 the 
outcome  of  the  field  campaign  is,  respectively,  low,  moderate,  and 
suitable. Our model yields very similar results to the field estimations for 
these sites. However, for some sites, the field estimations were higher 
than our model prediction (Sites 1 &  3 and 7) and for other sites, the 
field estimations were lower than the Apis-FIS model outcomes (Sites 5 
& 9 & 10 & 11).

Number of hives 

5 
12 
20 
20 
7 
11 
12 
11 
12 
5 
5  

research teams, etc. with a set of tools to quantify trade-offs associated 
with  different  management  decisions  and  to  identify  areas  where  in-
vestment  in  natural  capital  needs  to  be  accentuated  for  improving 
human development/life and conservation. The toolkit includes various 
ecosystem service models designed for terrestrial, freshwater, marine, 
and  coastal  ecosystems,  as  well  as  pollination  (Bastos  et  al.,  2023; 
Cunningham et al., 2018; Ma and You, 2022; Zhu et al., 2022).

The rules for this Apis-FIS subsystem are: 
IF (LCWTSuit is VL) THEN (ApisSuit is VLS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is L) OR (DistSuit is UP) THEN (ApisSuit is LS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is M) THEN (ApisSuit is MS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is H) OR (DistSuit is AP) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is HS) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
To  implement  our  FIS  models,  we  use  the  fuzzy  logic  toolbox  of 
Matlab 2023b. This toolbox provides large capabilities to choose several 
membership functions and to build any desired set of inference rules. 

Fig. 14. Response surface of LCWTSuit and ApisSuit.  

2.4. Apis-FIS model validation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

From the given context, it appears that the text discusses the application of a model called Apis-FIS for evaluating landscapes. However, there is no explicit mention of a deep learning model or specific measures taken to ensure its generalizability, such as using a diverse dataset, cross-validation, or stratified splitting. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query based on the information available.