Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

are  influencing  the  reproductive  process  ought  to  be  considered.  The 
incorporation  of  covariates  on  the  reproductive  process  requires 
analytical tools beyond the simple description of gonadal development. 
During  the  last  decade  the  application  of  Machine  Learning  (ML) 
techniques has grown in many research areas, serving to model complex 
relationships in ecology, genetics, and climate change (Lindegren et al., 
2020;  Rolnick  et  al.,  2022;  Schrider  and  Kern,  2018;  Smoli´nski  and 
Radtke, 2017). Machine learning algorithms use computational methods 
to  “learn”  directly  from  data  without  relying  on  a  carefully  defined 
function  as  a  model  -  in  contrast  to  a  linear  model  say,  where  the 
function must be made explicit. They are generally predictive models 
and characterised by having few assumptions and little dependency on 
the  classic  statistical  assumptions  of  conventional  models  (e.g.  error

coverage  (Fig.  3).  The  commercial  data  were  obtained  during  eleven 
◦
months  covering  a  spatial  range  between  33
S,  compared  to  the 
◦
S, where sampling 
-42
survey data which covered the area between 29
was concentrated in two months (Figs. 1 and 2). 

-39
◦

◦

distributions,  collinearity).  In  recent  years,  different  algorithms  have 
been successfully applied in fisheries biology, such as Boosted Regres-
sion Trees to assess the relative importance of environmental and har-
vesting  effects  on  herring  growth  (Lyashevska  et  al.,  2020),  as  well 
predicting bycatch on a demersal crustacean fishery in Chile (Montero 
et al., 2020). Random Forest have been applied for stock differentiation 
in pink cusk-eel using morphometric measurements of sagittal otoliths 
(Wiff  et  al.,  2020),  as  well  as  investigating  the  influence  of  environ-
mental and density-dependent factors on the growth of North Sea sprat 
(Lindegren  et  al.,  2020).  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  have  been 
widely applied to analyse salmon scale images for growth determination 
(Vabø et al., 2021). Random Forests (RFs) are one of the most popular 
machine learning techniques for both classification and regression, and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, there isn't any information available regarding the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline within the given context. However, I can provide some general insights into common data augmentation techniques used in deep learning pipelines. These include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, translation, and adding noise.

Flipping involves horizontally or vertically reversing the image along its axis. Rotation entails rotating the image by a certain degree around its center point. Scaling adjusts the size of the image, either increasing or decreasing it. Cropping removes parts of the image to focus on a particular region. Translation shifts the position of the image within the frame. Lastly, adding noise introduces random pixel variations to increase robustness against noisy input.

These techniques help enhance the diversity of training datasets, reduce overfitting, and improve the overall performance of machine learning models. Nonetheless, the choice of technique depends on the nature of the dataset and the problem being addressed.