Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

and tensorflow. https://github.com/matterport/Mask_RCNN. 

Aleklett, K., Kiers, E.T., Ohlsson, P., Shimizu, T.S., Caldas, V.E., Hammer, E.C., 2018. 

Build your own soil: exploring microfluidics to create microbial habitat structures. 
ISME J. 12, 312–319. 

Aleklett, K., Ohlsson, P., Bengtsson, M., Hammer, E.C., 2021. Fungal foraging behaviour 
and hyphal space exploration in micro-structured soil chips. ISME J. 15, 1782–1793. 

Arellano-Caicedo, C., Ohlsson, P., Bengtsson, M., Beech, J.P., Hammer, E.C., 2021. 

Habitat geometry in artificial microstructure affects bacterial and fungal growth, 
interactions, and substrate degradation. Commun. Biol. 4, 1–11. 

Arellano-Caicedo, C., Ohlsson, P., Bengtsson, M., Beech, J.P., Hammer, E.C., 2023. 
Habitat complexity affects microbial growth in fractal maze. Curr. Biol. 33, 
1448–1458.

makes it possible to obtain a more direct microbial community charac-
terization  and  in  the  future  create  big  databases  on  bacterial 
morphology. Cell morphology is not predictable from molecular data-
sets, and combining morphological data from soil chips with classical 
molecular  biodiversity  datasets  will  enable  a  deeper  functional  inter-
pretation of bacterial communities. We demonstrated the applicability 
of an interdisciplinary approach combining microfluidics and AI in mi-
crobial ecology research using a widely used model, Mask R-CNN. The 
synergy of AI and microfluidics allows biologists to design and fabricate 
complex  micro-structures,  visualize  the  activities  of  migrated  active 
microbes, and analyze characteristics of individual or communities in an 
automated manner. The versatility of the algorithm to adapt to different 
microscopy  settings  including  a  portable  field  microscope  allows  to

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Bacterial community characterization by deep learning aided image 
analysis in soil chips 

Hanbang Zou a, *, Alexandros Sopasakis b, François Maillard a, Erik Karlsson a, Julia Duljas a, 
Simon Silwer a, Pelle Ohlsson c, Edith C. Hammer a, 1 
a Biology, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
b Mathematics, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
c Biomedical Engineering, Lund University, Lund, Sweden   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Soil bacterial cell counting 
Segmentation 
Microfluidics 
Microbial image recognition 
Morphological biodiversity 
Bacterial traits

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not explicitly mention which specific deep learning framework was used to build their model. However, one of the references mentioned in the text is about Mask R-CNN, which is an implementation of Region-Based Convolutional Neural Networks (R-CNN) built on top of TensorFlow. Therefore, it can be inferred that TensorFlow might have been used to develop the deep learning model presented in this study.