Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

b)  IFTL Refinement over GRNN and SVR 

In previous results, ELM is chosen as TUR, and IFTL is implemented 
on the ELM predictions to improve its knowledge transfer. Here, GRNN 
and SVR are chosen one by one as a TUR model in the process described 
in Fig. 2. Then, IFTL with the same parameter settings (as was in the case 
of ELM in the previous subsection, where γ = 0.1) is applied over their 
prediction. The improvement of IFTL over these approaches are depicted 
in Fig. 6, where ‘GRNN_IF’  denotes the error in IFTL prediction when 
IFTL  is  implemented,  choosing  GRNN  as  TUR.  Similarly,  ‘SVR_IF’  de-
notes the IFTL error when IFTL is implemented, choosing SVR as TUR. 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022069S. Kumar et al.

Further  discussions  analyze  IFTL  and  FTL  for  their  abilities  to 
improve learning by restricting overconfidence (controlling hesitancy) 
during TL by considering GRNN and SVR as the TUR. Overconfidence in 
ELM,  GRNN,  or  SVR  arises  when  they  make  predictions  on  a  dataset 
(target  domain) that has a huge data distribution difference from the 
source domain data on which they are trained. In this scenario, they just 
use their training experience to make predictions during testing without 
considering the distribution divergence in the testing dataset from the 
training  dataset.  We  conclude  this  section  with  the  execution  time 
analysis of the approaches.  

a)  GDP prediction using only CO2 emission data2

then combined with common latent feature space to generate one latent 
feature space layer. Moreover, to learn the corresponding distributions 
on different layers, multiple layers are generated which learns with their 
pluralism,  simultaneously.  Salaken  et  al.,  (2019)  employed  deep 
learning in which  a small sample of target domain is  used as seed to 
transform  source  domain  dataset.  Sousa  et  al.,  (2020)  proposed  a 
transfer  learning  approach  with  data  augmentation  techniques  for 
wildfire detection to overcome data limitations.

Deng, Z., Choi, Kup-Sze, Jiang, Yizhang, Wang, Shitong, 2014. Generalized hidden- 
mapping ridge regression, knowledge-leveraged inductive transfer learning for 
neural networks, fuzzy systems and kernel methods. IEEE Trans. Cybernetics 44 (12), 
2585–2599. 

Depren, S.K., Kartal, M.T., Çelikdemir, N.Ç., Depren, 

¨
O., 2022. Energy consumption and 

environmental degradation nexus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of fossil 
fuel and renewable energy consumption. Ecol. Inform. 70, 101747. 

Dufourq, E., Batist, C., Foquet, R., Durbach, I., 2022. Passive acoustic monitoring of 

animal populations with transfer learning. Ecol. Inform. 101688. 

Fan, Y., Xiao, F., 2020. TDIFS: two dimensional intuitionistic fuzzy sets. Eng. Appl. Artif. 

Intell. 95, 103882.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific optimization techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) being applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions various machine learning models like Extreme Learning Machine (ELM), General Regression Neural Network (GRNN), Support Vector Regression (SVR), and Transfer Learning (TL). These models can be optimized using different optimization techniques depending on the implementation. For instance, gradient descent algorithms like SGD or Adam could be used to minimize loss functions while training neural network models like GRNN. Nevertheless, based solely on the provided context, we cannot determine which optimization techniques were specifically utilized in the deep learning pipeline.