Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

For this, we obtained ﬁve models by training Inception v.3 on the ﬁve created datasets. Several
studies have shown that increasing the size of the dataset using data augmentation improves the
performance of the CNN-based models [49,50]. These techniques have been proposed to reduce the
requirement of a large dataset for model training [43–45]. We conﬁgured the model parameters by
training the last two fully connected network layers in our dataset using a learning rate of 0.001 and a
decay factor of 16 every 30 epochs. As an optimization algorithm, we used RMSProp with a momentum
of 0.9 and epsilon of 0.1.

Supplementary Materials: The following are available online at http://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/12/3/343/s1,
Figure S1: Number of results in the Google scholar academic search engine. Date of queries, 28 December 2019.
[keyword + deep learning]. Keywords: AlexNet, DenseNet, GoogLeNet, Inception, MobileNet, Resnet, Resnext,
VGG, Xception. Figure S2: Illustration of the diﬀerence between the sampling design strategies, (A) Continuous
and (B) Discrete, including examples of images (0.5 ha) from each class (Three Tree-Cover levels plus the Non-Forest
class) of the training dataset. Image data: Google, Maxar, and NWPU-RESISC45 dataset. Archive S1: Metadata of
FAO’s GDA photointerpreted very high resolution plots (71,135) with zoom 19 in Google Maps. The CVS ﬁle
contains Id, UpperLeft and Downright coordinates, Zoom, Region, Aridity level, Class (Forest/Non-forest), and
Tree cover. Archive S2: Metadata of training dataset of continuous larger sample CNN-based model with very

(1) Database construction phase: ﬁve training datasets were built with examples of images with
diﬀerent levels of tree cover, continuous and discrete approximations, and inclusion of auxiliary
class “Non-Forest” (see Section 2.2 and Supplementary Material, Archive S2).

(2) Training phase: training ﬁve CNN models based on Inception v.3 using two optimization

techniques, transfer learning, and data augmentation (see Section 2.3).

(3) Classiﬁcation phase: classiﬁcation of new 396 images with diﬀerent tree cover in global drylands
(see Supplementary Material, Table S1 and Archive S3) with the built CNN-based model (see
Section 2.4).

(4) Validation phase: assessment of performance on the new images (see Section 2.5).

2.2. Datasets Design

Before building the training datasets for the CNN-based models, we compiled a global database

of very high resolution satellite and aerial RGB images from two sources:

•

•

39.
40.

41.

Cover Classiﬁcation Using Convolutional Neural Networks. Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 274. [CrossRef]
Schmidhuber, J. Deep learning in neural networks: An overview. Neural Netw. 2015, 61, 85–117. [CrossRef]
Szegedy, C.; Vanhoucke, V.; Ioﬀe, S.; Shlens, J.; Wojna, Z. Rethinking the inception architecture for computer
vision. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Las Vegas, NV,
USA, 27–30 June 2016; pp. 2818–2826.
Szegedy, C.; Liu, W.; Jia, Y.; Sermanet, P.; Reed, S.; Anguelov, D.; Erhan, D.; Vanhoucke, V.; Rabinovich, A.
Going Deeper with Convolutions. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern
Recognition (CVPR), Boston, MA, USA, 7–12 June 2015.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study uses five custom datasets created specifically for this research. These datasets contain examples of images with different levels of tree cover, both continuous and discrete approximations, and include an auxiliary class called "Non-Forest." The datasets were designed for training convolutional neural network (CNN)-based models, particularly Inception v.3. Data augmentation was employed to improve the performance of these models. However, no specific mention is made of commonly known datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet.