Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Data model & vocabularies

A conceptual diagram of the many types of data that can be gen-
erated from one fish is shown in Fig. 1. There are 4 parameters of

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

4.4. Image library

Scale and otolith images are used for age and growth estimations. In
IFBA, images are stored in a collaborative online space. The image file
name for any image is the same as the unique archive sample id in the
IFBA database. An example of the data progeny resulting from a fish
scale sample is illustrated in Appendix B. During imaging, the sample id

Formal documentation of process flows is often used in industry to
document logistical pathways and reveal areas where efficiency could
be improved upon. In line with the Marine Institute's Data Management
Quality Management Framework (Leadbetter et al., 2019), to document

4.5. Process flow

4

E. Tray, et al.

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

Fig. 3. A process flow for the scale and otolith CM system.

the procedures involved in storing, uploading metadata, and imaging
samples, a high-level process flow was developed (Fig. 3). The process
flow outlines where the sample metadata is generated, analysed, and
eventually stored. Furthermore, it documents how the physical samples
and digital data are linked. This cross-disciplinary process flow is novel
because it outlines how the operational part (routine sampling of fish
for government mandated stock assessment) of an organization (the
MI), and the research capacity of an organization (imaging and reading
growth on scales and otoliths), can be interlinked. Additionally, the
management of the IFBA dataset follows the procedures and roles
outlined within the MI's Data Management Quality Framework
(Leadbetter et al., 2019).

4.6. FAIR data principles

F3. Metadata clearly and explicitly include the identifier of the
data they describe

F4. (Meta)data are registered or indexed in a searchable resource

Accessible

A1. (Meta)data are retrievable by their identifier using a
standardized communications protocol
A2. Metadata are accessible, even when the data are no longer
available

Interoperable

I1. (Meta)data use a formal, accessible, shared, and broadly
applicable language for knowledge representation.

I2. (Meta)data use vocabularies that follow FAIR principles
I3. (Meta)data include qualified references to other (meta)data

Reusable

R1. Meta(data) are richly described with a plurality of accurate
and relevant attributes

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not directly mention the specific data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on the given context, we can infer that the primary data format used in this case is likely to be images. This is because the text mentions that scale and otolith images are used for age and growth estimations, and these images are stored in a collaborative online space. The image file name for any image is also mentioned to be the same as the unique archive sample ID in the IFBA database. Therefore, it can be assumed that the main data format used in the deep learning pipeline would be images.