Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This is the ﬁrst study to our knowledge to investigate the pheno-
logical features in improving the performance of deep learning. As re-
vealed in our results, we have seen great potential in developing phe-
nological knowledge based deep learning methods. Recent literature
has documented the applications and beneﬁts of deep learning, a new
branch of machine learning, in various ﬁelds (LeCun et al., 2015).
However, it is still a controversial topic whether deep learning is more
suitable than traditional machine learning methods for Landsat image
classiﬁcation (Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Li et al., 2016). Never-
theless, this study aims to evaluate the hypotheses that applying phe-
nological knowledge as input data of deep learning can improve the
performance in the detection of invasive S. alterniﬂora. A comparison
experiment between SAE and SVM with six diﬀerent types of Landsat
images was conducted (see Table 2). The best performance was

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

achieved with Ppf-CM based SAE method, suggesting SAE beneﬁted
more than SVM from combining data in the two phenological stages
using Ppf-CM (Table 4). This was mainly because, compared to the
traditional machine learning method (SVM), deep learning method
(SAE) can easily capture and exploit more complex information with its
deep network structure and strong self-learning ability (Penatti et al.,
2015; Xie et al., 2015).

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Remote Sensing of Environment

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/rse

Development of spectral-phenological features for deep learning to
understand Spartina alterniﬂora invasion
Jinyan Tiana,g, Le Wangb,⁎
Chen Shia, Massimo Menentid,e, Yong Gef, Sheng Nieh, Yang Oue, Xiaonan Songa, Xiaomeng Liua

, Dameng Yinb, Xiaojuan Lia,g, Chunyuan Diaoc, Huili Gonga,g,

T

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, some commonly used techniques to handle data bias include stratified sampling, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection.

Stratified sampling involves dividing the dataset into different subsets or strata based on certain criteria such as class labels, and then randomly selecting samples from each stratum to maintain the original distribution of classes. This technique ensures that all classes are represented proportionally in both training and testing datasets.

Oversampling is another approach where synthetic examples are generated from minority classes to balance the dataset. Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique (SMOTE) is one popular algorithm used for oversampling. It creates new instances by interpolating between existing minority class instances.

Undersampling, on the other hand, reduces the number of majority class instances to match the size of the minority class. Random Under Sampling (RUS) is a simple undersampling technique that removes random instances from the majority class until it matches the size of the minority class.

Finally, collecting diverse data can also help mitigate data bias. Collecting data from multiple sources, geographical locations, demographics, etc., can ensure that the model generalizes well across different scenarios.

These techniques should be applied judiciously depending upon the nature of the problem and the characteristics of the dataset being used.