Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ways  in  which  to  minimize  biased  training  of  machine  learning 
models  with  clustered  data  is  an  outstanding  challenge  (e.g.,  Meyer 
et al., 2018, 2019). We hypothesize that the improvements to predictive 
performance observed here using covariance-weighted bagging may be 
a  result  of  reduced  bias  during  model  training  from  down-weighting 
over-sampled  information,  but  this  was  not  tested  explicitly.  A  suit-
able experiment to explore this topic could simulate a surface from a pre- 
defined combination of response functions to environmental variables, 
and  test  for  the  capacity  to  recover  the  responses  using  covariance 
weighted bagging under various clustering scenarios. Simultaneously, it 
would be informative to observe the automatic variable selection and 
regularization behaviour of the bagging model. 

5. Conclusions

training  (i.e.,  bagging),  then  to  obtain  unbiased  estimates  of  model 
performance  without  omitting  portions  of  the  feature  space  during 
validation. An important note is that the latter procedure also enables 
leveraging of spatial autocorrelation information for model prediction. 
Bagging normally proceeds by drawing many bootstrap samples of 
the data and training models on each, which are aggregated to form an 
ensemble predictor (Breiman, 1996). Individual data points each have 
probability P(si) = 1
n  of being selected during a single draw of a single 
bootstrap sample, where si  is one of n data points distributed over the 
study  area.  Non-independent  data  observations  can  be  considered  as 
partial replication of some information in the modelling dataset. In an 
extreme example, consider two data points at the same location with 
exactly the same environmental measurements. We could conceptualize

Wiener, 2002) with default hyperparameters (number of trees ntree =
500; minimum number of observations in a terminal node nodesize = 5; 
number of variables tried at each split mtry = ⌊Nβ
⌋ = 1, where Nβ = 5 is 
3
the number of predictors). The out-of-bag residuals were obtained by

(Meyer  et  al.,  2018).  Relatedly,  proximal  data  points  omitted  during 
spatial validation, when treated as test data in turn (or at the same time 
with  “leave-cluster-out”  or  “blocking”  approaches),  are  likely  to  be 
predicted using models similar or identical to those trained for neigh-
bouring data points, producing spatially clustered prediction errors that 
are  over-represented  in  the  validation  design.  Over-representation  of 
large predictive errors, which result from the use of a reduced feature 
space during validation, have potential to compound pessimistic vali-
dation bias.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific regularization methods used in the described machine learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the study uses random forest models, which inherently incorporate a type of regularization through their construction. Random forests work by creating multiple decision trees and averaging their predictions, which helps reduce overfitting. This process is known as ensemble learning. Additionally, the study mentions using covariance-weighted bagging, which might imply some form of weight decay or L2 regularization, although this is not explicitly stated. Dropout, another common regularization technique often used in deep learning, is not mentioned in the given context.