Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data sources and pre-processing 

We acquired GF-6 (WFV) data from the China Centre for Resources 
Satellite Data and Application (http://www.cresda.com/CN/) (Table 1). 
The  GF-6  remote  sensing  data  were  preprocessed,  mainly  including 
radiometric  calibration,  atmospheric  correction,  geometric  correction 
and image cropping.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Kun Tan: Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis, Inves-
tigation,  Methodology,  Project  administration,  Resources,  Software, 
Supervision, Validation, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Minxuan  Sun:  Formal  analysis,  Methodology, 
Software.  Danfeng  Sun:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal 
analysis, Methodology, Resources, Supervision. Xiaohuang Liu: Formal 
analysis.  Bin  Wang:  Formal  analysis,  Investigation.  Wenjun  Dou: 
Formal  analysis,  Investigation.  Haiyan  Zhang:  Formal  analysis.  Fei 
Lun:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis,  Funding 
acquisition, Project administration, Writing –  original draft, Writing – 
review & editing. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 

the work reported in this paper.

Advancements  in  bathymetry  retrieval  methods  have  led  to  the 
development  of  various  models,  including  linear  or  nonlinear  regres-
sion, logarithmic ratio transformation, and machine learning techniques 
such  as  CART,  RFR, and  SVM (Ashphaq et  al.,  2021; Cahalane et  al., 
2019; Lyzenga, 1978; Lyzenga et al., 2006). Gabr et al. (2020) utilized a 
linear model to estimate bathymetry and confirmed the equivalence of 
Landsat images to high-resolution PlanetScope (3 m) predictions. Sun 
et al. (2021) applied two regression tree models (CART and Cubist) to 
retrieve  coastal  bathymetry  and  analyze  vertical  water  environment 
information.  Zhang  et  al.  (2019)  employed  the  SVR  (support  vector 
regression) model to provide technical support for bathymetry data in 
Arctic waters. However, despite several studies, the application of CART 
and  RFR  models  in  nearshore  turbid  waters  for  bathymetry  has  been

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Mapping of nearshore bathymetry using Gaofen-6 images for the Yellow 
River Delta-Laizhou Bay, China

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. The text only mentions that the GF-6 (WFV) data was obtained from the China Centre for Resources Satellite Data and Application (<http://www.cresda.com/CN/>), but it does not specify any links to repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information with the given context.