Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the plot. All the data are publicly available on the NEON Data Portal (http://data.neonscience.org/).
All code for this project is available on GitHub (https://github.com/weecology/DeepLidar) and archived
on Zenodo [18].

samples will be needed to customize the model to a local geographic area. In addition, the availability
of hyperspectral data could assist in dividing the ‘tree’ class into multiple species labels. This would
yield additional insights into the economic value, ecological habitat, and carbon storage capacity for
large geographic areas [39]. While further work is needed to understand the best way to combine data
among scales and sensors, we show that deep learning-based approaches hold the potential for large
scale actionable information on natural systems to be derived from remote sensing data.

The challenge for applying deep learning to natural systems is the need for large training datasets.
A lack of training data is a pervasive problem in remote sensing due to the cost of data collection
and annotation [13]. In addition, the spatial extent of training data often prohibits the ﬁeld-based
veriﬁcation of annotated objects. For tree detection, the high variation in tree crown appearance, due
to taxonomy, health status, and human management, increases the risk of overﬁtting when using small
amounts of training data [10]. One approach to addressing the data limitation in deep learning is
“self-supervised learning” (sensus [14]), which uses unsupervised methods to generate training data
that is used to train supervised models [15]. This approach has recently been applied to remote sensing
for hyperspectral image classiﬁcation [9]. Self-supervision, which only relies on unlabeled data, can be

REVIEW 3 of 13   Figure 1. A conceptual figure of the proposed semi-supervised pipeline. A Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR)-based unsupervised detection generates initial training data for a self-supervised (red, green, blue (RGB) deep learning model. The model is then retrained based on a small number of hand-annotated trees to create the full model. 2.1. Study Site and Field Data We used data from the National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON) site at the San Joaquin Experimental Range in California to assess our proposed approach (Figure 2). The site contains an open woodland of live oak (Quercus agrifolia), blue oak (Quercus douglasii), and foothill pine (Pinus sabiniana) forest. The majority of the site is a single-story canopy with mixed understory of herbaceous vegetation.   Figure 2. Map showing the location of the study site in the western United States. Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1309

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code for this project is available on GitHub and can be accessed via the following link: https://github.com/weecology/DeepLidar. Additionally, it has been archived on Zenodo [18], although no direct link was provided in the given context.