Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In general, the limitations of deep learning in comparison to other machine learning methods
are the requirement of large and high-quality training data, as well as hardware limitations related to
GPU computing power. The most notable advantage of deep learning is the grade of automatization
and a high potential to generalize when using large amounts of representative training data, which
might, however, not always be available; especially with respect to ground-truth labels that might be
scarce or not exist at all.. Furthermore, the black-box nature makes these algorithms a good choice for
classiﬁcation as suggested in this study, but a challenge for modeling physical properties, as is often
the case in forestry. This case study relied on high-resolution orthophotos with 20-cm spatial resolution
obtained from an aerial survey. The great advantage of these data is that many details can be detected.

encoding and decoding blocks and are summarized in Table 1. These experiments were monitored
using TensorBoard and validated on the validation portion of the dataset.

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1976

12 of 14

greater than 0.5 ha. As these results also required choosing optimal parameters, the transferability of
the method was somewhat more complex compared to the pretrained U-Net architecture, which can be
applied without tuning additional parameters speciﬁc to the area of interest. An in-depth investigation
of the performance of the proposed architecture on further datasets would be an interesting future
project, especially with respect to the power of generalization, which can be increased by different data
augmentation techniques.

4.2. Limitations of This Study

2.5.1. Encoding Path

The encoding path of our network was composed of three encoding blocks; each block was
composed of a convolutional layer with a ﬁlter of size (3, 3) and a ReLU activation function [32] ,
a dropout layer to force each neuron to learn more than only one feature, a second convolutional layer
followed by ReLU activation, and a max pooling layer with the size (2,2), which replaced each 2 × 2
region on the feature map by the region’s maximum value and thus decreased the size of the feature
map by keeping only the highest values.

2.5.2. Decoding Path

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be possible that the authors did not provide this information in the excerpts shared here. Therefore, I cannot determine if the data repository is available on platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. To find out the exact location of the data repository, it would be necessary to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly.