Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

is an improvement in the previous version by adding an effec-tive decoder module to improve the boundaries of the segmentation results [41]. Further-more, apart from ResNet-101, an Xception model can be used as a feature extractor while applying a depth-wise separable convolution to both ASPP and the decoder module, hence improving the speed and robustness of the encoder-decoder network.  Figure 2. A schematic diagram of a fully convolution neural network for semantic segmentation. The network consists of an encoder part where the model extracts potential useful features and the decoder part, which up-samples the extracted feature map to produce the final segmentation results. 3.2. Phase 2: Leaf Extraction Using Connected Component A classic connected component algorithm was first introduced by Azriel and John in 1966 [42]. Since then, numerous different implementations have been proposed for im-proving existing ones [43]. In image processing, connected components analysis helps to

6 of 23

Figure 2. A schematic diagram of a fully convolution neural network for semantic segmentation. The network consists of
an encoder part where the model extracts potential useful features and the decoder part, which up-samples the extracted
feature map to produce the ﬁnal segmentation results.

kernel to expand without increasing the number of parameters [39]. This expansion of the
window is controlled by the dilation rate and it enables the network to capture information
from a larger receptive ﬁeld of view with the same parameters and computational complex-
ity as the normal convolution. The combination of spatial pyramid pooling with Atrous
convolutions resulted in an efﬁcient multi-scale processing module called Atrous spatial
pyramid pooling (ASPP). In the earlier version (DeepLabV3) [40], the last ResNet block of
the modiﬁed ResNet-101 uses different Atrous convolutions with different dilation rates.
ASPP, together with bilinear up sampling, is also used on top of the modiﬁed ResNet block.
DeepLabv3+ is an improvement in the previous version by adding an effective decoder
module to improve the boundaries of the segmentation results [41]. Furthermore, apart
from ResNet-101, an Xception model can be used as a feature extractor while applying a

as a feature [13]. As the study showed, they require a large training sample to maintain a
good performance of their approach.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit details about the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general practices in machine learning and computer vision, some common ways to collect raw data include using sensors, conducting surveys or experiments, utilizing publicly available datasets, scraping websites, or even generating synthetic data through simulations. For instance, in the field of remote sensing, satellite imagery or drone footage could serve as raw data sources. In this case, we can infer that the input data might consist of images since the text discusses semantic segmentation, a technique often applied to visual data. Nevertheless, without more precise information, it would be speculative to pinpoint the exact method employed for gathering raw data in this particular scenario.