Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

To  better  accommodate  the  needs  of  dive  operators,  while  main-
taining  usability  for  research  and  management,  the  trial  included  a 
query for dive staff to detail how to enhance a future long-term moni-
toring program. Most of the received suggestions were already planned 
to be included in a full-scale monitoring program, although these were 
not yet part of the trial. Frequency maps, such as the one showcased in 
Fig. 1, would allow the dive centre to identify dive sites with the highest 
probability  of  encountering  specific  taxa  or  keep  statistics  about  the 
number of times these taxa have been observed throughout a year. This 
information would benefit the dive centres for marketing purposes, as 
recreational  SCUBA  divers  usually  prefer  areas  where  they  can  see 
charismatic species (Grafeld et al., 2016). The query also confirmed that 
a poster presence for each dive centre with the target taxa that are part

Another example would be to track the abundance and frequency in 
reports  of  B.  scrofa  and  assess  the  efficacy  of  the  measures  recently 
implemented  for  the  protection  of  the  species  (Conselho  do  Governo 
Regional, 2022). This is also the case for other protected and charismatic 
species, such as the dusky grouper E. marginatus, the loggerhead turtle 
C. caretta, the monk seal M. monachus and the seahorse Hippocampus sp. 
Additionally, the app can also be leveraged to keep track of dive activ-
ities, number of divers and dive times enabling an evaluation of SCUBA- 
related ecosystem services.

Overall  results  (Fig.  1)  show  that  respondents  largely  agree  with 
positive  statements  about  the  monitoring  program  and  the  app  (odd- 
numbered  questions)  and  largely  disagree  with  negative  ones  (even- 
numbered  questions).  The  most  positive  feedback  was  received  on 
questions regarding app simplicity, recognition of the monitored species 
and  the  program  bringing  value  to  the  diving  community.  The  least 
positive feedback was regarding the timing and effort spent on post-dive 
interviews and data collection (Fig. 1). Additionally, we compiled and 
ranked common responses to the final open question regarding how the 
monitoring program could best contribute to the dive centre (Table S5 in 
Supplementary Material). Most commonly mentioned suggestions were: 
to include additional and/or more emblematic species on the taxa list 
(40%); to complement the monitoring program and app with a website

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based on the available information.