Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Forecasting ecological water demand of an arid oasis under a drying
climate scenario based on deep learning methods

Xu-dong Wang a, Hao-jie Xu a,b,*, Yan-xia Pan c, Xue-mei Yang d
a State Key Laboratory of Herbage Improvement and Grassland Agro-ecosystems; Key Laboratory of Grassland Livestock Industry Innovation, Ministry of Agriculture and
Rural Affairs; Engineering Research Center of Grassland Industry, Ministry of Education; College of Pastoral Agriculture Science and Technology, Lanzhou University,
Lanzhou 730020, China
b Center for Remote Sensing of Ecological Environments in Cold and Arid Regions, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou 730000, China
c Northwest Institute of Eco-Environment and Resources, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou 730000, China
d Tourism School, Lanzhou University of Arts and Science, Lanzhou 730000, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

2.3.3. LSTM model

The LSTM model is a type of machine learning model that is derived
from recurrent neural networks (RNN). Its special memory unit effec-
tively addresses the issue of gradient vanishing and explosion in RNN for
long-term sequences. The structure of the model is illustrated in Fig. 3.
The LSTM memory unit comprises a forget gate, input gate, output gate,
and hidden layer. Signals are transmitted between different units
through three control gates in the hidden layer, determining which in-
formation should be stored, read, and written. Because of the precise
control of information by gate structures, LSTM can effectively learn in
long time sequences and is well-suited for time series prediction.

|N|!

[f(S ∪ i) (cid:0)

f(S) ]

(14)

Where Φi is the SHAP value of feature i. The larger the SHAP value,
the greater contribution of the feature to the prediction; S is the set of
features; (S ⊆ N\i)denotes the subset that excludes feature i; N is the set
of all features; f is the prediction function of the model; f(S) is the pre-
diction result of the model on the set of features S; |S| denotes the
number of elements in set S.

2.4. Scenario analysis of oasis NDVI

(Culka, 2016). Random dropouts are applied in each layer of the BO-
LSTM model to interpret model outputs from the posterior distribution
of target variables. This implies that running multiple predictions ap-
proximates parameters of the posterior distribution, such as the mean
and variance, thereby creating confidence intervals for each prediction.
In this study, results obtained from 100 predictions were used to
construct a 95% confidence interval, which was determined to be two
standard deviations away from the mean value of each prediction.

2.3.7. Model interpretability analysis

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The paper does not explicitly mention the specific evaluation metrics used to assess the performance of their deep learning models. However, it does discuss using the Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model, which is commonly evaluated using metrics like Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Root Mean Square Error (RMSE), or coefficient of determination (R^2) for regression tasks. For classification tasks, common metrics include accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 score. Given the nature of the problem discussed in the paper - forecasting ecological water demand - it is likely that they use regression metrics such as MAE, RMSE, or R^2 to evaluate their LSTM model.