Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Lisa  Morehead-Hillman:  Investigation, 
Resources, Validation, Writing – review & editing. Frank Lake: Inves-
tigation,  Resources,  Validation,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Vikki 
Preston:  Investigation,  Resources,  Validation,  Writing  –  review  & 
editing.  Chook-Chook  Hillman:  Investigation,  Resources,  Validation, 
Writing –  review &  editing. Andy Lyons: Conceptualization, Method-
ology, Writing – review & editing. Bill Tripp: Investigation, Resources, 
Validation, Writing – review & editing.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit details about the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, it mentions the use of massive training datasets and cautions that machine learning methods are limited by the quality of both imagery and training data. This suggests that the authors might have considered factors such as dataset size, image quality, and variability when splitting the data. It would be best to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors for precise information on the criteria used for data splitting.