Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

makes our model a powerful tool for predicting real-world phenomena 
such as wildfire spreads or pest plants propagation, since we take into 
account the most important variables in the representation.

where t and h represent temperature and humidity resp. 
b.Modification  of  the  update  criterion  and  application  of  ma-
chine learning: We will seek to improve our model by modifying the 
update  criterion,  maintaining  stochasticity  but  making  it  differen-
tiable. This will allow us to take advantage of machine-learning tools 
and turn our model into an intelligent cellular automaton. 
c.Optimising  the  scope:  We  will  make  changes  in  the  partitions 
used to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration. This 
will become another adjustable parameter to improve the accuracy 
and efficiency of the model. 
d.Strategies of variance-reduction: As previously mentioned, the 
estimator  given  by  Eq.  6  may  not  have  the  minimum  variance. 
Therefore, it opens the possibility to investigate and develop new and 
more sophisticated estimators by using variance reduction strategies 
such as the importance sampling, stratified sampling, Quasi-Monte

5.1. Limitations of the model as a classification model 

Our classification model is built upon the Monte Carlo method. While 
Monte Carlo codes have achieved significant sophistication, simulations 

suffer  from  the  drawback  of  demanding  extensive  computational  re-
sources  to  attain  an  adequate  level  of  result  confidence.  Hence,  it  is 
crucial to acknowledge the associated limitations. 

Specifically, a substantial number of tests may be required. Insuffi-
cient  testing  could  lead  to  a  heightened  sampling  error,  resulting  in 
overly broad confidence intervals. Ensuring an ample number of trials is 
crucial to obtain more precise and reliable estimates.

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022665J. Boters Pitarch et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 6. Comparison between our model and Moore for parameter values in Γ.  

probability of getting it randomly. 

Property 4.2. Let N, K ∈ N and model parameters 

P = {0, 1, 1, 1, 1}, c⩾1, ΔID = 1 and p0 = 0.5  

then some random seed value exists for which our spread model is equal 
to the Von Neumann model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention any specific deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch being used to build the model. Therefore, I cannot provide information on which framework was used to create this particular model. However, these models can generally be implemented using popular deep learning libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or others.

Based on the provided context, the authors focus on improving their existing model by modifying the update criterion, optimizing its scope, and applying variance-reduction strategies. They also discuss the limitations of their Monte Carlo simulation-based classification model, emphasizing the need for sufficient testing to reduce sampling errors and achieve accurate results. The context mentions no explicit use of deep learning techniques or frameworks.