Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

satellite image classification using deep learning approach. In: Machine Learning 
and Data Mining in Aerospace Technology. Springer, Cham, pp. 165–186. 
Li, L., Zhou, Y., Xie, J., 2014. A free search krill herd algorithm for functions 

optimization. Math. Probl. Eng. 2014. 

Li, Y., Chen, R., Zhang, Y., Zhang, M., Chen, L., 2020. Multi-label remote sensing image 
scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural 
network. Remote Sens. 12 (23), 4003. 

Liu, Q., Basu, S., Ganguly, S., Mukhopadhyay, S., DiBiano, R., Karki, M., Nemani, R., 

2020. Deepsat v2: feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image 
classification. Remote Sens. Lett. 11 (2), 156–165. 

Lunga, D., Gerrand, J., Yang, L., Layton, C., Stewart, R., 2020. Apache spark accelerated 
deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics. IEEE J. Select. 
Topics Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 13, 271–283.

Fig. 5. Structure of VAE.  

Stochastic  gradient  descent  (SGD)  on  BP  is  managing  stochastic 
input,  then  not  stochastic  unit  within  the  networks.  The  solution  is 
named as “reparameterization trick”, which is to transfer the sampling 
to input layer. It is easy from N(μ(x), θ(x)) by sampling ∈ ~ N(0, I), af-
terward calculating pmodelz = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) * e. Where μ(x) and θ(x) are 
the mean and covariance of (z| x). So, Eq. (13) is calculated as: 

L(q) = Ee∼N(0,I)pmodel

(cid:0)

x|z = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) × ∈

)

(cid:0) DKL(q(z|x)‖pmodel(z) )

(14) 

In VAE is comprised of input layer, various AEs, and output layer. 
Then, an unsupervised pre-training step, the supervised fine-tuning step 
is implemented for learning the entire network parameters by employ-
ing the BP technique. This technique is comprised of 1 input layer, 5 
hidden layers, and 1 output layer. 

4. Performance validation

Unnikrishnan et al. (2019) employs the red and near infrared (NIR) 
band data for the publicly available SAT-4 & SAT-6 datasets classifica-
tion. It is achieved, as NDVI computation needs 2 bands (red and NIR) 
information's and the class included in the datasets are vegetation kinds. 
In this study, novel Dl frameworks for 3 distinct networks (VGG, Alex-
Net, ConvNet,) have been presented using hyper tuning the network and 
the  input  as  2  band  data.  The  adapted  architecture  using  2  band  in-
formation's  together  with  decreased  amount  of  filters  are  tested  and 
trained  module  handles for  classifying the  images  into  distinct  kinds. 
Kadhim and Abed (2019) produced an efficient method for classifying 
satellite  images  which  are  depending  upon  DL  and  utilize  CNN  for 
extracting  the  features  with  the  help  of  VGG19,  AlexNet,  Resnet50 
pretraining, and GoogLeNet modules.

VAE initially draw an instance z from the code distribution pmodel(z). The 
sample is executed via a differentiable generator network g(z). Lastly, x 
undergo sampling from a distribution Pmodel(x; g(z)) = pmodel(x| z). At the 
time of training process, the estimated inference network (or encoder) q 
(z| x)  can  be  employed  for  obtaining  z  and  Pmodel  (x| z)  is  afterward 
considered  as  the  decoder  network  (Dai  et  al.,  2019).  The  main 
perception of VAE is that it can be trained using the maximization of the 
variational lower bound L(q) related to the data point x:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific deep learning frameworks used to build the models mentioned in the text. However, based on common practices in the field, popular deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch could potentially be used for building these models. For example, Unnikrishnan et al. (2019) present novel deep learning frameworks for three distinct networks (VGG, AlexNet, ConvNet); these networks are commonly built using either TensorFlow or PyTorch. Similarly, Kadhim and Abed (2019) use CNN for extracting features with the help of VGG19, AlexNet, Resnet50 pretraining, and GoogLeNet modules, all of which can also be implemented using TensorFlow or PyTorch. Nevertheless, without further contextual information, we cannot definitively state which framework was used in each case.