Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3. Analysis of case-study: Aphid data 

To  predict  the  threshold  representing  an  outbreak  for  the  aphid 
population dynamics (Fig. 6), we select x* = 200 considering the num-
ber of species collected in the four traps of the monitoring system, which 
was  related  to  the  10%  of  plants  infected  by  aphids  resulting  in  the 
economic  threshold.  Applying  PBP  using  different  training  data  ob-
tained from percentages of the initial observations of the time series of 
aphids,  the  accuracy  values  were  higher  than  70%  regardless  of  the 
percentage of training using the original aphid time series.

base  and α and obtain d*

pred  for each row of P′

association metric between xnew  and each row of P′

means;  

8.  If the computed association coefficient is greater than or equal to the 
value of d*
means, predict that a new 
event will occur at the next time step; predict that it will not occur, 
otherwise. 

pred  associated with that row of P′

(4) 

A schematic diagram of this process is represented in Fig. 3. 

2.2. Choosing m, d*

cluster, d*

base  and α via cross-validation 

We propose the use of k-fold cross-validation to choose the values of 
cluster and α, such that the accuracy of the method is optimised. Here, 

m, d*

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022203G.R. Palma et al.

Fig. 2. The threshold for prediction d*
′
The x-axis is represented as 1/l
c  to ease visualisation. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of 
this article.) 

′
c  for α = 1 (red curve), α = 3 (green curve) and α = 0.25 (blue curve), whilst fixing d*
pred, calculated as a function of l

= 0.6. 

base

based on the first group. After obtaining the method predictions based 
on this group, we compute.  

• true  positives  (TP):  the  number  of  times  the  method  accurately 

predicted an event;  

• true  negatives  (TN):  the  number  of  times  the  method  accurately 

predicted there was no event;  

• false  positives  (FP):  the  number  of  times  the  method  incorrectly 

predicted an event;  

• and false negatives (FN): the number of times the method incorrectly 

predicted there was no event. 

We use these values to obtain the accuracy, ACC =

≥ d*

, pj

cluster

cluster

)

c

and is used for the prediction of a future event. Given a new collection of 
observations  xnew,  with  length  m,  we  compute  the  association  metric 
between  xnew  and  each  row  of  P′
means.  If  any  computed  association  is 
greater or equal to d*
pred, shown in Eq. (5), the threshold for prediction, 
we predict that an event will occur. Finally d*
pred  is defined for each row 
of P′
vector of means: 

c, the number of patterns that generated each 

means  as a function of l′

pred = f
d*

(cid:0)

)

l′
c

= d*

base +

(cid:0)

)

,

1 (cid:0) d*
base
(cid:0)
)α
l′
c

(5)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the authors do not explicitly mention specific criteria for determining when training is complete. However, they discuss using k-fold cross-validation to choose optimal values for cluster and alpha parameters to maximize the accuracy of their proposed method. This implies that the model performance during training might be evaluated through metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, or F1 score. Nevertheless, without explicit information about stopping criteria, one cannot definitively state what criteria are used to determine when training is complete.