Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

using 

The  first  step  (data  filtering)  involves  data  acquisition  and  masks 
application  (Fig.  1).  From  the  EECE,  users  can  retrieve  the  EOS  data 
catalogue  from  the  GEE  online  repository  (https://developers.google. 
com/earth-engine/datasets/), 
ee.ImageCollection() 
constructor. Constructor arguments must also be included, such as fil-
terDate, which limits the collection to a selected period, and the inner 
clip function that cuts it within a specific study area extent. The identi-
fied  public  image  series  (time  series)  may  be  preprocessed,  but  also 
undergo the previously mentioned QA bands-based masking processes 
for each satellite, through optionally implementable masking functions 
(in yellow as depicted below). 

the

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

identification is usually context-dependent, meaning that some ecolog-
ical patterns or processes are examined at coarse spatio-temporal scales, 
while others require a finer approach (Fu et al., 2011; Wiens, 1989).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine the exact purpose of the deep learning model being used. However, we can infer that the deep learning model might be used for tasks like classification, segmentation, or object detection based on its application in processing remote sensing data. In this case, the deep learning model could potentially aid in identifying various environmental features or patterns relevant to ecological studies. This could involve classifying different types of land cover, detecting changes over time, or segmenting images into distinct regions for further analysis. Nonetheless, without more specific details about the project or research goals, it remains uncertain what the precise role of the deep learning model would be.