Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.4. Connectivity data 

The  synthetic  connectivity  data  was  generated  using  a  Generative 
Adversarial Network (GAN) model based on the y-data-synthetic Python 
package (YData, 2023), as this model was able to replicate the sparse-
ness  of  the  original  connectivity  matrices  best  and  performed  best  in 
terms of the utility metrics. GAN models feature a generator component, 
which learns the latent features of the data to generate a data sample, 
and  a  discriminator,  which  is  a  classification  model  which  learns  to 
classify real and synthetic data. Backpropagation from the discriminator 
updates the model parameters in the generator with the magnitude of 
the update depending on the success of the discriminator in classifying 

Fig. 3. Spatial distributions of the original (middle), synthetic (left) and sampled synthetic (right) data sets. Colours and size of points indicate site area. Note, 
sampled synthetic uses anonymized latitudes and longitudes.

model  flexibility  and  compatibility  to  generate  data  packages  for  the 
purposes listed above. The methods used to demonstrate the utility of 
the data models (often called general utility) (Snoke et al., 2018), were 
chosen for their applicability to a range of data types (allowing com-
parison across different input datasets) and high compatibility with the 
Synthetic  Data  Vault  python  package.  These  are  discussed  in  further 
detail in Section V.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026984Connectivity and coral coverZoningHeat stressWave stressDepthFilter sites hot, too subject towave damage and without enough space for coral.Weight layers according to importance for intervention of interest and decision scenario.Rank sites from most to least suitable for implementing the intervention using aggregate criteria values and their weightings.1234R. Crocker et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

convolutional  neural  networks  (CNN),  auto  encoders  and  generative 
adversarial  networks  (GAN),  and  are  better  at  learning  sophisticated 
patterns in data but can be more computationally expensive and require 
more data to train (Endres et al., 2022).

As a first conceptual framework for a synthetic reef data pipeline the 
models developed here serve their purpose in facilitating decision sup-
port  tool  testing  and  demonstrations  during  development,  although 
alternative  models  could  be  investigated  to  reduce  the  time  taken  to 
create  some  of  the  synthetic  datasets  and  improve  fidelity  to  the 
ecological dynamics if needed for other applications. Machine learning 
and neural network-based models are ideal for fitting models to a wide 
range of data sets but can take time for model training. The models for 
site data, coral cover and connectivity all show reasonable runtimes, but 
the PAR environmental data model’s runtime could be improved upon

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it is not explicitly stated which specific deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch were used to build the deep learning models mentioned in the text. However, it is clear that various machine learning techniques like convolutional neural networks (CNN), autoencoders, and generative adversarial networks (GAN) have been employed in developing these models. It is also noted that the YData Python package has been utilized for generating synthetic connectivity data using a GAN model. Therefore, while we cannot definitively state which exact deep learning frameworks were used, it is evident that multiple advanced machine learning techniques have been applied in building these models.