Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.2.2. Training

7.1.3. Bespoke neural networks for species sets 

While we selected a suitable neural network for species identifica-
tion, we spent little research so far to train this network to sets of user- 
selected  or  prevalent  species  in  the  region  where  the  camera  trap  is 
deployed.  Training  for  a  bespoke  set  of  species  is  both  possible  and 
desirable. Further research is needed to identify and automate a process 
that,  given  a  set  of  species  of  interest,  outputs  a  robust  and  reliable 
neural network model with suitable weights. 

7.1.4. Low power neural networks in hardware

6.2. Benchmarking setup 

There are two ways in which the metric can be applied to test the 
system. Firstly, as a comparison with existing camera traps. Secondly, to 
evaluate the pipeline with respect to the underlying neural network. As 
there is no dataset available that contains full videos with corresponding 
PIR sensor information, such data would need to be manually produced. 
This was done at a small scale to inform development, but it was not 
feasible  to  scale  this  up  for  a  robust  test  set.  We  instead  focus  on 
benchmarking different system configurations compared to existing ML 
approaches. 

6.2.1. Data

7.1.4. Low power neural networks in hardware 

It is desirable to reduce the power consumption of the DynAIkonTrap 
to make deployment in remote locations easier and less expensive. An 
implementation by Si et al. (2020) of a Multilayer Perceptron model on 
an Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) was shown to run in a similar 
time frame to a software-based approach, but at a clock speed lower by a 
factor of 144. The authors portray this as the ability to achieve a lower 
power consumption or improve performance by a factor of 144. Results 
published by Intel (2016) indicate a Convolutional Neural Network can 
be  run  on  an  FPGA  with  twice  the  efficiency  of  a  software/CPU 
implementation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about the strategy used to monitor the model performance during training. However, there are some indications regarding the overall goal and challenges faced while developing the model.

In section 7.1.3., the authors mention their intention to create bespoke neural networks for specific species sets. This implies that they aim to tailor models based on the target species present in the area where the camera trap will be deployed. To accomplish this, further research is required to develop a process that generates a robust and reliable neural network model with appropriate weights when given a set of species of interest.

Additionally, in sections 6.2. and 6.2.1., the authors discuss benchmarking the system using various configurations and comparing them against existing machine learning approaches. They also acknowledge the lack of datasets containing full videos with corresponding Passive Infrared (PIR) sensor information, making it challenging to evaluate the system comprehensively. Due to these limitations, manual production of such data has been carried out on a smaller scale to guide development rather than creating a large-scale robust test set.

Based on these points, one could infer that the monitoring strategy might involve evaluating the model's performance through comparisons with other machine learning methods and assessing its effectiveness in handling bespoke species sets. However, without more detailed information, it remains unclear what specific metrics or techniques were employed to track progress during training.