Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

extending  the  possibility  for  a  wide  coverage.  The  improvements  in 
Explainable  Artificial  Intelligence  techniques  can  make  it  easy  to  un-
derstand and interpret the deep learning models' predictions, and also to 
evaluate  and  improve  the  models.  The  large-scale  inferences  from  a 
study could see an interplay between the low power edge devices and 
virtually unlimited storage and compute resources with cloud technol-
ogies. By incorporating the processing on the camera trap, it is possible 
to obtain timely information from large scale ecological studies, even at 
the global scale. With further improvements in the battery technologies, 
deep learning model optimizations, and better hardware, it would soon 
become easier and common for ecological studies to utilize customized 
camera  trap  devices  with  on-board  classification,  visualization,  and 
communications.

Neural architecture search (NAS) was used for developing the Effi-
cientNetV2B0 model, and for the optimization of parameter efficiency 
and  training  speed  (Tan  and  Le,  2021).  The  model  performance  was 
improved  using  progressive  learning  to  adapt  regularization  to  the 
image size (Tan and Le, 2021). EfficientNetV2 is a family of models (B0 
to B7), and B0 is the smallest variant in the family (Keras, n.d), with the 
other  models  progressively  increasing  in  performance  going  up  to 
EfficientNetV2B7.

In future work, we will investigate model optimization techniques 
for deploying the deep learning models to even smaller microcontroller 
devices. Such low power devices can further economize the batteries and 
run autonomously to provide near real-time ecological insights from the 
field.  We  would  also  research  other  model  fine-tuning  techniques  to 
improve the model performance by investigating model pre-training on 
large datasets from ecological studies. 

Funding 

This  research  did  not  receive  any  specific  grant  from  funding 

agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request.  

Appendix A. Appendix  

Table A1 
Class wise statistics for the Florida-Part1 dataset.  

Technique

Wildlife Insights: https://www.wildlifeinsights.org/ Accessed: 4 Aug 2023. 
Willi, M., Pitman, R.T., Cardoso, A.W., Locke, C., Swanson, A., Boyer, A., Veldthuis, M., 
Fortson, L., 2019. Identifying animal species in camera trap images using deep 
learning and citizen science. Methods Ecol. Evol. 10, 80–91. https://doi.org/ 
10.1111/2041-210X.13099. 

scale image recognition arXiv preprint arXiv:1409.1556v6 [cs.CV].  

Yang, F., Jiang, Y., Xu, Y., 2022. Design of Bird Sound Recognition Model Based on 

TensorFlow Hub. https://tfhub.dev/ Accessed: 4 Aug 2023. 
tf-explain: https://pypi.org/project/tf-explain/ Accessed: 4 Aug 2023. 
Velez, J., McShea, W., Shamon, H., Castiblanco-Camacho, P.J., Tabak, M.A., 

Chalmers, C., Fergus, P., Fieberg, J., 2023. An evaluation of platforms for processing 
camera-trap data using artificial intelligence. Methods Ecol. Evol. 14, 459–477. 
Villa, A.G., Salazar, A., Vargas, F., 2017. Towards automatic wild animal monitoring:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention of a code repository link for the deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the current context. It might be helpful to refer to the original source of this text or contact the authors directly for more details about their code repository.