Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

using 

The  first  step  (data  filtering)  involves  data  acquisition  and  masks 
application  (Fig.  1).  From  the  EECE,  users  can  retrieve  the  EOS  data 
catalogue  from  the  GEE  online  repository  (https://developers.google. 
com/earth-engine/datasets/), 
ee.ImageCollection() 
constructor. Constructor arguments must also be included, such as fil-
terDate, which limits the collection to a selected period, and the inner 
clip function that cuts it within a specific study area extent. The identi-
fied  public  image  series  (time  series)  may  be  preprocessed,  but  also 
undergo the previously mentioned QA bands-based masking processes 
for each satellite, through optionally implementable masking functions 
(in yellow as depicted below). 

the

2.3. Data scaling 

The final step refers to data scaling, and intrinsically to gap filling 
and data matching levels required by the user. Different scaling domains 
have been suggested by Fritsch et al. (2020). As the interest relies on 
aggregating  data  across  scales  prior  to  modelling,  our  approach  con-
forms  to  a  “pre-modelling  scaling”  protocol  (Fritsch  et  al.,  2020). 
Sequential  processes  were  implemented  within  GEE  for  scaling  up 
environmental  time  series  from  one  spatial  and/or  temporal  scale  to 
another during data extraction.

across several disciplines, mostly given its advantages for fast processing 
multi-petabyte of EOS data (Amani et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information about what optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this query.