Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

Fig. 3. Relative root mean square error (rRMSE, Eq. 13) of the diversity indices of Table 1 over sample size, i.e. the mean number of sample trees per relascope 
sample plot in the Hirschlacke forest. Black – inventory estimator (Eq. 7), red – NN1 estimator (Eq. 9), blue – NN2 estimator (Eq. 8), orange – NN3 estimator (Eq. 10), 
green – NN4 estimator (Eq. 11). The upper index in round brackets indicates the number of nearest neighbours, k, used to estimate the corresponding diversity index. 
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

4. Discussion and conclusions 

estimated in the same surveys are not.

Table 1 
Definitions of the spatial tree diversity indices used in this study.  

sample has an individual inclusion zone or ‘sample plot’. Thus relascope 
sampling can be interpreted in terms of sampling that is based on cir-
cular sample plots.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about where the data repository for the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to this query. It would be best to refer back to the original source material or contact the authors directly for more information regarding the availability of their dataset.