Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We  used  a  stepwise  variable  selection  procedure  with  the  p-value 
serving as the decisive factor (threshold of 0.05) to select the variables 
that had the best discriminating power based on their F-ratios. We used 
linear  discriminant  analysis  to  generate  a  discrimination  line  (2  vari-
ables) or hyperplane (>3 variables) depending on the number of vari-
ables  in  the  resulting  model  to  classify  species  or  sex.  To  quantify 
uncertainty  in  classification,  we  then  generated  bands  of  uncertainty 
around  this  discrimination  hyperplane.  We  assigned  values  that  fall 
within these bands a probability value (p) indicating a level of certainty 
about the classification using a logistic regression model, as in Eq. (1) 

p =

1
1 + e(cid:0) 1

2 f ( x)

(1)

To identify variables with the greatest potential to discriminate be-
tween classes of objects (e.g., species or fisher sex) we used a predictor 
screening analysis that uses bootstrap forest partitioning to evaluate the 
contribution  of  predictors  on  the  response  object.  For  each  response 
object  we  employed  predictor  screening  using  1000  decision  trees  to 
evaluate all 124 potential FIT metrics. We then used the top predictor 
variables to evaluate the dataset for two potential sources of bias, 1) the 
use of mirrored right front tracks instead of only left front tracks (foot 
position  bias)  and  2)  the  potential  for  bias  between  observers  when 
manually  marking  the  landmark  points  in  the  FIT  interface (observer 
bias) which is a somewhat subjective process. Foot position (left-front or 
right-front) of each track was recorded for each track during the feature 
extraction  process.  To  evaluate  observer  bias  we  had  3  different  ob-

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024314J.M. Tucker et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

each footprint (Fig. 3). For each of the landmark and derived points we 
extracted  a  set  of  base  X,Y  coordinates  and  124  calculated  variables 
consisting  of  lengths,  angles,  and  areas  for  use  in  species  or  sex 
discrimination. We arbitrarily chose the left front foot for the FIT model 
development. However, in order to increase the number of images for 
analyses,  we  also  used  right  front  images  by  flipping  them  on  their 
vertical axis. 

2.3. Screening predictor variables and bias

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, it can be inferred from the context that the model might be used for either species or sex classification. This is because the authors mention using linear discriminant analysis to generate a discrimination line or hyperplane to classify species or sex. They also discuss evaluating the contribution of predictors on the response object, which could refer to identifying features that help distinguish between different species or sexes. Additionally, they mention extracting a set of base X,Y coordinates and 124 calculated variables consisting of lengths, angles, and areas for use in species or sex discrimination. Therefore, it can be concluded that the deep learning model is likely being used for classification purposes, specifically for distinguishing between different species or sexes based on various extracted features.