Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lies  in  exploring the  potential of  deep  learning and  machine  learning 
algorithms  for  enhancing  groundwater-climate  interactions  under-
standing and investigating the climatic hotspots implications within the 
sub-basins of the GAB region.

3.10. Drought characteristics (severity, duration, and intensity) 

The regions  experiencing drought,  RED (measured in  percentage), 

were combined using drought indices for every timeframe and step. 

∑N

RED (t) = 100*

g=1

Dc(t)*Rc

∑N

g=1

Rc

(2)  

where  RED  represents  regions  experiencing  a  drought  with  time  t,  D 
represents drought (in the form of 0 or 1), R represents region, and g 
represents grid. Eq. 2 provides the percentage of regions experiencing 
drought, which determines the impact of drought in terms of its extent 
or  land  areas  affected  (in  percentage)  (e.g.,  Ndehedehe  et  al.,  2021; 
Wang et al., 2018). Drought severity, DS is evaluated for each drought 
event with t time, starting from ts and ending with te given in Eq. 3 (e.g., 
Diaz et al., 2019). 

DS =

∑te

t=ts

RED(t)

(3) 

DD (months) =

1
N*

∑N

i=1

di

(4)

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023543P.R. Kaushik et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Table 1 
Summary of datasets (TWS, SMS, GWS, SPEI-3, 6 and 12, ENSO, NAO, AMO, 
PDO, IOD, Ni˜no 1 + 2, Ni˜no 3.0, Ni˜no 3.4, Ni˜no 4, NTA, STA, ETA) with their 
spatial  and  temporal  resolution  and  sources.  Here,  TWS  is  terrestrial  water 
storage,  SMS  is  soil  moisture  storage,  GWS  is  groundwater  storage,  SPEI  is 
standard  precipitation  evapotranspiration  index,  ENSO  is  El-Ni˜no  southern 
oscillation,  NAO  is  North  Atlantic  oscillation,  AMO  is  Atlantic  multidecadal 
oscillation, PDO is pacific decadal oscillation, IOD is Indian ocean dipole, NTA is 
North  Tropical  Atlantic,  STA  is  south  tropical  Atlantic  and  ETA  is  equatorial 
Atlantic.

3) and agricultural drought (SPEI-6).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware were utilized. Further details would be required to provide an accurate response.