Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ˇ
Simůnek, J., Oliver, D.P., Awad, J., 2020. 

not: soil erosion in Maasai land as a social dilemma and a challenge to community 
resilience. J. Environ. Psychol. 66, 101365. 

Rahimi, A., Breuste, J., 2021. Why is Lake Urmia drying up? Prognostic modeling with 

land-use data and artificial neural network. Front. Environ. Sci. 9, 603916. 
Safarian Zengir, V., Sobhani, B., Asghari, S., 2020. Monitoring and investigating the 

possibility of forecasting drought in the western part of Iran. Arab. J. Geosci. 13 (12), 
1–12. 

Sala, R., Deom, J.M., Aladin, N.V., Plotnikov, I.S., Nurtazin, S., 2020. Geological history 
and present conditions of Lake Balkhash. In: Large Asian Lakes in a Changing World: 
Natural State and Human Impact, pp. 143–175. 

Seydehmet, J., Lv, G., Nurmemet, I., Aishan, T., Abliz, A., Sawut, M., Abli, A., Eziz, M., 
2018. Model prediction of secondary soil salinization in the Keriya Oasis, Northwest 
China. Sustainability 10 (3), 656.

The river runoff variation given in Fig. 8(a) shows a decrease in the 
volume of incoming water from 3520 Mm3  to 700 Mm3, which means 
that the volume of incoming water has decreased to almost one fifth. 
Many factors are involved in the occurrence of such conditions, which 
can generally be divided into two categories. First, the factors that are 
related  to  human  activities,  which  include  excessive  use  of  water  re-
sources, excessive development of agriculture around the lake, and the 
structures built in the basin. One of the human activities is changing the 
cultivation  pattern  and  creating  unconventional  deep  wells  in  the  re-
gion, especially between 1985 and 2014. At this time, the cultivation of 
water-based  agricultural  products  increased  from  350,000  ha  to 
500,000 ha. The construction of dams caused a sharp decrease in the 
catchment  water  of  the  lake,  which,  with  these  unplanned  dams  and

racy. Aksoy et al. (2022) analyzed the performance of three different 
machine-learning  algorithms  to  map  soil  salinity  for  the  Urmia  Lake 
basin  using  Landsat-8  OLI,  Sentinel-2A  satellite  images,  and  ground- 
based  EC  measurements.  The  output  soil  salinity  map  demonstrated 
the most reliable spatial distribution of various soil salinity classes in the 
selected study area.

drought studies. NDVI, ranging from (cid:0) 1 to +1, is used to evaluate the 
density  of  vegetation  on  a  given  area  (Zare  et  al.,  2019).  Low  NDVI 
amounts stand for moisture-stressed vegetation and higher values show 
a  higher  density  of  green  vegetation.  This  indicator  can  display  the 
variations in the density of green under wet and drought conditions. LST 
is part of the surface energy budget, and can be used as an indicator for 
climate change (Hengl et al., 2012). LST is able to show drought-induced 
thermal  stress  faster  than  NDVI.  In  this  study,  the  mentioned  three 
indices were used for assessing the drought-prone areas in the basin.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information about what optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate answer to this query based solely on the given context.