Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

grams, and created the metadata .csv file necessary for training the CNN 
and k-NN. Identical in structure to the metadata file outlined above, this 
file contained the metadata for the training set as opposed to the met-
adata for the entire dataset. 

No additional preprocessing was applied to the spectrograms as the 
goal was to do the least amount of preprocessing possible in order to 
demonstrate  the  power  of  human-machine  teaming.  Further,  when 
assessing the accuracy of the CNN on noise-filtered data versus raw data, 
the accuracy levels were similar: after 10 trials, the CNN’s accuracy on 
the  filtered  data  averaged  to  99.22%  and  the  accuracy  on  the  non- 
filtered data averaged to 99.25%.

2.2.1. CNN structure 

A CNN is a type of neural network commonly used for image clas-
sification  which  includes  convolutional  layers  within  its  architecture. 
Each  convolutional  layer  applies  a  2-dimensional  convolution  of  the 
input  image or  feature  matrix by  a  collection  of learned  kernels.  The 
kernels are matrices containing learned weights of the network, whose 
size  are  typically  small  relative  to  the  size  of  the  input  images.  For 
example, many convolutional layers use a kernel of size 3 × 3. For each 
kernel, the convolution operation computes the dot product between the

Additionally,  we  created  a  metadata  .csv  file  that  listed  all  of  the 
necessary classification information for training the CNN and k-NN . The 
.csv file had five columns. The first, dialect_folder, listed the file path to 
the folder containing the bird song. Each folder was labeled with the 
dialect type and the year it was collected, for example, “ABLA_2022”. 
Note, each folder name contained the label of the songs inside, as this 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026572B. Story et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

DialectDecoder: Human/machine teaming for bird song classification and 
anomaly detection 

Brittany Story a,b,d, *, Patrick Gillespie b, Graham Derryberry a, Elizabeth Derryberry a,c, 
Nina Fefferman a, b, c, Vasileios Maroulas a,b 
a NIMBioS, University of Tennessee Knoxville, 1122 Volunteer Blvd., Suite 106, Knoxville 37996, TN, USA 
b Department of Mathematics, University of Tennessee Knoxville, 1403 Circle Dr., Knoxville 37916, TN, USA 
c Department of Ecology and Environmental Biology, 569 Dabney Hall, Knoxville 37996, TN, USA 
d U.S. Army DEVCOM Army Research Laboratory, 7101 Mulberry Point Rd, Aberdeen Proving Ground 21005, MD, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Human-machine teaming 
Song classification 
Anomaly detection

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning models such as Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN). However, popular frameworks for building these types of models include TensorFlow, Keras, and PyTorch. Without further context, it cannot be determined which framework was utilized in this case.