Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

15 of 17

Supplementary Materials: The following are available online at https://www.mdpi.com/article/10
.3390/rs13163284/s1. Table S1: Methodology of the convolution and full connected layer.

Author Contributions: Conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis: A.A., M.K.P., and P.K.S.;
funding acquisition: P.K.S.; supervision: P.K.S. and M.L.K.; validation, visualization, writing—
original draft: A.A., M.K.P., and P.K.S.; writing—review and editing: A.G., P.K.S., and M.L.K. All
authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.

Funding: National Mission on Himalayan Studies, G.B. Pant National Institute of Himalayan Envi-
ronment (NIHE), Almora, Uttarakhand, India.

Institutional Review Board Statement: Not applicable.

Informed Consent Statement: Not applicable.

modelling approaches and the increased number of datasets has made this model one of
the most globally accepted SDMs. There is a growing concern for the establishment of the
nonlinear relationship between the bioclimatic parameters through innovative approaches
such as deep learning-based models. It has been observed that the BIOCLIM model is
overestimates the species distribution and the higher probability of species occurrence at
the higher altitude. Moreover, it has been observed that the distribution pattern of the
predicted Rhododendron arboreum distribution using CNN architecture is quite different at
some places than from conventional BIOCLIM models. The current work proposed deep
learning-based CNN architecture for probability distribution modelling and proved to
perform better than the traditional BIOCLIM model. There was an underestimation of
species distribution observed in CNN than BIOCLIM. The distribution probability in CNN

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

13 of 17

kappa, with values 0.652 and 0.94, respectively, also gave support to the applicability of
CNN in comparison to conventional SDM’s such as BIOCLIM. These values showcase the
superiority of deep learning models for species probability distribution using the given set
of ecological and bioclimatic parameters.

Figure 7. Probability distribution of Rhododendron arboreum using (a) BIOCLIM and (b) CNN Models.

Table 2. Statistical performance analysis of BIOCLIM and CNN.

AUC

Kappa

TSS

4. Discussion

BIOCLIM

0.68

0.76

0.44

CNN

0.917

0.94

0.652

This study is a novel approach towards establishing a CNN architecture and testing
the performance of CNN in SDM and its comparison with other well established SDMs
namely, BIOCLIM. This study was conducted on the foothills of the Himalayas, where the
altitudinal variation is very drastic and varies from 416 to 7801 m above mean sea level.
This high-altitude Himalayan ranges constitutes a heterogeneous ecosystem and is home to
many rare/endangered, medicinally, and economically important plant species. One of the
major economically and medicinally important plant species, Rhododendron arboreum,
was tracked and mapped in this study using different SDMs. Based on its occurrence and
several ecological and bioclimatic satellite-based observations, the probability distribution
of the Rhododendron arboreum was established. The CNN based probability distribution
model outperformed the presence only based BIOCLIM model with an AUC score of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query. However, the paper mentions that supplementary materials are available online at <https://www.mdpi.com/article/10.3390/rs13163284/s1>. You may find additional details about the dataset or any relevant links within these supplementary materials. Please refer to them for more specific information.