Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Projects like AmeriFlux, WFSFA, and NGEE-Tropics each have many 
different  teams  working  in  the  field  and  producing  large  numbers  of 
high-quality,  multi-disciplinary  data  packages.  Integrating  these 
together as one product can only be achieved if the data usage policies 
are compatible and the data producers can receive appropriate credit for 
their data. For example, when individual network datasets are included 
in the FLUXNET dataset they will be released under a FLUXNET data 
usage policy, the agreed data usage policy is a factor determining which 
regional datasets will be able to be included. When the FLUXNET data 
usage policy is incompatible with the network policy, often data can’t be 
included.  In  cases  where  the  data  are  considered  high-value  the  data 
producers are reluctant to lose the direct credit to their data. In addition, 
new data versions are uploaded regularly due to collection of new data,

Wilkinson, M.D., Dumontier, M., Sansone, S.-A., Bonino da Silva Santos, L.O., Prieto, M., 
Batista, D., McQuilton, P., Kuhn, T., Rocca-Serra, P., Crosas, M., Schultes, E., 2019. 
Evaluating FAIR maturity through a scalable, automated, community-governed 
framework. Sci. Data 6, 1–12. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-019-0184-5. 

Witt, M., Stall, S., Duerr, R., Plante, R., Fenner, M., Dasler, R., Cruse, P., Hou, S., 

Ulrich, R., Kinkade, D., 2019. Connecting researchers to data repositories in the 
earth, space, and environmental sciences. In: Digital Libraries: Supporting Open 
Science. Springer International Publishing, pp. 86–96. https://doi.org/10.1007/978- 
3-030-11226-4_7. 

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012518

capabilities.  There  is  a  need  to  address  the  scalability  and  autonomy 
needs of data producers in creating and managing data citations while 
also  addressing  the  diverse  use  cases  and  usability  needs  of  data 
consumers. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

None. 

Acknowledgements

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain any details about a deep learning model or its development process. Therefore, it is impossible to determine what measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of such a model based on this context alone.