Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Bacterial community characterization by deep learning aided image 
analysis in soil chips 

Hanbang Zou a, *, Alexandros Sopasakis b, François Maillard a, Erik Karlsson a, Julia Duljas a, 
Simon Silwer a, Pelle Ohlsson c, Edith C. Hammer a, 1 
a Biology, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
b Mathematics, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
c Biomedical Engineering, Lund University, Lund, Sweden   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Soil bacterial cell counting 
Segmentation 
Microfluidics 
Microbial image recognition 
Morphological biodiversity 
Bacterial traits

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

We used the well-developed deep learning algorithm Mask-RCNN to 
quantitatively analyze soil bacterial communities from three contrasting 
locations (Greenland, Sweden and Kenya), showing that the approach is 
capable to be used in laboratory incubations and in situ in field experi-
ments.  Furthermore,  we  demonstrated  that  the  method  is  able  to 
quantify bacterial abundance and morphology variance across latitudes. 
With this, we provide a proof of concept of a novel analytical technique 
using deep learning-based image analysis with microfluidics in order to 
understand  and  explain  population  and  community  dynamics.  This 
approach is an important contribution to connecting controlled, high- 
resolution  microbial  analysis  to  field  experiments  and  to  add  pheno-
typic  analysis  to  soil  microbial  diversity  studies.  The  concept  of 
combining microfluidic soil chips with deep learning image detection

Soil chips were colonized by the bacteria deriving from the respec-
tive soil inoculum at all three locations from the arctic to the tropics. 
Initial examination under the microscope revealed striking differences 
among the bacterial communities. Here, we show a proof of concept to 
quantify  these  differences  via  a  deep  learning-based  image  analysis 
method on image data of soil chips in the laboratory or in situ, to obtain 
quantitative morphology-based bacterial population data. The number 
and  area  of  the  object  classes  ‘bacteria’,  ‘dividing’,  ‘cluster’  and  the 
background class ‘microfluidic structure’ were firstly extracted to obtain 
the population density of each classification category over time (Fig. 2 
(a-b)), or as a single time point measurement (Fig. 2 (c)). Chips were 
colonized  during the first days and populations stayed at comparable 
levels over the duration of a month. Greenland samples were monitored

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not specify which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if they used AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other specific platform.