Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

+is paper aims to predict the SST and the SWH for the
Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset.
+e proposed work is motivated by comparing the statistical,
machine learning, and deep learning models to understand
the performance gap of these models. +e results of this
work should provide scientiﬁc evidence on which model ﬁts
better the marine data. To anticipate the marine features
eﬃciently, the employed deep learning model combines the
gated recurrent units (GRU) with the regular neural net-
work. In the proposed architecture, the GRU layer is pre-
ceded by an input layer and followed by a fully connected
layer. As a result, the predicted values can be produced from
the output layer. To our knowledge, this is the ﬁrst use of a
GRU model architecture for forecasting SST and SWH.
Besides, four diﬀerent ML models have been utilized in the
current study, namely, Linear Regression (LR), Decision
Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Random

deep learning, and machine learning models for predicting the SSTand SWH on a real dataset obtained from the Korea Hydrographic
and Oceanographic Agency. +en, we proposed comparing these three predictive approaches on four diﬀerent evaluation metrics.
Experimental results have revealed that the deep learning model slightly outperformed the machine learning models for overall
performance, and both of these approaches greatly outperformed the statistical predictive model.

[13] Z. Quan, X. Lin, Z.-J. Wang, Y. Liu, F. Wang, and K. Li, “A
system for learning atoms based on long short-term memory
recurrent neural networks,” in Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE
International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine
(BIBM), pp. 728–733, IEEE, Madrid, Spain, December 2018.
[14] K. Cho, B. Van Merri¨enboer, C. Gulcehre et al., “Learning
phrase representations using RNN encoder-decoder for sta-
tistical machine translation,” 2014, https://arxiv.org/abs/1406.
1078.

[15] S. Hochreiter and J. Schmidhuber, “Long short-term mem-
ory,” Neural Computation, vol. 9, no. 8, pp. 1735–1780, 1997.
[16] M. Ravanelli, P. Brakel, M. Omologo, and Y. Bengio, “Light
gated recurrent units for speech recognition,” IEEE Trans-
actions on Emerging Topics in Computational Intelligence,
vol. 2, no. 2, pp. 92–102, 2018.

6. Conclusions

+e huge advances of ocean observation systems yield a large
amount of marine data. +us, this huge data can be utilized
to train predictive models to forecast future marine data. In
this work, we proposed predicting SST and SWH by
implementing machine learning, deep learning, and statis-
tical techniques models. In turn, a comparison of these three
approaches is conducted on diﬀerent evaluation metrics,
namely, MAE, MSE, RMSE, and R2. +e comparison utilized
a real dataset obtained from the Korea Hydrographic and
Oceanographic Agency. +e simulation results show that the
machine learning models are slightly better than the
implemented deep learning model. +e best model that
predicted the SST was the DTs, while the Linear Regression
model was the best model for SWH forecasting. +e sta-
tistical model (i.e., ARIMA) has been conﬁrmed to have the
worst performance.

Data Availability

+e utilized dataset in this work is available online https://
www.khoa.go.kr/eng/.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific format of the data used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the dataset used in the research is obtained from the Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency, which suggests that the data might be related to marine or oceanographic measurements such as sea surface temperature (SST) and significant wave height (SWH). Given that the task involves time series prediction, it is likely that the data is in a numerical tabular format, possibly in CSV or similar format. Nevertheless, without explicit information about the data format, one cannot definitively state what type of data format is being used in the deep learning pipeline.