Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Among  machine  learning  techniques,  random  forest  (RF;  Breiman 
(2001)) is the most commonly used algorithm (Stupariu et al., 2021). RF 
are  Classification  and  Regression  Tree  (CART)  based  ensemble  ap-
proaches,  which  overcome  limitations  of  CARTs  such  as  model  over- 
fitting.  Additionally,  RF  can  handle  large  numbers  of  predictor  vari-
ables  without  being  affected  by  multicollinearity,  and  can  readily 
accommodate nonlinear relationships between predictor and response 
variables  (Breiman,  2001;  Evans  and  Cushman,  2009;  Kumar  et  al., 
2021). Furthermore, by permutation of variables, RF provides accessible 
measures of variable importance (Cutler et al., 2007; Evans and Cush-
man, 2009).

A key point in machine learning is represented by the data, not only 
by the algorithms. The structure of the training data can have profound 
and critical effects on the outcomes of models trained with the RF al-
gorithm. While this is an important point which is worthy of evaluation, 
our dataset was limited to a collection of camera trap data on several 
species which makes it difficult to comprehensively compare the effects 
of the data and its structure. We note that this is better explored with 
simulation, as in a recent paper from our group (Kumar et al., 2021) 
which  indeed  showed  that  the  spatial  pattern  and  shape  of  the  envi-
ronmental manifold itself affects performance of GLM and RF. 

5. Conclusions

Independently for each felid, we investigated the most representative 
scale for each covariate by performing univariate Random Forest (RF), 
using  the  full  camera  traps  dataset  and  the  presence-absence  data  as 
response  variable.  For  each  covariate,  we  selected  the  scale  whose 

univariate RF showed the lowest Out-Of-Bag (OOB) error. 

2.4.1. Random forest – model training 

Similar to the GLM approaches, for RF we used two different training 
data selection frameworks. For the first one (hereafter non-bootstrapped 
RF), we trained the RF by using the same training dataset used for the 
non-bootstrapped GLM, composed of randomly selected 80% of camera 
trap locations, and produced species distribution probability surfaces for 
each felid.

Cushman, S.A., McGarigal, K., 2002. Hierarchical, multi-scale decomposition of species- 

environment relationships. Landsc. Ecol. 17, 637–646. 

Cushman, S.A., Wasserman, T.N., 2018. Landscape applications of machine learning: 

comparing random forests and logistic regression in multi-scale optimized predictive 
modeling of American Marten Occurrence in Northern Idaho, USA, Machine 
Learning for Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, 
pp. 185–203. 

Cushman, S.A., Shirk, A.J., Landguth, E.L., 2013a. Landscape genetics and limiting 

factors. Conserv. Genet. 14, 263–274.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this specific query based on the available context.