Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

CNNFULL, CNNFAST, Random Forest, and the Segmentation algorithms took 53, 9.5, 11,
and 17 seconds respectively, to run the full detection pipeline on the 3.2 minutes of full spec-
trum iBats Romania and Bulgaria test dataset. Compared to CNNFULL there was therefore a
significant decrease in the time required to perform detection using CNNFAST, which was also
the fastest of our methods overall. Notably, close to 50% of the CNN runtime was spent gener-
ating the spectrograms for detection, making this the most computationally expensive stage in
the pipeline.

Ecological monitoring application results

14 / 19

Deep learning tools for bat acoustic signal detection

S1 Fig. CNNFAST network architecture description. The CNNFAST network consists of two
convolution layers (Conv1 and Conv2), with 16 filters each (shown in yellow, with the filter
size shown inset). Both convolution layers are followed by a max pooling layer (Max Pool1 and
Max Pool2), and the network ends with a fully connected layer with 64 units (Fully Connect).
CNNFAST computes feature maps (shown as white boxes) across the entire input spectrogram,
resulting in less computation and a much faster run time. The fully connected layer is also eval-
uated as a convolution. The output of the detector is a probability vector (shown in green)
whose length is one quarter times the width of the input spectrogram. The numbers below
each layer indicate the height, weight, and depth of the corresponding layer.
(TIF)

binary classification problem. Our CNNFULL consisted of three convolution and max pooling
layers, followed by one fully connected layer (see Supplementary Information Methods for fur-
ther details). We halved the size of the input spectrogram to reduce the input dimensionality
to the CNN which resulted in an input array of size of 130 frequency bins by 20 time steps, cor-
responding to a fixed length, detection window size of 23ms. We applied the CNN in a sliding
window fashion, to predict the presence of a search-phase bat call at every instance of time in
the spectrogram (Fig 1D). As passive acoustic monitoring can generate large quantities of data,
we required a detection algorithm that would run faster than real time. While CNNs produce
state of the art results for many tasks, naïve application of them for detection problems at test
time can be extremely computationally inefficient [33]. So, to increase the speed of our system

end speech recognition. arXiv preprint arXiv:14125567. 2014.

39. Goeau H, Glotin H, Vellinga W-P, Planque R, Joly A, editors. LifeCLEF Bird Identification Task 2016.
The Arrival of Deep Learning. Working Notes of CLEF 2016-Conference and Labs of the Evaluation
forum; 2016; E´ vora, Portugal.

40. Aide TM, Corrada-Bravo C, Campos-Cerqueira M, Milan C, Vega G, Alvarez R. Real-time bioacoustics

monitoring and automated species identification. PeerJ. 2013; 1:e103. https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.
103 PMID: 23882441; PubMed Central PMCID: PMCPMC3719130.

41.

The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Version 2017–1 [Internet]. 2017 [cited Downloaded on 12
May 2017.]. Available from: http://www.iucnredlist.org.

42. Everingham M, Van Gool L, Williams CK, Winn J, Zisserman A. The pascal visual object classes (voc)

challenge. International journal of computer vision. 2010; 88(2):303–38.

43. Szewczak JM. Sonobat 2010.

44. Binary Acoustic Technology. SCAN’R. 2014.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not appear that a specific data repository link has been mentioned or provided for the deep learning pipeline used for bat acoustic signal detection. Therefore, without additional context or information, it is not possible to provide a direct link to the data repository containing the deep learning pipeline.