Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These may be inferred by combining more mechanistic models with the 
empirical laboratory experiments (e.g. Guarini et al., 2021). Given the 
availability of sensors and the fast development of technology, having 
big-data on valve gaping from a few sentinel organisms together with 
temperature  and  chlorophyll,  becomes  more  and  more  feasible  these 
days. Having such big-data should improve predictions on productivity, 
and be a major aid for aquaculture decision making, for multiple areas 
and species, especially in the context of ‘precision shellfish farming’. 

Funding

All  data  analysis  was  conducted  in  R  4.0.5  (R  Development  Core 
Team, 2021). Gaping data, expressed in proportion of aperture where 
0 is fully closed and 1 is fully opened, and recorded at 1 Hz (see Bertolini 
et al., 2021c), were averaged (mean) over 5 min in the Venice Lagoon 
and over 1 min in the Wadden Sea. This difference in averaging time was 
due to different lengths of deployment periods. Using 1 min averages 
would  make  the  Venice  files  too  large  to  easily  process,  while  in  the 
Wadden Sea this higher frequency was technical feasible. Daily curves of 
gaping for each sensor were then used as input in the analysis yielding 
1286 daily curves for the Venice Lagoon and 203 daily curves for the 
Wadden Sea.

gaping is linked to key metabolic functions like filtering water necessary 
for feeding and respiration.

Ciavatta, S., Pastres, R., Badetti, C., Ferrari, G., Beck, M.B., 2008. Estimation of 

phytoplanktonic production and system respiration from data collected by a real- 
time monitoring network in the lagoon of Venice. Ecol. Model. 212, 28–36. https:// 
doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2007.10.025. 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016597C. Bertolini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Clements, J.C., Comeau, L.A., Carver, C.E., Mayrand, ´E., Plante, S., Mallet, A.L., 2018. 
Short-term exposure to elevated pCO2 does not affect the valve gaping response of 
adult eastern oysters, Crassostrea virginica, to acute heat shock under an ad libitum 
feeding regime. J. Exp. Mar. Biol. Ecol. 506, 9–17. https://doi.org/10.1016/J. 
JEMBE.2018.05.005.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly state where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions that all data analysis was conducted using R version 4.0.5, which suggests that the raw data might have been processed using this software. Additionally, the paper cites several sources related to phytoplanktonic production and system respiration in the lagoon of Venice, but none of them seem to provide direct access to the specific dataset used in this study. Therefore, without further information or clarification, I cannot determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.