Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

training sets are presented as confusion matrices in Fig. 6 (bottom row). 
Furthermore, the lower half of Table 4 shows the number of patches for 
each class after data augmentation.

conditions or with trees from a different site). Consequently, when there 
is  data  leakage,  properties  of  the  testing  data  leak  into  the  training 
process,  the  estimation  of  the  generalization  power of  the  network is 
compromised. See (Diez et al., 2021), section 3.1 for more details.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves evaluating the deep learning (DL) network on an independent dataset not seen during training, known as the testing dataset. This allows for the assessment of the network's ability to generalize its learned patterns to unseen data. Additionally, confusion matrices are used to present the results of the training sets, providing insights into the model's performance across different classes. Data augmentation is also employed to increase the amount of training data available, which helps improve the model's robustness and generalization capabilities. However, care must be taken to avoid data leakage, where properties of the testing data inadvertently influence the training process, compromising the estimation of the network's generalization power.