Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

equally biased (Phillips et al., 2009). This is achieved by transforming
the model input data using four approaches which can be categorized
according to two criteria: i) the dataset concerned with the transfor-
mation (presence sites or background sites); and ii) the implementation
spaces of the transformation (geographical or environmental space).
When the presence dataset is considered, the authors aim at modifying
its distribution to tend toward a uniform distribution, and the back-
ground set is obtained via a uniform random selection. The im-
plementation space of such an approach is either the geographical space
(see for example Boria et al., 2014; Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013) or en-
vironmental feature space (see Fourcade et al., 2014; Varela et al.,
2014). This approach seems to be eﬀective, but requires many presence
sites (Fourcade et al., 2014). When the background set is considered, it
is built according to a selection bias that reﬂects the same sampling bias

pres_UNB was

uniformly

randomly

selected

and

One hundred replicates were generated for each set pres_UNB and

pres_B and for each value of k.

2.5. Parameterization of the correction methods

The knowledge found in the literature and provided by experts of
the ecology of the An. darlingi species were used to parameterize the
correction methods described in paragraph 2.1 (Table S1 summarizes
the key aspects of such parameterizations).

2.5.1. BGenv

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any direct mention of specific data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotation, scaling, etc., typically associated with image processing tasks in deep learning pipelines. However, the text does discuss some general strategies employed to address sampling bias in Species Distribution Models (SDMs), which could be seen as analogous to data augmentation techniques in other domains.

In this case, the authors describe four different approaches to modify the input data to reduce sampling bias. These approaches can be classified based on whether they focus on presence sites or background sites, and if their implementation occurs in geographical or environmental spaces.

For instance, when considering the presence dataset, the goal is to alter its distribution towards a uniform distribution. This can be done in either geographical or environmental feature spaces. In contrast, when focusing on the background set, it is constructed based on a selection bias reflecting the same sampling bias.

While these techniques do not directly correspond to traditional data augmentation methods like flipping, rotating, or scaling images, they serve a similar purpose – improving the quality and representativeness of the training data.