Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 2: +e hyperparameters values of the ML models.

Best parameter
Criterion
max_depth
max_features
min_samples_split

Bootstrap
max_depth
max_features
min_samples_leaf
min_samples_split
n_estimators

C
Degree
Gamma
Epsilon
Kernel

Decision tree

Signiﬁcant wave height Water temperature

Mae
7
Auto
4
Random forest
True
100
3
5
8
200
SVR
100
1
Auto
Default
Poly

Mae
10
Log2
Default

True
90
2
5
12
200

1
1
Default
0.2
Poly

decomposing one sample (i.e., minimum of wave height-
series of ocean marine necessary parameters). We used the
seasonaldecompose function from the statsmodels library in

Practically, over/underﬁtting diﬃculties in neural net-
work models are caused by the neural network model’s
excessive/insuﬃcient training epochs [43]. As a result, one
possible solution to the DL-based model’s over/underﬁtting
concerns is to apply the early stopping strategy [44], which is
used to cease training when generalisation performance
starts to degrade for a number of epochs. To track the
generalisation performance,
in the proposed model, the
training data is separated into training and validation
groups.

+e dropout approach [45] is another way to deal with
the overﬁtting problem. Dropout is a regularisation strategy
that allows you to train neural networks with alternative
topologies in parallel by randomly dropping out a certain
proportion of layer neurons. Dropout is indicated by the
black neurons in the fully connected layers, as seen in
Figure 3.

4.2. Machine Learning Models. One of the main obstacles
for designing machine learning models is tuning the
hyperparameters of the model. +is is because diﬀerent
hyperparameter values can lead to diﬀerent accuracy levels.
In the proposed system, four machine learning models are
employed, which are Linear Regression, Support Vector
Regression (SVR), Decision Tree (DT), and Random Forest
(RF). Each learning model is subjected to a grid search in
order to achieve the optimal parameter tuning. +e
hyperparameters are essential for being one of the primary
sources that inﬂuence the behaviour of a machine learning
model
in general. Hence, determining the optimal
hyperparameters combination is a critical goal which re-
duces a predeﬁned loss function and produces better
outcomes. For instance, the degree, kernel, epsilon, and
gamma are all adjusted in SVR to reach the highest ac-
curacy. In RF, however, grid search is applied to determine

train than LSTM [16].

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit information on the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training. However, it mentions that the training data is separated into training and validation groups to track the generalization performance. This suggests that the data might be divided based on a common practice where the dataset is typically split into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. The training set is used to fit the model, while the validation set is used to tune the model's hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. Lastly, the testing set is used to evaluate the final model's performance. The exact proportions or methods used to divide the data are not specified in the given context.