Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.1. Data augmentation accuracy

A common practice to improve the accuracy of a deep learning
model is to do data augmentation. In this section, we compare the ac-
curacy of the network when data augmentation is included during
training. The compared training variations are the following:

(cid:129) No augmentation. The patches only are resized to 32 × 32 and

normalized.

Fig. 8. Training loss.

Fig. 9. Training accuracy.

Fig. 7. Custom LeNet-5 network for cactus recognition.

135

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 10. Validation accuracy.

Fig. 12. Normalized confusion matrix.

(cid:129) Vertical and horizontal ﬂip. In addition to the resize and nor-
malization, the patches are ﬂip vertically or horizontally with prob-
ability 0.5. Both ﬂips are independent events.

The comparison is summarized in Figs. 8, 9 and 10. We can observe
that using data augmentation the loss decreases faster and the accuracy
overcomes the accuracy of the no augmentation strategy for train and
validation sets. In the validation test, the accuracy is very similar for
both variations, however, at the end of the training, the use of vertical
and horizontal ﬂip overcomes the precision of no data augmentation. A
peculiarity of this dataset is that in the ﬁrst epochs of training (less than
20), even though the loss is decreasing the accuracy is not increasing,
we believe that this phenomena is due to the random initial weights,
which require several updates before having impact on the accuracy.

5.2. Accuracy analysis

Training a neural network requires to set several hyper-parameters
such as the learning rate, number of epochs and batch size. The learning
rate is a special one since it deﬁnes how much the weights are ‘moved’
to decrease the loss. A bigger one could cause the network not to learn,
on the other hand, a smaller one could require much more steps for
learning. To decrease this issue, we train the network with Adam op-
timizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015), a variant of the stochastic gradient
optimization where the learning rate is adjusted automatically. The rest
of the parameters are set empirically, more details are presented in the
experiments section.

5. Experiments

In this section, we present the experimental characterization of the
proposed approach. The implemented network was trained with Adam
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015) on a Inter Core i7 machine with
NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. The hyperparameters were set as follows:
learning rate 0.01, number of epochs 150, batch size 2500.

5.4. Dataset extension

The proposed approach has shown good performance (accuracy) for
cactus recognition in aerial images. One way to improve the current
accuracy could be to make deeper the current CNN, however, im-
proving the accuracy with a deeper network will tend to memorize the
dataset due to the model capacity (Goodfellow et al., 2016), causing
model overﬁtting. A better improvement to the current work is to in-
clude more examples in the dataset. Such examples should be obtained
under diﬀerent conditions, some variations are diﬀerent daylight con-
ditions or diﬀerent year seasons. Diﬀerent season pictures will provide
a distinctive context because the rainy season changes all valley's ve-
getation.

Fig. 11. Confusion matrix.

Fig. 13. Example of a cactus image. The axes indicate pixel indices.

136

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 14. Learned kernels and feature maps. The axes indicate pixel indices.

6. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The paper discusses two variations of data augmentation techniques used in their deep learning pipeline. These include:

1. No augmentation: This involves resizing the patches to 32 x 32 pixels and normalizing them without any additional transformations.

2. Vertical and horizontal flip: Alongside resizing and normalization, the patches are flipped either vertically or horizontally with a probability of 0.5. Both flipping operations are independent events.

These data augmentation techniques help improve the accuracy of the deep learning model by providing more diverse input data during training.