Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Online animal sound databases 

In the SILIC framework, the training data is from some of the most 
popular community-contributed animal sound databases (Fig. 1a), such 
as  Macaulay  Library  (sounds  of  birds,  https://www.macaulaylibrary.

The mixed audio clips are then converted into spectrograms as input 
images for model training. The clips are transformed by applying the 
short-time Fourier transform (STFT) with a window size of 1600 sam-
ples,  hop  size  of  400  samples  (75%  overlap),  and  240  mel-scale  fre-
quency bins.  Each spectrogram thus  has a height  of 438 pixels  and a 
width of 436 pixels (Appendix S1: Fig. S4a).

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

Zhang, X., Chen, A., Zhou, G., Zhang, Z., Huang, X., Qiang, X., 2019. Spectrogram-frame 

linear network and continuous frame sequence for bird sound classification. Ecol. 
Inform. 54, 101009. 

Garamszegi, L.Z., 2019. Automatic bird song and syllable segmentation with an 
open-source deep-learning object detection method – a case study in the Collared 
Flycatcher (Ficedulaalbicollis). Ornis Hungarica 27, 59–66. 

Zwart, M.C., Baker, A., McGowan, P.J.K., Whittingham, M.J., 2014. The use of 

automated bioacoustic recorders to replace human wildlife surveys: an example 
using Nightjars (S.G. Willis, Ed.). PLoS One 9, e102770. 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)10153410

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning model. The context mentions the use of short-time Fourier transform (STFT) and converting mixed audio clips into spectrograms for input images, but does not provide details about the deep learning framework or library used for building the model. Some popular deep learning frameworks include TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, and Caffe, among others. However, without further context, we cannot definitively state which one was used in this particular scenario.