Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10263015X. Li et al.

2.2. Data and processing 

Detailed information of the data in this study can be obtained from 
Table 1. The Google Earth Engine platform, as a planetary-level cloud 
computing platform, provides rich remote sensing data (Gorelick et al., 
2017). This study selected the 16-day synthesized MOD13Q1 V6 NDVI 
dataset(MODIS NDVI), the daily NOAA Climate Data Record (CDR) of 
AVHRR NDVI V5 dataset(CDR AVHRR NDVI)(Eric et al., 2024), and the 
third  generation  GIMMS  NDVI  from  AVHRR  sensors  dataset  (GIMMS 
NDVI) on the Google Earth Engine platform. The SPOT/VEGETATION 
products (SPOT NDVI), administrative divisions, and DEM datasets are 
sourced  from  the  Resource  and  Environmental  Data  Center  of  the

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Xin  Li:  Methodology,  Visualization,  Conceptualization,  Software, 
Formal analysis, Writing –  original draft, Data curation, Writing –  re-
view & editing. Jingwen Xu: Supervision, Writing – review & editing, 
Project administration. Yiyang Jia: Data curation. Shuang Liu: Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Yudie  Jiang:  Data  curation.  Zelin  Yuan:  Data 
curation. Huiyu Du: Data curation. Rui Han: Data curation. Yang Ye: 
Data curation. 

Declaration of Generative AI and AI-assisted technologies in the 
writing process 

Statement: During the preparation of this work the author(s) used 
Bingchat in order to translate Chinese into academic English. After using 
this  tool/service,  the  author(s)  reviewed  and  edited  the  content  as 
needed and take(s) full responsibility for the content of the publication. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare no conflict of interest. 

Data availability

GIMMS NDVI and MODIS NDVI is higher in the senescence period than 
in the verdant period for various biota in temperate China (Xiao et al., 
2022). In Inner Mongolia, GIMMS NDVI, MODIS NDVI, and SPOT NDVI 
showed good consistency in July with sufficient vegetation growth, but 
in  January  with  poor  vegetation  growth,  GIMMS  NDVI  values  were 
significantly  higher  than  the  other  three  NDVI  products  (Bai  et  al., 
2019).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there is no mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.