Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3.2. Deficiency and prospect

Fig. 2. Brief presentation of the integrated database. Due to the large amount of data, DEM, SLOP, SOIL, and Vegetation type data are fixed, and other data are 
spatially  displayed  according  to  the  average  values  from  1980  to  2020.  (a–c)  HA  data.  (d–f)  climate  data.  (g–i)  geographic  data.  (j–k)  Vegetation  data.  (l) 
HA intensity. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026865J. Li et al.

fore, there is a necessary to synthesize various types of data to study the 
mechanisms  that  drive  regional  differentiation.  To  perform  regional 
zoning and reveal the driving mechanisms of regional differentiation, it 
is necessary to analyze and process a large amount of highly complex NE 
and HA data (S. Li et al., 2016). Machine learning, an important branch 
of artificial intelligence (AI) that focuses on giving machines the ability 
to  self-learn  and  make  predictions  using  data  and  algorithms,  has 
combined flexibility with the ability to systematically generalize (Lake

large-scale partitioning (Srivastava and Bhambhu, 2005). However, the 
training efficiency of SVM for large sample datasets is not ideal at pre-
sent (Amarappa and Sathyanarayana, 2024), and further optimization of 
the  training  algorithm  is  an  urgent  problem  that  needs  to  be  solved. 
Simultaneously, the boundaries delineated by SVM are not uniform with 
the  administrative  boundaries,  and  the  zoning  results  will  face  diffi-
culties in real applications, which is also a problem to be addressed in 
the future. Because of the increasing long-distance HAs and the remote 
deployment of material and energy, the ability of remote connectivity 
will  be  an  important  driver  of  future  regional  differentiation  (J.  Jiao 
et al., 2020). Quantifying this ability and incorporating it into HA–NE 
coupled zoning will be a topic addressed in future studies.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide specific information about the measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model. However, it mentions that machine learning, including deep learning, combines flexibility with the ability to systematically generalize. This suggests that some form of generalization techniques might have been used, but without explicit details, we cannot confirm if diverse datasets, cross-validation, or stratified splitting were employed.