Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The NDVI data utilized was the MOD13Q1.006 dataset, an L3 image 
product with a spatial resolution of 250 m, updated every 16 days. The 
NDVI value is the monthly maximum value synthesized by the maximum 
value synthesis method. The vegetation type data was reclassified into 
nine  categories:  evergreen  needle-leaved  forest  (ENF),  deciduous 
needle-leaved  forest  (DNF),  deciduous  broadleaved  forest  (DBF), 
mingled  forest  (MF),  shrub,  grassland,  wetland,  arable  land  and  non- 
vegetation.  The  Google  Earth  Engine  (GEE)  platform  was  utilized  to 
obtain and crop the NDVI and vegetation type data. The DEM data was 
obtained from the Resource and Environmental Science and Data Center 
of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, using the SRTM V4.1 dataset after 
resampling.

spatial resolution of 500 m, the meteorological data provided by CMIP6

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026202J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 1. Map of study area.  

3. Methodology 

Table 1 
Data source.  

Data 

NDVI 

Vegetation type data 

DEM 
Temperature, precipitation 

Radiation 
Road data 
GDP data 
Population Data  

Source 

https://code.earthengine.google.com/ 
https://code.earthengine.google.com/ 
https://www.resdc.cn/ 
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/noaa/isd-lite/ 
https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/ 
https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/ 
https://www.openstreetmap.org/ 
https://www.resdc.cn/ 

was resampled, as its original spatial resolution of 1.875
considered too coarse. 

◦ × 1.875

◦

was

values compared with the BIOME-BGC model in the BTH region under 
500 m resolution. 

5.1.2. Downscaling of meteorological data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that various types of data were used for this study. However, the specific data formats used in the deep learning pipeline are not explicitly mentioned. Nevertheless, we can infer some possible data formats based on the available details.

For instance, the NDVI data utilized was the MOD13Q1.006 dataset, which is likely in a raster format due to its spatial resolution and use of satellite imagery. Similarly, the vegetation type data, DEM data, temperature, precipitation, radiation, road data, GDP data, and population data could also be in raster or vector formats depending on their sources and processing methods.

However, without explicit mention of the data formats used in the deep learning pipeline, I cannot provide a definitive answer. It would be best to refer to the actual implementation or contact the authors for more precise information regarding the data formats used in the deep learning pipeline.