Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

2.6. Machine learning models

study and larger datasets do not necessarily produce more precise
models as the use of too much data can lead to model overtraining and
precision loss (Sj¨oberg and Ljung, 1995). Additionally, water quality
datasets are composed of a large number of parameters that often
represent redundant information (Haghiabi et al., 2018; Muharemi
et al., 2019). Despite these known issues, detailed analysis of historical
variation in a dataset is rarely employed for selecting training data
subsets prior to developing predictive models. It is anticipated that their
implementation may improve the training step and, therefore, lead to
improved predictive outputs. For these reasons, analyzing historical
trends in water quality is necessary to find the most variable and
representative scenarios useful for machine learning model training.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Improving river water quality prediction with hybrid machine learning and
temporal analysis

Alberto Fern´andez del Castillo a, Marycarmen Verduzco Garibay a, Diego Díaz-V´azquez a,
Carlos Yebra-Montes b, Lee E. Brown c, Andrew Johnson c, Alejandro Garcia-Gonzalez d, *, Misael
Sebasti´an Gradilla-Hern´andez a, *
a Tecnologico de Monterrey, Escuela de Ingenieria y Ciencias, Laboratorio de Sostenibilidad y Cambio Clim´atico, Av. General Ramon Corona 2514, Nuevo M´exico, CP
45138 Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico
b ENES-Le´on, Universidad Nacional Aut´onoma de M´exico, Blvd. UNAM 2011, Predio el Saucillo y El Po-trero, CP, 37684 Le´on, Guanajuato, Mexico
c School of Geography and water@leeds, University of Leeds, Leeds LS2 9JT, UK
d Tecnologico de Monterrey, Escuela de Medicina y Ciencias de la Salud, Av. General Ramon Corona 2514, Nuevo Mexico, CP, 45138 Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses some aspects related to machine learning models and water quality datasets. The text mentions that using too much data can lead to model overtraining and precision loss, which highlights the importance of selecting appropriate subsets of training data. Furthermore, it suggests that analyzing historical trends in water quality could help identify the most variable and representative scenarios for machine learning model training. Nevertheless, this information does not directly address the query regarding data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline.