Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

our current task. This base network has been trained on a subset of the 
COCO train2017 dataset (Lin et al., 2015), consisting of a few thousand 
images,  using  the  20  categories  present  in  the  Pascal  VOC  dataset 
(Everingham et al., 2010). The transfer learning methodology used in 
our work is shown in Fig. 4. Our deep convolutional neural network uses 
the convolution layers of the Deeplabv3-Resnet101 network as a learned 
feature extractor. We then attached a classification head of 2048 neu-
rons  with  sigmoid  activation.  Therefore,  each  pixel  was  assigned  10 
scores in the range of 0 to 1, for the 10 classes, and the class with the 
highest score was declared as the predicted class for that pixel. We used 
the cross-entropy loss as the objective function for training our network, 
and  the  Adam  (Kingma  and  Ba,  2014)  optimizer  for  updating  the 
trainable parameters.

exposure settings could potentially be used to standardize images and 
enable  distributed  data  collection  of  nadir  photographs  by  groups  of 
personnel  working  at  different  times  of  the  day  and  using  different 
brands of smartphones. Future work could also explore techniques such 
as active learning and pre-training on new semantically related datasets. 
Potential  long-term  implications  of  this  research  include  eventual 
development of a smartphone-based app to quickly and automatically 
estimate percent ground cover and surface biomass loadings in forest 
ecosystems. In recent years, smartphone applications have enabled the 
public to contribute to data collection and participate in citizen science 
programs  (e.g.  iNaturalist,  NoiseTube,  Secchi).  With  crowd-sourcing, 
ground  cover  observations  can  be  collected  in  quantities  that  far 
exceed  those  of  research  programs  that  rely  solely  on  trained  pro-

Drawing training and testing data from the same plot locations has 
the  potential  to  introduce  spatial  autocorrelation.  For  any  spatially 
referenced ecological data, nearby locations can be expected to be more 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016585H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 4. Transfer Learning methodology for training our network.  

acquired at the CK field site, which were not used in either the manual 
comparisons with field data or the deep convolutional neural network 
model  training.  Correlations  between  the  automatically  segmented 
photos and field measured data from the CK field site were undertaken 
with  the  same  methods  described  previously  for  the  manually 
segmented photos collected at the PM and CL field sites. 

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. It would require further investigation or additional resources to determine where the code repository might be located.