Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

of 0.8287. We used the trained model to automatise the classiﬁcation of 500 more images
from the unlabelled training dataset, and we manually ﬁxed any mistakes. We repeated
this process of training, classiﬁcation and checking until all of the 7362 downloaded images
were labelled.

Abstract: Farm dams are a ubiquitous limnological feature of agricultural landscapes worldwide.
While their primary function is to capture and store water, they also have disproportionally large
effects on biodiversity and biogeochemical cycling, with important relevance to several Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs). However, the abundance and distribution of farm dams is unknown
in most parts of the world. Therefore, we used artiﬁcial intelligence and remote sensing data to
address this critical global information gap. Speciﬁcally, we trained a deep learning convolutional
neural network (CNN) on high-deﬁnition satellite images to detect farm dams and carry out the
ﬁrst continental-scale assessment on density, distribution and historical trends. We found that in
Australia there are 1.765 million farm dams that occupy an area larger than Rhode Island (4678 km2)
and store over 20 times more water than Sydney Harbour (10,990 GL). The State of New South Wales

To avoid manual labelling of all 7362 downloaded images, we took a random subsam-
ple of 400 images and labelled them into “dam” or “not dam” and we trained a classiﬁcation
model on the labelled data. We utilised transfer learning by initialising an ImageNet pre-
trained ResNet34 model [30]. We applied an 80–20% split for training and validation
datasets, respectively. To help generalise the model, we used data augmentation with the
fastai get_transforms function [30] and the following arguments: “ﬂip_vert = TRUE” to
allow for vertical ﬂipping of images, “max_lighting = 0.02” to limit overly exposing the
images, “max_zoom = 1” to disable the zooming augmentation, and “to_fp16 = TRUE” to
reduce the memory load on the graphical processing unit (GPU). We set the batch size to
300 images and trained the model with a learning rate of 10−3 for ten epochs. At epoch 5,
we achieved an error rate of 0.1538 (15.38%) a validation loss of 0.4211 and a training loss

We trained our deep learning CNN on 7362 labelled images using the same parameters
detailed above, and we achieved an error rate of 0.1195 (11.95%) with a training loss of
0.3462 and a validation loss of 0.2847. We further ﬁne-tuned the model by unfreezing the
entire model and training at a 10-fold lower learning rate (10−4). The ﬁnal model achieved
an accuracy of 94.8% (error rate of 5.2%) with a training loss of 0.1397 and a validation loss
of 0.1446 with ten epochs (see confusion matrix in Figure S1).

2.2.2. Correcting for False Positives

Locations falsely classiﬁed as containing a dam (i.e., false positives, or commission
error) act to overpredict the real number of dams in Australia. Therefore, we calculated
the probability of false positives by using our deep learning CNN to analyse and validate
ca. 2000 dams in each State and Territory sampled from our compiled database. To do so,

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 319

4 of 15

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is for image classification. Specifically, it was designed to classify high-definition satellite images into two categories: "dam" or "not dam". This was done to aid in the first continental-scale assessment of the density, distribution, and historical trends of farm dams in Australia. The model was based on a convolutional neural network (CNN), specifically a ResNet34 model, which was initialized with weights from an ImageNet pre-trained model. The model was then fine-tuned using a subset of labeled images and later applied to the entire dataset. The final model achieved an accuracy of 94.8%, demonstrating its effectiveness for this specific task.