Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the collected data. Finally, the deep learning algorithms are evaluated and the challenges
of monitoring IAPS are discussed.

Figure 8. Recall of the ResNet50V2 models on the validation set as a function of the annotation size relative to image size.
The validation images were binned according to the relative size of their respective annotations with respect to the image
size (“annotation size”). Each line shows the recall (left axis) of a ResNet50V2 model with a given input image size across
the binned annotation sizes. The recall lines were “smoothed”, using kernel density estimation. The number of images in
each bin is shown as vertical bars (right axis).

When training a deep convolutional neural network, it is important to split the data
into a training set, a validation set, and a test set. The training set is used for optimizing the
parameters of the network, while the validation set is used for monitoring the performance
of the network during training and for comparing the performance of different networks
with, for example, different hyperparameters or network structures. The test set acts as a
ﬁnal evaluation of a network. To ensure a proper evaluation on both the validation set and
the test set, samples in each set must be independent and have similar class distributions.
The full data set can be split in various ways. The naïve approach is to randomly
sample images from the full data set. However, due to the images being captured in
close proximity and potentially having overlapping ﬁelds of views, information may leak
between the data sets when using the naïve approach. Another approach would be to

5.1.1. Network Training Procedure

In both network structures, the ﬁnal classiﬁcation layer was adapted to match the
seven classes (six IAPS and “no species” (Table 2)). The input image size affects the
processing time of each image, but can also impact the classiﬁcation accuracy. Therefore,
the network models were trained on ﬁve different image sizes: 96 × 128 px, 192 × 256 px,
384 × 512 px, 768 × 1024 px, and 1536 × 2048 px (see Supplementary Materials for a visual
comparison of the image sizes). For each image size, a network was trained using either
random weights or weights pre-trained on ImageNet and with global max pooling or
global average pooling before the ﬁnal classiﬁcation layers.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided context, there isn't enough information to determine the exact process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model. This includes details such as model serialization and platform selection. It appears that the focus of this text is primarily on the training procedure of the deep learning models rather than their deployment.