Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine-learning aiding sustainable Indian Ocean tuna purse seine fishery 

Nerea Goikoetxea a, *, Izaro Goienetxea b, Jose A. Fernandes-Salvador a, Nicolas Go˜ni c, 
Igor Granado b, I˜naki Quincoces a, Leire Ibaibarriaga a, Jon Ruiz a, Hilario Murua d, 
Ainhoa Caballero b 
a AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Txatxarramendi Ugartea z/g, 48395 Sukarrieta, Spain 
b AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Herrera kaia, Portualdea z/g, 20110 Pasaia, Spain 
c LUKE, Natural Resources Institute Finland, It¨ainen Pitk¨akatu 4A, FI-20520 Turku, Finland 
d International Sustainable Seafood Foundation, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, United States   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Aria, M., Cuccurullo, C., Gnasso, A., 2021. A comparison among interpretative proposals 

for Random Forests. Machine Learn. Appl. 6, 100094. 

Arostegui, M.C., Gaube, P., Woodworth-Jefcoats, P.A., Kobayashi, D.R., Braun, C.D., 

2022. Anticyclonic eddies aggregate pelagic predators in a subtropical gyre. Nat 609 
(7927), 535–540. 

Arregui, I., Go˜ni, N., Chifflet, M., 2019. Migration patterns of yellowfin, skipjack and 
bigeye tunas in the tropical Atlantic, based on recent tagging and recapture data. 
Collect. Vol. Sci. Pap. ICCAT 76 (6), 903–950. 

Arrizabalaga, H., Dufour, F., Kell, L., Merino, G., Ibaibarriaga, L., Chust, G., Irigoien, X., 
Santiago, J., Murua, H., Fraile, I., Chifflet, M., Goikoetxea, N., Sagarminaga, Y., 
Aumont, O., Bopp, L., Herrera, M., Fromentin, J.M., Bonhomeau, S., 2015. Global 
habitat preferences of commercially valuable tuna. Deep-Sea Res. II Top. Stud. 
Oceanogr. 113, 102–112. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsr2.2014.07.001.

• SMO  (SVM  clone)  (Platt,  1998):  Kernel  method  that  creates  a  hy-
perplane where the categories are divided by a clear gap that is as 
wide as possible. 

• Multilayer  Perceptron  (Haykin,  1994):  A  classifier  that  uses  back-
propagation to learn a multi-layer perceptron to classify instances.  
• Naïve Bayes (John and Langley, 1995): Statistical learning algorithm 
based on Bayesian rules. Given that the value of the class is known, it 
assumes independence between the occurrence of feature values to 
predict the class.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Sustainable fishing 
Bycatch 
Machine-learning 
Tropical tuna 
Fisheries oceanography 
Species distribution models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline for this study. However, common data annotation techniques used in deep learning pipelines include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. These techniques help label or categorize objects within images or videos, which can then be used to train machine learning algorithms such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The choice of technique depends on the specific application and the desired output. For example, bounding boxes may be sufficient for object detection tasks, while instance segmentation might be necessary for more detailed analysis like identifying individual fish species in underwater footage.