Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

Data  consumers,  particularly  modelers  and  machine  learning  de-
velopers, are utilizing data from many data packages and sources at a 
greater  pace  than  ever  before.  Citation  of  large  collections  of  data 
packages or specific integrated data within and across data packages is 
an  under-appreciated  challenge.  We  described  some  of  the  options 
currently available to repositories for providing integrated citations as 
well  as  their  pros  and  cons.  Which  option  is  best  depends  on  the 
particular  use  case.  In  all  cases,  these  options  have  the  potential  to 
enable a compact citation for a paper. However, both data collections 
and  especially  dynamic  data  citations  require  significant  specialized 
infrastructure and interfaces to be built at the repository to create them 
and  to  ensure  appropriate  credit  to  data  producers,  and  none  of  the 
options have seen broad universal adoption. Data papers are currently

Currently, dynamic data citations are most advantageous to support 
query-based data downloads within a single repository or data aggre-
gator and specifying subsets of data. It is particularly useful when data is 
standardized  and  specific  data  can  be  readily  integrated  within  and 
across datasets from a search query, such as integrated species occur-
rence records from hundreds of data sources in GBIF. The data consumer 
only needs to reference one citation for the custom query and download 
instead  of  all  the  underlying  data  packages.  It  also  helps  support 
repeatability and accurate credit since it enumerates the exact subset of 
the data retrieved from the repository (Rauber et al., 2016b).

The most significant challenge in implementing data collections is 
ensuring that the datasets included in a collection receive appropriate 
credit for papers citing the collection (primary  rather than secondary 
citations). Ideally, paper(s) citing the collection should also propagate to 
the citation counts of underlying datasets. There is little or no support 
for data collection creation and usage in the current data repository and 
publisher infrastructure. Other challenges involve deciding authorship 
for a data collection (the collection creators, the authors of the under-
lying  datasets,  both,  or  nobody),  and  ensuring  that  usage  licenses  of 
underlying datasets allow that they be compiled into a collection (e.g. 
compliance with dataset attribution requirements). Potential solutions 
to  the  issue  of  collection  authorship  may  include  implementing  the 
CRediT  (https://casrai.org/credit/)  roles  for  authors  involved  in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: I apologize, but the given context does not provide information about data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I am unable to provide a helpful response based on the provided context.