Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ResNet-50 is a convolutional neural network model that uses skip 
connections,  which  made  it  possible  to  get  good  performance  with 
deeper models than was previously possible (He et al., 2015). Training 
deep neural networks can result in exploding gradients, and skip con-
nections  were  introduced  to  ameliorate  that  problem.  ResNet-50  was 
chosen  for  comparison  as  it  is  a  proven  CV  classification  model.  It  is 
commonly used and provides a well-performing baseline. 

Inception-V3  is  a  convolutional  neural  network  used  for  image 
classification, that has an auxiliary classifier that acts as a regularizer 
(Szegedy et al., 2015b). The Inception-V3 architecture is built on pre-
vious Inception models, with the aim of making the V3 computationally

For  few-shot  learning,  CLIP  (Contrastive  Language  Image  Pre- 
training)  is  a  combination  of  two  transformer  models  that  was 
recently introduced. It consists of a text encoder and an image encoder, 
and is trained using contrastive learning to allow the image encoder to 
learn  visual  concepts  through  natural  language  supervision  (Radford 
et al., 2021). The image encoder maps an image to a vector that can be 
considered a robust semantic feature representation of the image, which 
can transfer to diverse tasks and often perform competitively with fully 
supervised baselines in a zero-shot fashion, without the need for fine- 
tuning.  CLIP  was  trained  on  400  million  images  from  the  web  along 
with their captions. While these models have shown impressive perfor-
mance, they are not perfect and have, for example, shown limited zero- 
shot  performance  in  detecting  tumors  on  x-ray  images.  We  aim  to

82% agreement of the annotators.

Askell, A., Mishkin, P., Clark, J., Krueger, G., Sutskever, I., 2021. Learning 
Transferable Visual Models from Natural Language Supervision. 

Shaffi, N., Hajamohideen, F., 2021. Few-shot learning for Tamil handwritten character 
recognition using deep Siamese convolutional neural network. In: Mahmud, M., 
Kaiser, M.S., Kasabov, N., Iftekharuddin, K., Zhong, N. (Eds.), Applied Intelligence 
and Informatics. Springer International Publishing, pp. 204–215. https://doi.org/ 
10.1007/978-3-030-82269-9_16. 

S´olmundsson, J., Kristinsson, K., Steinarsson, B., Jonsson, E., Karlsson, H., Bj¨ornsson, H., 
Palsson, J., Bogason, V., Sigurdsson, T., Hj¨orleifsson, E., 2010. Manuals for the 

Szegedy, C., Liu, W., Jia, Y., Sermanet, P., Reed, S., Anguelov, D., Erhan, D., 

Vanhoucke, V., Rabinovich, A., 2015a. Going deeper with convolutions. Proc. IEEE 
Conf. Comput. Vis. Pattern Recognit. 1–9. 

Szegedy, C., Vanhoucke, V., Ioffe, S., Shlens, J., Wojna, Z., 2015b. Rethinking the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the available context.