Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

deep learning platform,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 66980–66989, 2019.

[22] J. Wang, Y. Chen, W. Feng, H. Yu, M. Huang, and Q. Yang, ‘‘Transfer
learning with dynamic distribution adaptation,’’ ACM Trans. Intell. Syst.
Technol., vol. 11, no. 1, pp. 1–25, Feb. 2020.

[23] H. Jiang, K. Wang, Y. Wang, M. Gao, and Y. Zhang, ‘‘Energy big data: A

survey,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 4, pp. 3844–3861, 2016.

[24] R. Liu, Y. Shi, C. Jia, and M. Jia, ‘‘A survey of sentiment analysis based
on transfer learning,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 85401–85412, 2019.
[25] S. J. Pan and Q. Yang, ‘‘Survey on transfer learning,’’ IEEE Trans. Knowl.

Data Eng., vol. 22, no. 10, pp. 1345–1359, Oct. 2010.

[26] L. Shao, F. Zhu, and X. Li, ‘‘Transfer learning for visual categoriza-
tion: A survey,’’ IEEE Trans. Neural Netw. Learn. Syst., vol. 26, no. 5,
pp. 1019–1034, May 2015.

predicting or classifying sophisticated data. However, scarce
data and constrained resources may cause overﬁtting, and
signiﬁcant data feature points can be easily missed, affect-
ing the classiﬁcation accuracy. To counter overﬁtting and
manage the data imbalance, we adopted various types of
data augmentation techniques for the images of different bird
species based on image feature availability. Images of each
species were augmented 10 times, including the original bird
images, by using the augmentation techniques such as rota-
tion 45◦, Gaussian noise, horizontal/vertical ﬂipping, contrast
enhancement, sharpening of images, zoom range [0.7,1.3]
and afﬁne transformations.

In deep learning, a deep network [30], [31] is consid-
ered better than a shallow network because it learns rele-
vant features layer-by-layer with more precision and achieves
high-level feature extraction (texture, shape, size, color), con-
necting a set of features to a label from a given set of input
categories. However, in practice, deep learning networks have
some problems. For instance, deep neural networks often
suffer from the problem of vanishing gradients, wherein a
deep multilayer feed-forward network is difﬁcult to train and

FIGURE 1. Twenty-nine endemic bird species to Taiwan.

The structure of this paper is organized as follows.
Section II describes data acquisition and preprocessing of
acquired dataset to overcome imbalanced and data overﬁt-
ting. Section III focuses on the deep learning models and
enhancement of ﬁne grained feature extraction accuracy by
swapping the misclassiﬁed data between the training and
validation datasets. Section IV illustrates the experimental
setting and the hardware requirements. Section V endorses
the proof of concept and validation of the purposed method-
ology. Section VI emphasizes the signiﬁcances of endemic
birds and its habitation. Finally, Section VII summarizes the
impact of the purposed model and presents directions for
future study.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The authors used several data augmentation techniques to address overfitting and manage data imbalance. These techniques include rotation 45 degrees, adding Gaussian noise, horizontal/vertical flipping, contrast enhancement, sharpening of images, zoom range [0.7,1.3], and affine transformations. Each bird species' images were augmented ten times, including the original bird images.