Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Specificity

database into training (80%) and testing sets (20%), and then trained and tested a convolutional neural network 
(AlexNet,  AN);  three  boosting-based  classifiers  (AdaBoost,  AB;  Gradient  Boosting,  GB;  and  Histogram-based 
Gradient Boosting, HB); and a linear discriminant model (LD). We assessed identification accuracy and speci-
ficity with logit-binomial generalized linear mixed models fit in a Bayesian framework. Differences in perfor-
mance across algorithms were mainly driven by AN’s essentially perfect accuracy and specificity, irrespective of 
picture angle or bug position. HB predicted accuracies ranged from ~0.987 (Panstrongylus, dorsal-oblique) to 
>0.999  (Triatoma,  dorsal-flat).  AB  accuracy  was  poor  for  Rhodnius  (~0.224–0.282)  and  Panstrongylus 
(~0.664–0.729), but high for Triatoma (~0.988–0.991). For Panstrongylus, LD and GB had predicted accuracies

2.3. Algorithm training and testing 

We trained all algorithms on a random subset of 5256 pictures (80% 

of  the  6570-picture  dataset).  To  gauge  performance  consistency,  the 
training-testing  process  was  repeated  10  times  for  each  algorithm;  in 
each of these (pseudo-)replicate runs, all five algorithms used the same 
training and testing picture subsets.

Fisher, R.A., 1936. The use of multiple measurements in taxonomic problems. Ann. 

Eugenics 7, 179–188. 

Flusser, J., Zitova, B., Suk, T., 2009. Moments and Moment Invariants in Pattern 

Recognition. Wiley, New York.  

Freund, Y., Schapire, R.E., 1997. A decision-theoretic generalization of on-line learning 

and an application to boosting. J. Comput. Syst. Sci. 55, 119–139. 

Bender, A., Python, A., Lindsay, S.W., Golding, N., Moyes, C.L., 2020. Modelling 

Friedman, J.H., 2001. Greedy function approximation: a gradient boosting machine. 

geospatial distributions of the triatomine vectors of Trypanosoma cruzi in Latin 
America. PLoS Negl. Trop. Dis. 14, e0008411. 

Bolker, B.M., 2018. GLMM Worked Examples. Complete separation, Digression. https 
://bbolker.github.io/mixedmodels-misc/ecostats_chap.html#digression-complete-s 
eparation (accessed 19 July 2023).  

Bolker, B.M., Brooks, M.E., Clark, C.J., Geange, S.W., Poulsen, J.R., Stevens, M.H.H.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of their deep learning model, the authors took several measures. Firstly, they created a diverse dataset consisting of 6570 images of insects belonging to three different genera (Triatoma, Rhodnius, and Panstrongylus). This diversity in the dataset helped prevent overfitting and improved the model's ability to generalize well to unseen data. Secondly, they split the dataset into training (80%) and testing sets (20%). By doing so, they could train the model using one set of data and evaluate its performance on another independent set, which is crucial for understanding how well the model can perform on new, unseen data. Lastly, they repeated this training-testing process ten times for each algorithm to gauge performance consistency. In each of these pseudo-replicate runs, all five algorithms used the same training and testing picture subsets. These steps ensured that the results obtained were not due to chance and that the model would likely perform similarly when applied to other datasets.