Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ways  in  which  to  minimize  biased  training  of  machine  learning 
models  with  clustered  data  is  an  outstanding  challenge  (e.g.,  Meyer 
et al., 2018, 2019). We hypothesize that the improvements to predictive 
performance observed here using covariance-weighted bagging may be 
a  result  of  reduced  bias  during  model  training  from  down-weighting 
over-sampled  information,  but  this  was  not  tested  explicitly.  A  suit-
able experiment to explore this topic could simulate a surface from a pre- 
defined combination of response functions to environmental variables, 
and  test  for  the  capacity  to  recover  the  responses  using  covariance 
weighted bagging under various clustering scenarios. Simultaneously, it 
would be informative to observe the automatic variable selection and 
regularization behaviour of the bagging model. 

5. Conclusions

point locations. Modelled relationships are used to predict the value of 
the response over the full extent of the environmental data to produce 
maps of predicted distributions.

training  (i.e.,  bagging),  then  to  obtain  unbiased  estimates  of  model 
performance  without  omitting  portions  of  the  feature  space  during 
validation. An important note is that the latter procedure also enables 
leveraging of spatial autocorrelation information for model prediction. 
Bagging normally proceeds by drawing many bootstrap samples of 
the data and training models on each, which are aggregated to form an 
ensemble predictor (Breiman, 1996). Individual data points each have 
probability P(si) = 1
n  of being selected during a single draw of a single 
bootstrap sample, where si  is one of n data points distributed over the 
study  area.  Non-independent  data  observations  can  be  considered  as 
partial replication of some information in the modelling dataset. In an 
extreme example, consider two data points at the same location with 
exactly the same environmental measurements. We could conceptualize

Machine learning for predicting soil classes in three semi-arid landscapes. Geoderma 
239–240, 68–83. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.geoderma.2014.09.019. 

Brus, D.J., 2023. Spatial Sampling with R. Chapman and Hall/CRC, Boca Raton. https:// 
doi.org/10.1201/9781003258940. Available at. https://dickbrus.github.io/Spatial 
SamplingwithR/. Accessed 7 May 2023.  

Brus, D.J., Kempen, B., Heuvelink, G.B.M., 2011. Sampling for validation of digital soil 

maps. Eur. J. Soil Sci. 62, 394–407. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365- 
2389.2011.01364.x. 

Calvert, J., Strong, J.A., Service, M., McGonigle, C., Quinn, R., 2015. An evaluation of 

supervised and unsupervised classification techniques for marine benthic habitat 
mapping using multibeam echosounder data. ICES J. Mar. Sci. 72, 1498–1513. 
https://doi.org/10.1093/icesjms/fsu223.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific purpose or type of the deep learning model used. However, based on the context, we can infer that the model might be used for predicting soil classes or mapping environmental data. The term'response function' suggests that the model is likely used for regression tasks, such as predicting continuous values related to environmental variables. Additionally, the mention of 'variable selection and regularization behavior' indicates that the model might involve feature engineering or dimensionality reduction techniques. Lastly, the reference to'spatial autocorrelation information for model prediction' implies that the model takes into account the spatial relationship between different data points, possibly for generating maps or visualizing predictions across geographical areas.