Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

, j ∈ Sk(t)

(4) 

In Eq. (4), η(t) is the learning rate, which decreases with time t, and 

Sk(t) is the neighborhood of the output neuron j at time t.  

(5)  The process is repeated using a new input vector. 

2.4.4. Clustering quality index (CQI) 

Owing to the characteristics of unsupervised clustering of SOM net-
works,  changing  the  number  of  categories  significantly  affects  the 
clustering results, and determining the number of categories is the key to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026864J. Li et al.

(1)  Initialization is performed, with a small random initial value (wij) 
being assigned to the connection weights of N input and output 
neurons  and  an  initial  neighborhood  being  set  for  each  output 
neuron j.  

(2)  A new input sample vector (X) is provided.  
(3)  The Euclidean distances (dj) between the input sample and each 
output  neuron  j  are  calculated,  and  the  neuron  (k)  with  the 
minimum distance is the winning output unit. 

⃦
⃦
X (cid:0) Wj

⃦
⃦ =

dj =

√
√
√
√

̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅
∑N
]2

[
xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

i=1

(3) 

In Eq. (3), X is the input sample vector, Wj  is the weight vector, N is 
the number of input neurons, xi is the ith input neuron, wij is the random 
initial value of the connection weight between the ith and jth neurons, 
and t is time.  

ʹ
(4)  The neighborhood Sk(t) and renewal weight (w
ij) of the winning 

neurons and neurons in the neighborhood are provided. 

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

large-scale partitioning (Srivastava and Bhambhu, 2005). However, the 
training efficiency of SVM for large sample datasets is not ideal at pre-
sent (Amarappa and Sathyanarayana, 2024), and further optimization of 
the  training  algorithm  is  an  urgent  problem  that  needs  to  be  solved. 
Simultaneously, the boundaries delineated by SVM are not uniform with 
the  administrative  boundaries,  and  the  zoning  results  will  face  diffi-
culties in real applications, which is also a problem to be addressed in 
the future. Because of the increasing long-distance HAs and the remote 
deployment of material and energy, the ability of remote connectivity 
will  be  an  important  driver  of  future  regional  differentiation  (J.  Jiao 
et al., 2020). Quantifying this ability and incorporating it into HA–NE 
coupled zoning will be a topic addressed in future studies.

fore, there is a necessary to synthesize various types of data to study the 
mechanisms  that  drive  regional  differentiation.  To  perform  regional 
zoning and reveal the driving mechanisms of regional differentiation, it 
is necessary to analyze and process a large amount of highly complex NE 
and HA data (S. Li et al., 2016). Machine learning, an important branch 
of artificial intelligence (AI) that focuses on giving machines the ability 
to  self-learn  and  make  predictions  using  data  and  algorithms,  has 
combined flexibility with the ability to systematically generalize (Lake

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, it mentions the use of a learning rate (η(t)) in equation (4) which decreases over time (t). This suggests that some form of optimization technique might be employed during the learning process, but without more explicit details, we cannot confirm if it is specifically SGD, Adam, or any other optimization method.