Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 1 
An example training instance for different weakly-labeled settings. Here yj indicates the targets of an instance. Red indicates an 
error in the training data (deviation from ground truth) – it is not known to the user where errors occur. Note that in the weak 
j=1yj = 1 and yj⩾0). In our setting 
label setting, only 0s may be errors. Shading represents a constraint (in this example, that 
(structurally incomplete), the constraint may not be met, but errors are neither random deviations. Mixtures of these settings 
are possible, e.g., we may have structurally incomplete with missing labels, etc. 

∑
5

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018492R. Beigait˙e et al.

by a random percentage.  

2.  Random reduction. We reduce each target in the composition by a 
random fraction. In this case, some targets can be reduced to 0.  
3.  Non-random (biased) reduction. We reduce targets randomly, as 
in the random reduction. However, only a few selected targets are 
being reduced. This  way, we imitate  the biased incompleteness of 
only some target labels. 

Then, we compare the mean absolute error (MAE) left in the data 
after we employ baseline approaches from Section 2.2 (taking no action 
and applying normalization) and partial imputation algorithm (Section 
2.3)  to  this  artificially  incomplete  data.  MAE  is  averaged  over  1000 
repetitions for each experiment. 

In the partial imputation algorithm, we use two types of clusters:

1. Introduction 

Target variables are usually fully labeled in the classical supervised 
machine learning setting. In real-world predictive tasks, however, labels 
are often scarce and/or noisy. Various definitions and terms are used in 
the  literature  to  describe  variants  of  noise  and  scarceness  of  labels 
(Allison, 2001; Xie and Huang, 2018; Nikoloski et al., 2021; Sun et al., 
2010; Gao et al., 2017; Alarc´on and Destercke, 2021; Van Engelen and 
Hoos, 2020), and each setting requires tailored approaches for exploit-
ing such target labels. In this study, we formulate a new computational 
setting for regression, where target labels are structurally incomplete. We 
computationally study this task via a case study in predictive modeling 
of global vegetation cover. 

1.1. The vegetation modelling task

A related research question in ecology and biogeography is how to 
predict the potential natural vegetation (PNV). PNV is the expected state 
of mature vegetation, given a particular set of environmental constraints 
in the absence of human intervention (Chiarucci et al., 2010). At first, 
PNV models were constructed based only on expert knowledge, whereas 
nowadays, various statistical techniques and machine learning methods 
are more widely employed (Hemsing and Bryn, 2012). In Hengl et al. 
(2018), authors evaluate different machine learning methods, such as 
neural  networks,  random  forests,  gradient  boosting,  and  k-nearest 
neighbours,  for  PNV  mapping  in  a  classification  setting.  The  latter 
example  describes  global  PNV  mapping.  However,  most  PNV  studies 
focus on specific areas or regions (Raja et al., 2019; Vaca et al., 2011; 
Hemsing and Bryn, 2012). 

1.2. Why the task is difficult

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about any specific deep learning model or its evaluation process. Therefore, I cannot determine what measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model.