Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5.1. Encoding Path

The encoding path of our network was composed of three encoding blocks; each block was
composed of a convolutional layer with a ﬁlter of size (3, 3) and a ReLU activation function [32] ,
a dropout layer to force each neuron to learn more than only one feature, a second convolutional layer
followed by ReLU activation, and a max pooling layer with the size (2,2), which replaced each 2 × 2
region on the feature map by the region’s maximum value and thus decreased the size of the feature
map by keeping only the highest values.

2.5.2. Decoding Path

In general, the limitations of deep learning in comparison to other machine learning methods
are the requirement of large and high-quality training data, as well as hardware limitations related to
GPU computing power. The most notable advantage of deep learning is the grade of automatization
and a high potential to generalize when using large amounts of representative training data, which
might, however, not always be available; especially with respect to ground-truth labels that might be
scarce or not exist at all.. Furthermore, the black-box nature makes these algorithms a good choice for
classiﬁcation as suggested in this study, but a challenge for modeling physical properties, as is often
the case in forestry. This case study relied on high-resolution orthophotos with 20-cm spatial resolution
obtained from an aerial survey. The great advantage of these data is that many details can be detected.

encoding and decoding blocks and are summarized in Table 1. These experiments were monitored
using TensorBoard and validated on the validation portion of the dataset.

shown in Figure 4 and is suited for our purpose as it does not require a large number of training samples
(it was the winner of the International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI)cell tracking challenge
in 2015 using only 30 images of a size of 512 × 512) [19]. The analogy between the sensor technology
used in biomedical imagery and remote sensing [28] suggests the suitability of this architecture for
remote sensing applications. The architecture is divided into two parts, the encoder and the decoder
paths (Figure 4). The encoder reduces the spatial dimensionality of the feature maps and learns to
keep only the most important features. The decoder increases the spatial dimensionality and learns
to recover the full spatial information. Due to the depth of the network, the information from the
encoding path is concatenated in the decoding path, which helps to assemble a more precise output [19].

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, among others, but without specific information, I cannot provide a definitive answer.