Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

that encompasses CNN.

Nowadays, machine learning and the artificial neural network (ANN) 
computational technique are emerging tools which has put forth a va-
riety  of  remarkable  advancements  in  algorithms  and  processing  tech-
niques. These techniques have been capable of developing models for 
accurate  prediction  utilizing  correlation  patterns  between  input  and 
output datasets, and have been utilized to solve problems in biological 
sciences  (Haykin,  1994;  Kolay  and  Baser,  2014;  Lashkarblooki  et  al., 
2012; Tufail et al., 2008; Yilmaz and Kaynar, 2011). Some researchers 
have  used  image  analysis  with  machine  learning  (ML),  deep  learning 
(DL) and model combination (MC) techniques to identify, monitor and 
estimate plant disease severity under field conditions (Alves et al., 2022; 
Mzoughi  and  Yahiaoui,  2023;  Singh  et  al.,  2022,  2023).  Moreover, 
Revathi and Hemalatha (2014) and Caldeira et al. (2021) have used ML

including multiple linear regression, machine learning (bootstrap forest, 
boosted tree), and deep learning (ANN) models through statistical and 
machine learning methods and compare them for prediction accuracy. 
The ultimate aim was to develop a holistic model with better accuracy 
and reliability for the prediction of CLCuD which ultimately can help 
timely application of management decisions in the prevailing climatic 
conditions.

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the deep learning model used in this study is an Artificial Neural Network (ANN). However, there is no explicit mention of other specific types of deep learning models such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Therefore, we cannot definitively state that any of these models were used in the pipeline. It is important to note that ANNs are a broad category of neural networks that can be structured in various ways depending on the problem being addressed. In summary, while the text does not provide enough information to determine if more specialized deep learning architectures like CNNs, RNNs, or Transformers were used, it does indicate that an ANN was part of the modeling process.