Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Scaling hypotheses

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020262L. Chiaverini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

1000 m, 2000 m, 4000 m, 6000 m, 8000 m and 10,000 m (Chiaverini 
et al., 2022; Macdonald et al., 2020).

A key point in machine learning is represented by the data, not only 
by the algorithms. The structure of the training data can have profound 
and critical effects on the outcomes of models trained with the RF al-
gorithm. While this is an important point which is worthy of evaluation, 
our dataset was limited to a collection of camera trap data on several 
species which makes it difficult to comprehensively compare the effects 
of the data and its structure. We note that this is better explored with 
simulation, as in a recent paper from our group (Kumar et al., 2021) 
which  indeed  showed  that  the  spatial  pattern  and  shape  of  the  envi-
ronmental manifold itself affects performance of GLM and RF. 

5. Conclusions

more similar scales than models for different species; (7) models for the 
same genus would have more similar scales than models for different 
genera;  (8)  models  for  species  from  the  same  study  area  would  have 
more similar scales than species from different study areas; (9) models 
trained with the same algorithm would have more similar scales than 
models trained with a different algorithm.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. It primarily discusses the use of Random Forests (RF) algorithm and Generalized Linear Models (GLM), focusing on the importance of data structure and scale in these models rather than the details of their implementation. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the available context.