Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning techniques over the identification of Collembola on a 
new manually annotated dataset.

the  observations  of  specific  features  that  experts  would  use,  like  eye 
plates ocular fields or antennas when they are clearly visible. Automa-
tion  of  Collembola  identification  with  a  deep  learning  model  would 
allow the use of Collembola on a much higher scale. Our study carries 
significant implications for the field of Collembola species identification 
on microscope slides. It shed light on Yolov5, specifically Yolov5x6 on 
the identification of species on images taken with a microscope, and as a 
powerful tool in the automation of such identifications. It is noteworthy 
that  the  variety  of  identification  difficulties  emphasizes  the  need  for 
more  annotations,  which  would  significantly  improve  model  perfor-
mance.  In  summary,  while  some  species  are  harder  to  identify  than 
others, our model shows potential in the identification of species of in-
terest,  and  overall,  our  model  is  poised  to  provide  substantial  time

lembola  in  agricultural  soils,  often  relatively  poor  in  diversity,  deep 
learning would allow the mass use of this indicator. It could allow ex-
perts to save time by focusing their attention on less frequent species. 
Microarthropods  (including  Collembola  and  Acari)  identification  and 
analysis of Collembola with deep learning has already been tried before 
(Kampichler et al., 2000; Sys et al., 2022), but even though optical mi-
croscopy is not something new in deep learning, learning, Collembola 
identification through microscopic slides has never been done before. 
This study aims at the investigation of the effectiveness of deep learning 
on species identification via microscope slide images, particularly in the 
context of Collembola identification. In this context, two hypotheses are 
presented.  The  first  hypothesis  suggests  that  a  state-of-the-art  deep 
learning model can accurately detect and identify most Collembola at

Ten species of interest, common and known to be abundant in agricul-
tural  soils,  were  chosen  to  be  automatically  identified  with  deep 
learning as a proof of concept: Ceratophysella denticulata (Bagnall, 1941) 
(CERDEN),  Ceratophysella  Gibbosa  (Bagnall,  1941)  (CER-GIB),  Hemi-
sotoma  thermophila  (HEM-THE)  (Axelson,  1900),  Hypogastrura  manu-
brialis (Tullberg, 1869) (HYP-MAN), Lepidocyrtus cyaneus (Schille, 1908) 
(LEP-CYA), Lepidocyrtus Lanuginosus (Gmelin, 1788) (LEP-LAN), Meta-
phorura  affinis  (B¨orner,  1902)  (MET-AFF),  Isotomiella  minor  (Sch¨affer, 
1896) (ISO-MIN) and Parisotoma notabilis (Sch¨affer, 1896) (PARNOT). 
These species have been chosen to identify if state-of-the-art models of 
deep  learning  can  detect  and  identify  the  interspecies  morphological 
similarity and the intra-species morphological variance of Collembola. 
To  give  examples  of  similarity,  the  species  Parisotoma  notabilis  and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. However, it might be helpful to check any related publications or contact the authors directly for more details about the data repository link.