Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016833M.S. Freeman et al.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016836 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M.S. Freeman et al.

kernel range). The threshold used was the 10th percentile training presence. For each metric the best model is highlighted in bold where higher was better for AUC, TPR, TSS and Kappa and lower better for Omission.

sampling  effort  e.g.,  some  species  records  were  sourced  from  surveys 
that  recorded absence  in  addition  to  presence-only incidental  records 
from the public. All records were combined to create a bias grid (using 
the previous upweighted area combined with a weighted distribution of 
occurrences), calculated using the Gaussian function:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability of the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a specific answer to this query based on the provided text. It would be necessary to refer to the original source or contact the authors directly to obtain this information.