Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

We used the well-developed deep learning algorithm Mask-RCNN to 
quantitatively analyze soil bacterial communities from three contrasting 
locations (Greenland, Sweden and Kenya), showing that the approach is 
capable to be used in laboratory incubations and in situ in field experi-
ments.  Furthermore,  we  demonstrated  that  the  method  is  able  to 
quantify bacterial abundance and morphology variance across latitudes. 
With this, we provide a proof of concept of a novel analytical technique 
using deep learning-based image analysis with microfluidics in order to 
understand  and  explain  population  and  community  dynamics.  This 
approach is an important contribution to connecting controlled, high- 
resolution  microbial  analysis  to  field  experiments  and  to  add  pheno-
typic  analysis  to  soil  microbial  diversity  studies.  The  concept  of 
combining microfluidic soil chips with deep learning image detection

potential of deep learning algorithms in bacterial image recognition of 
environmental samples using these datasets and provide guidelines for 
dataset preparation and training. With the increasing user-friendliness 
of  deep  learning  for  biology  groups  without  much  AI  experience,  we 
found that image annotation equivalent to a few weeks’ work can pro-
vide satisfactory information on bacterial populations within the chips. 
This method is expected to be useful for environmental microbiological 
research  and  analysis  using  imaging  methods,  particularly  on  micro-
fluidic  platforms,  where  the  combination  of  controlled  experimental 
manipulations  and  monitoring  of  processes  with  high  environmental 
realism,  including  chemo-physical  conditions  and  biotic  interactions, 
presents significant potential. 

2. Experimental methods 

2.1. Soil sample acquisition

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Bacterial community characterization by deep learning aided image 
analysis in soil chips 

Hanbang Zou a, *, Alexandros Sopasakis b, François Maillard a, Erik Karlsson a, Julia Duljas a, 
Simon Silwer a, Pelle Ohlsson c, Edith C. Hammer a, 1 
a Biology, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
b Mathematics, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
c Biomedical Engineering, Lund University, Lund, Sweden   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Soil bacterial cell counting 
Segmentation 
Microfluidics 
Microbial image recognition 
Morphological biodiversity 
Bacterial traits

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository is available based solely on the given context.