Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

Dimitri Korsch is a Research Associ-
ate in the Computer Vision Group at
Friedrich  Schiller  University  Jena,
Germany.  He received his BSc and
MSc  degree  in  IT-Systems  Engi-
neering from University of Potsdam
in  2013  and  2016,  respectively.  His
research  interests  include  unsuper-
vised  machine  learning,  reinforce-
ment learning as well as fine-grained
visual categorization.

32. M. Simon, E. Rodner, and J. Denzler, “Part detector
discovery  in  deep  convolutional  neural  networks,”  in
Asian  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  (ACCV)  (2014),
pp. 162–177.

33. Van G. Horn, O. Mac Aodha, Y. Song, Y. Cui, C. Sun,
A.  Shepard,  H.  Adam,  P.  Perona,  and  S.  Belongie,
“The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection
Dataset,” in IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2018), pp. 8769–8778.
34. G. Yang and D. Ramanan, “Upgrading optical flow to
3D scene flow through optical expansion,” in Proceed-
ings  of  the  IEEE/CVF  Conference  on  Computer  Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2020), pp. 1334–1343.

PATTERN RECOGNITION AND IMAGE ANALYSIS 

 Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

488

RADIG  et  al.

object  boundaries.  We  therefore  argue  that  weights
initially  optimized  for  color  images  are  also  valuable
for  detecting  such  features  in  depth  images.  As  the
ResNet-50 architecture expects a three-channel RGB
input image as input, its first convolutional layer has to

We then trained a standard deep learning classifier
(ResNet-50 [16] pre-trained on ImageNet [30]) on the
cropped  bounding  box  images  of  the  detected  moths
and  achieved  an  average  accuracy  of  89.00%  on  an
held-out test set. We also make use of additional images
obtained  from  Internet  image  search  engines  to  aug-
ment the training dataset. However, since this leads to
noisy annotated images, filtering different types of label
noise  is  required  as  proposed  by  [6].  This  can  further
improve  the  recognition  performance  of  the  system,
especially when the initial training set has been rather
small with less than ten sample images per species.

CONCLUSIONS

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model used by Dimitri Korsch is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, based on the information available, it appears that the model is being used for object detection and classification. Specifically, the model is being applied to detect moths within images and then classify them into their respective species. This is evident from the statement mentioning the training of a ResNet-50 model on cropped bounding box images of detected moths, which resulted in an average accuracy of 89.00% on a held-out test set. Additionally, the authors discuss augmenting the training dataset with images obtained from internet search engines, suggesting that they aim to improve the model's ability to recognize various moth species accurately.