Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Medium 
Small 
Medium 
Small 
Medium 
Small 

61.83 
56.79 
62.20 
57.23 
65.76 
60.16 

38.17 
43.21 
37.80 
42.77 
34.24 
39.84

The proposed classification network in this paper demonstrates su-
perior performance on the dataset, as indicated by the results presented 
in Table 3. In each classification network, the accuracy for the “medium” 
is consistently higher than that for the “small”. Besides, the experimental 
data in Table 3 also indicates that the classification network proposed 
achieves the highest classification accuracy among the “medium”  and 
“small”.  In  our  proposed  model,  the  classification  accuracy  for  both 
“medium”  and “small”  is improved by 3.56% and 2.93% respectively, 
compared to the ResNet50 and ViT. Additionally, the classification ac-
curacy for the “medium” is 5.6% higher compare with the “small” in the 
CA-Hybrid network.

classify  objects  of  different  sizes.  The  results  obtained  are  shown  in 
Table 3.

89.2 
71.9 
88.9 
91.3 
92.8  

increase in accuracy compared to the ResNet and ViT. By incorporating 
CAM, the network gains the capability to attend to important regions, 
thus improving classification accuracy.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears there isn't a direct mention of the specific strategy used to monitor the model performance during training. However, we can infer from the data provided that the authors have evaluated their proposed model against other models such as ResNet50 and ViT using a dataset containing objects of different sizes ("medium" and "small"). They have reported the classification accuracy achieved by these models in Table 3. From this table, we can see that the proposed model outperforms both ResNet50 and ViT in terms of classification accuracy for both medium and small objects. Furthermore, they mentioned that the use of Class Activation Mapping (CAM) has helped improve the classification accuracy by enabling the network to focus on important regions within the input images. Therefore, while the exact monitoring strategy is not explicitly stated, it seems that the authors have relied on evaluating the classification accuracy of their model against benchmark models like ResNet50 and ViT to assess its performance during training.