Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  PLUS  model  consists  of  two  main  modules:  the  transformed 
specification mining framework based on the land expansion analysis 
strategy (LEAS) module and the cellular automata (CA) model based on 
a multi-type random patch seed mechanism (CARS). In the LEAS mod-
ule, the PLUS model employs the random forest algorithm to obtain the 
development probabilities of each land use type based on two periods of 
land use data. This approach is considered superior to the FLUS model, 
which  uses  an  artificial  neural  network  (ANN)  to  determine  develop-
ment  probabilities  based  on  only  one  period  of  land  use  data.  Addi-
tionally,  the  PLUS  model  proposes  a  decreasing  threshold  rule  for 
generating  patch  seeds.  This  gradual  constraint  on  patch  growth  of 
various land use types is achieved through the iterative process. Cells 
with a higher total probability are more likely to change preferentially

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10262014J. Zhang et al.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026209J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 7. Spatial distribution of NDVI from 2001 to 2020.  

Fig. 8. Spatial distribution of predicted NDVI in 2030.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10262010J. Zhang et al.

spatial resolution of 500 m, the meteorological data provided by CMIP6

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it does not explicitly state which specific deep learning framework was used to build the models mentioned in the text. The PLUS model utilizes the Random Forest algorithm, but this is not a deep learning framework like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the usage of TensorFlow or PyTorch in building these models.