Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

to analyze and estimate these variables at global scale, over most of the 
Earth forest surface specially in remote areas where no local LiDAR data 
are  available  and  where  the  vertical  structure  of  the  forest  is  very 
complex and poorly understood (Burns et al., 2020).

2.3. LiDAR data 

2.3.1. GEDI LiDAR data 

We estimated the HH using the recently published and freely avail-
able LiDAR GEDI CHMs Lang10m (Lang et al., 2022; Lang et al., 2022) 
(downloaded  here:  https://langnico.github.io/globalcanopyheight/) 
and Potapov30m (Potapov et al., 2021) (downloaded here: https://glad. 
umd.edu/dataset/gedi/). 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020823M. Torresani et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 2. In white, the center of the 30 plots situated in the 2 forested areas of San Genesio/Jenesien and Monticolo/Montiggl in South Tyrol (Italy). Background image 
used: Google Image at February 21th 2023. Coordinates in WGS 84/ UTM zone 32 N (EPSG:32632).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model for generating the Lang10m CHM or any other models mentioned. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context.