Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Algorithms 

We used five machine-learning algorithms based on three different 
principles: a pre-trained convolutional neural network (AlexNet); three 
boosting-based  classifiers  (AdaBoost  Adaptive  Boosting,  Gradient 
Boosting,  and  Histogram-based  Gradient  Boosting);  and  a  linear 
discriminant  model.  Here,  we  briefly  describe  the  characteristics  of 
these algorithms and the inputs that they require; further details can be 
found in the references provided below. 

The  architecture  of  AlexNet  (‘AN’  hereafter),  which  includes  five 
convolutional  layers  and  three  fully-connected  layers,  has  60  million 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024302V.L. de Miranda et al.

Automated identification of Chagas disease vectors has the potential 
to strengthen entomological surveillance systems – which are currently 
weak, and overall getting weaker, across Latin America. To realize such 
potential fully, automated identification algorithms should be capable of 
working accurately with pictures of uneven, possibly low quality/reso-
lution taken with ordinary cellphone cameras. Our results suggest that 
convolutional  neural  networks  may  indeed  have  that  capacity,  and, 
hence, that human expertise and artificial intelligence could team up to 
provide  fast,  reliable  taxonomic  support  to  ‘extended’  (or  ‘hybrid’), 
participatory  surveillance  systems  with  broad  geographic-ecological 
scope. However, not all triatomine bug species have the same public- 
health relevance, so future research should focus on combining mixed- 
quality  pictures and pre-trained neural networks to identify adult tri-

AN  was  implemented  in  MATLAB  (www.mathworks.com).  For 
training,  we  used  the  stochastic  gradient  descent  with  momentum 
optimizer with default settings except for the initial learning rate (which 
we set to 0.001) and the maximum number of epochs (which we set to 15 
after  preliminary  tests).  The  ‘classical’  machine-learning  algorithms 
(AB, GB, HB, and LD) were run in Python (www.python.org) using the 
scikit-learn toolbox (Pedregosa et al., 2011). We left hyperparameters at 
scikit-learn  default  values,  except  for  the  learning  rate  of  GB  and  HB 
(which we set to 0.15) and the tolerance threshold value for LD (set to 1 
× 10

specimens,  our  species-level  coverage  was  still  limited;  therefore,  we 
focus on algorithm performance at the genus level, for which we were 
able  to  gather  large  enough  samples  of  specimens  and  pictures.  We 
follow  the  currently  accepted  systematic  arrangement  for  the  Tri-
atominae (Monteiro et al., 2018), with all our bugs falling into one of the 
three genera to which the main vectors of human Chagas disease, from 
the USA to Argentina, all belong – Triatoma, Panstrongylus, and Rhodnius 
(WHO,  2002).  Our  assessment  shows  that  convolutional  neural  net-
works can identify these major triatomine genera with very high accu-
racy  using  low-resolution  pictures  taken  with  ordinary  cellphone 
cameras, irrespective of the angles or positions at which the bugs were 
photographed.  This  result  paves  the  way  for  ‘hybrid’  entomological 
surveillance systems  combining  human  taxonomic expertise  with  ma-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The study uses a pre-trained convolutional neural network called AlexNet (AN) as part of its machine learning pipeline. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are a type of deep learning model commonly used for image recognition tasks due to their ability to automatically learn spatial hierarchies of features from images. In this case, AN is employed to help automate the identification of Chagas disease vectors by analyzing pictures of triatomine bugs captured with ordinary cellphone cameras. The goal is to improve entomological surveillance systems in Latin America by providing accurate and efficient taxonomic support through a combination of human expertise and AI-powered analysis.