Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1012843P.A. Kowalski et al.

of districts within the NUTS3 units. 

In summary, it should be emphasized that both the environmental 
data, i.e. the information related to population and geographic condi-
tions, and the air pollution data, are of the Big Data type. Its volume is in 
the order of terabytes in size. 

5. Data processing results and analysis 

5.1. The course of COVID-19 cases

may reach up to 40% of all infected patients.

The author of (Coro, 2020) introduced a means of establishing the 
◦
infection rate of COVID-19 globally at a 0.5
resolution via a Maximum 
Entropy  based  Ecological  Niche  Model  (ME-ENM).  This  model  was 
designed to identify geographical areas as a potential that is subject to a 
high infection rate. It indicated the locations that could contribute to the 
increase of the infection rate by virtue of their particular geophysical 
(surface  air  temperature,  precipitation,  and  elevation)  and  human- 
related  characteristics  (carbon  dioxide  and  population  density).  ME- 
ENM was trained on high infection rate data from 54 Italian provinces 
(up to the end of March 2020) and then tested using datasets from World 
country reports. The application of ME-ENM allowed for the determi-
nation of a risk index capable of identifying countries and regions having 
a  high  risk  of  disease  increase.  The  presented  results  implied  that  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.