Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

System, n.d.). Table 1 shows the specific data types and their sources.

Funding 

none. 

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Jing  Quan:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  –  original  draft, 
Software, Methodology, Data curation. Yaqian Kong: Software, Meth-
odology, Data curation. Qian Wang: Visualization, Software, Method-
ology. Yuxin Zhang: Writing – review & editing, Methodology, Funding 
acquisition, Conceptualization. 

Declaration of competing interest 

none. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

References 

A Y S, A D G, B J L, et al., 2017. Methodology and applications of city level CO 2 emission 

accounts in China[J]. J. Clean. Prod. 161, 1215–1225. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
jclepro.2017.06.075. 

Cai, L., Luo, J., Wang, M., et al., 2023a. Pathways for municipalities to achieve carbon 
emission peak and carbon neutrality: a study based on the LEAP model[J]. Energy 
262, 125435. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.energy.2022.125435.

Its  data  sources  mainly  include  the  following:  (1)  The  nighttime 
lighting data is extended NPP-VIIRS-like NTL Data for 2000–2021. The 
dataset  is  available  for  free  download  at  the  National  Earth  System 
Science Data Centre (National Earth System Science Data Center, n.d.). 
(2) Provincial statistical energy data for 2000–2021 are obtained from 
the China Statistical Yearbook (China Statistical Press, n.d.), municipal 
statistical data are obtained from the Xi'an Statistical Yearbook (Xi'an 
Municipal  Bureau  of  Statistics,  n.d.),  and  carbon  emission  factors  for 
various energy sources are obtained from the “2019 Refinement to the 
2006  IPCC  Guidelines  for  National  Greenhouse  Gas  Inventory”.  (3) 
Administrative  boundary  data  for  Xi'an  (district,  county,  and  street 
administrative  boundaries)  were  provided  by  the  National  Basic 
Geographic Information System (National Basic Geographic Information

A =

44
12

∑9

i=1

GiKiEi

(2-1)  

where  i  is  the  type  of  energy  source;  Gi  is  the  annual  consumption 
amount of energy i, Ei  is the standard coal conversion factor of energy 
source type i, and each type of energy consumption can be converted to 
standard coal consumption based on its calorific value; Ki is the emission 
coefficient of CO2 for each type of energy source; and 44/12 is the molar 
ratio of CO2  to C. The energy consumption statistics of this study are 
broadly classified into nine categories, encompassing raw coal, crude, 
coke, gasoline, kerosene, diesel fuel, fuel oil, natural gas, and electricity. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024544Y. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

2.3.2. Constructing provincial-scale fitting models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide explicit information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions some data sources such as nighttime lighting data, provincial statistical energy data, administrative boundary data, and various energy sources. These data could have been collected using different methods like remote sensing for nighttime lighting data, government databases or reports for statistical energy data, geospatial data providers for administrative boundary data, and possibly sensors or direct measurements for various energy sources. But without more specific details, we cannot definitively state which methods were used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline.