Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A  widely  used  feedforward  ANN  is  the  Multi-Layer  Perceptron 
(MLP), constituted by one input layer, one or more hidden layers, and a 
layer of output neurons. The neurons are connected to the ones of the 
next layer with a certain weight and, in each neuron, the weighted sum 
of input variables is transformed into an output value through an acti-
vation function, defined as: 

Y = ψ

( ∑

)
wi*xi + b

where wi is the weight, xi is the neuron input, b is the neuron bias, and ψ 
is the activation function.

(cid:0) 3, 10

(cid:0) 4;  

The following configuration optimized the performance of the model 
and was accordingly adopted for analysis: Adam solver (Kingma and Ba, 
(cid:0) 4,  constant  learning 
2014),  10 neurons  per  hidden  layer, alpha  = 10
rate, and rectifier activation function, also called Rectified Linear Unit 
(ReLU) activation function, defined as: 

(

)

{

ReLU

k

=

k, if k > 0;
0, if k⩽0.

(14) 

In the case of the RF, the hyperparameters include the number of 
decision trees in the forest, the maximum depth of the decision tree, the 
number of features considered by each tree when splitting a node, etc. 
This  set  of  hyperparameters  was  tested  using  the  grid  configuration 
shown below:  

1.  Number of decision trees: from 100 to 1000 (in steps of 100);  
2.  Number of features to consider at every split (max features): auto,

sqrt, log2, None;  

3.  Maximum number of levels in decision tree: None, or from 10 to 100 

(in steps of 10);

4.2. Performance evaluation and results

ETa), where DOY is the Day Of the Year and the actual evapotranspi-
ration  ETa  represents  the  variable  of  interest.  This  feature  has  854 
missing values, and for this reason, the proposed neural network models 
are exploited for ETa  predictions and gap-filling. The climate variables 
and consequently the ETo feature have only three missing values in the 
dataset,  while  the  SWC,  and  VIs  features  have  56  and  1179  missing 
values, respectively, over the four years of observation. 

3.3. Machine learning models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding any specific data augmentation techniques applied in the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined which data augmentation techniques were utilized in the deep learning pipeline.