Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

Fig. 3. The study area Traunstein (Germany). The border of the study area is shown in red. The white dots show the center of all the plots. Background image used: 
Google Image at February 21th 2023. Coordinates in WGS 84/ UTM zone 32 N (EPSG:32632). 

Lang10m  was  derived  fusing  the  GEDI  and  Sentinel-2  images 
through a deep convolutional neural network (Lang et al., 2022). It has 
spatial resolution of 10 m and is valid for the year 2020. The canopy top 
height was defined as the relative height at which 98% of the energy was 
returned  (RH98).  For  the  modelling  GEDI  observations  for  which  the 
image was cloudy or snow-covered were excluded.

decades to contrast the losses of biodiversity worldwide (Skidmore et al., 
2021).  Other  groups  such  as  the  Group  on  Earth  observations  Biodi-
versity Observation network (GEO BON) promote a common framework 
of  essential  biodiversity variables  (EBVs)  for the  monitoring  of  biodi-
versity worldwide, integrating primary observations from in situ mea-
surements  with  remote  sensing  data.  The  use  of  the  latter  data  is 
nowadays  crucial  for  estimating  global  biodiversity  (Rocchini  et  al., 
2022; Michele et al., 2018) since Earth observation represents a key tool 
for  monitoring  different  habitats  worldwide  and  their  biological  di-
versity. It became rapid and affordable to acquire large environmental 
information at multiple temporal and spatial scales mainly due to the 
fast progresses in the development of new and accurate sensors (having 
higher spatial and spectral resolution) and vectors (that can cover vast

Potapov30m was derived using GEDI, Landsat and SRTM data and a 
regression tree algorithm. It has spatial resolution of 30 m and is valid 
for  the  year  2019.  The  estimate  of  GEDI  canopy  height  used  in  the 
models represents the 95th percentile of energy return height relative to 
the ground (RH95). To select the highest quality training and validation 
data they used for the modelling only observations collected in power 
beam mode, during the night, and with beam sensitivity 0.9. In addition, 
they  excluded  observation  collected  during  the  leaf-off  season  in 
temperate and boreal forests. 

Validation of Potapov30m using ALS data performed by the authors 
themselves showed ME of (cid:0) 3.8 m, RMSE of 9.07 m, and MAE of 6.36 m

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot determine if it is hosted on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. Please refer to additional sources or contact the original authors for this specific information.