Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

URL. https://medium.com/sentinel-hub/improving-cloud-detection-with-machine- 
learning-c09dc5d7cf13 (accessed 4.14.22).  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203216

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wetlands 
Wetland use intensity 
East Africa 
Ecosystem health 
Earth observation 
Sentinel-2

played in Table 3, so that the overall proportion of the complete dataset 
can be described as representative of land use classes in the study area. 
An overview of the plot locations is presented in Fig. 4.

We use the 2010 spatial dataset and refer to it as the legally binding 
and spatially explicit management framework and not to other variable 
information  that  was  captured  in  the  wetland  inventory  in  2008. 
Although there is a more recent ministerial order from 2017, it largely 
confirmed  the  wetlands'  respective  management  categories.  Some  ex-
ceptions are, for example, newly delineated wetlands or wetlands dis-
associated from larger complexes (Government of Rwanda GoR, 2017). 
Since the 2017 dataset was not available as a spatial dataset but only in 
table format, we compared the spatial information in the 2010 dataset 
with the tabular information in the 2017 dataset and selected all wet-
lands that stayed in the same management category and for which the 
area did not change by more than ±15% as compared to the baseline. 
Thus, only wetlands consistent in managerial conditions and approxi-
mate boundaries between the two datasets were considered for further

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in machine learning and Earth observation applications, possible techniques could include bounding box annotation for object detection tasks, such as identifying clouds in satellite imagery, or semantic segmentation for pixel-level classification, like distinguishing different types of land cover. Instance segmentation might also be employed if individual objects within a class need to be identified separately. Without additional information, it cannot be determined which specific technique(s) were utilized in this case.