Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the percentage value of the dropout layers, the learning rate, and the 
batch size, the optimal model was obtained with an R value of 0.76.

2.3. Model optimization 

The model performance optimization process is broadly divided into 
two stages, as shown in Fig. 3. The R value of the validation set is used as 
the performance indicator during the optimization process, whereby R is 
maximized  using  the  grid  search  method.  During  the  first  stage,  the 
neural network structure and the number of neurons in the hidden layers 
are  adjusted.  In  total,  60  sets  of  combinations,  including  one  to  five 
hidden layers and neurons with a range of 64–2048 (nth  power of 2), 
were considered. The second stage involves adjusting the percentage of 
the dropout layers, the learning rate, and the batch size, to achieve a 
total of 192 combinations (4*4*3*4).

2.1.3. Data partition 

The raw dataset was randomly shuffled, after which the shuffled data 
were divided into training, validation, and test sets. The training set was 
used to learn the parameters of the model during the training process, 
and the validation set was used to evaluate the modeling and tune its 
hyperparameters. Finally, the performance and generalizability of the 
optimal model were evaluated using the test set. The data partitioning 
ratio between the training, validation, and test sets was set as 8:1:1 and 
the random partition was repeated ten times to reduce the influence of 
random splitting while ensuring converged performance (Geras et al., 
2017). 

2.2. MLP model and model assessments 

2.2.1.

Introduction of MLP

The performance of a neural network is traditionally improved by 
optimizing  its  hyperparameters,  which  influence  the  overall  model 
performance.  Using  different  hyperparameter  combinations  (e.g., 
combining  different  learning  rates  and  dropout  values)  will  lead  to 
marked  differences  in  the  predictive  performance  of  a  model.  As  a 
traditional  hyperparameter  optimization  method,  the  grid  search 
approach is widely used to optimize a model by comparing the values of 
evaluation  metrics  for  different  parameters  and  selecting  the  optimal 
parameters from a large search space (Bhagat et al., 2020). This method 
can optimize the model by comparing the values of evaluation metrics 
for different parameters and selecting the optimal parameters from the 
search space. In this study, the grid search method was used to optimize 
five of the MLP model’s hyperparameters. The hyperparameter adjust-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the criterion used to determine when training is complete is maximizing the R value of the validation set. The R value is used as the performance indicator during the optimization process. To find the optimal combination of hyperparameters, the grid search method is employed. This method compares the values of evaluation metrics for different parameter combinations and selects the best ones from a large search space. In this case, the goal is to maximize the R value of the validation set. Therefore, training continues until no further improvement can be made to the R value on the validation set.