Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

cation  studies,  a  lack  of  data  is  the  greatest  challenge  and  limitation 
researchers encounter (Schneider et al., 2019). With the data collection 
compiled  in  this  work,  we  contribute  the  largest  fully  labeled  snow 
leopard dataset for deep learning research. In addition, we anticipate 
that our novel deep learning methods will encourage other academics to 
contribute  more  datasets  to  Whiskerbook.org  for  the  purpose  of 
continuously curating and enhancing the data used to improve the deep 
learning pipeline. Comparing these results to those of an earlier study by 
Johansson et al. (2020) that depended on human manual classification, 
without  AI  or  software,  determined  that  observers  significantly  over-
estimate  the  true  abundance.  AI-based  individual  ID  within  Whiske 
rbook.org  has  demonstrated  the  potential  to  enhance  the  precision 
and  efficiency  of  manual  observers,  approaching  more  accurate  esti-

comprehensive graph matching software within the Wild Me software 
suite for cleaning data at the standard suitable for deep learning algo-
rithms. Two manual observers participated in exhaustive rounds of ID 
decisions in a process called graph matching of the 12,311 annotations, 
whereby  two  images  are  placed  side  by  side,  and  the  observer  de-
termines  whether  the  images  are  the  same  individual  or  different  in-
dividuals (same animal, different animal, cannot tell), and ranks their 
level  of  certainty  (undeniable,  certain,  somewhat  certain,  mostly  un-
certain, completely uncertain). This level of comprehensive individual 
ID enabled the subsets of our dataset to have the highest certainty for 
imagery from a field-based dataset. 

2.4. Min-3/Max-10 

A Min-3/Max-10 data subset is frequently used for training machine 
learning algorithms such as PIE. This data subset comprises individuals

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Research-related  requests  for  annotations  and  data  used  for  ML 
training in this paper can be requested in COCO format (Lin et al., 2020) 
via the corresponding author and must be expressly and independently 
permitted by author Eve Bohnett or through an established collabora-
tion on Whiskerbook.org. Data can also be reviewed and shared via a 
collaboration request to user Eve Bohnett inside the Whiskerbook.org 
system. 

Acknowledgements

Bhattacharya, S., Sultana, M., Das, B., Roy, B., 2022. A deep neural network framework 
for detection and identification of bengal tigers. Innov. Syst. Softw. Eng. https://doi. 
org/10.1007/s11334-021-00431-5. 

Bian, X., Liang, X., Weckworth, B., Jyal, D., Hull, V., Yang, L., 2022. Spatial density 

estimate of the snow leopard, Panthera uncia, in the Central Tibetan Plateau, China. 
Integr. Zool. https://doi.org/10.1111/1749-4877.12672, 1749-4877.12672.  

Blount, D., Minton, G., Khan, C., Levenson, J., Dulau, V., Gero, S., Parham, J., 

Holmberg, J., 2018. Flukebook – Continuing Growth and Technical Advancement for 
Cetacean Photo Identification and Data Archiving, Including Automated Fin, Fluke, 
and Body Matching, p. 13. 

Blount, D., Holmberg, J., Parham, J., Gero, S., Gordon, J., Levenson, J.J., 2021a.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I do not know which hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model.