Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

neural network. Comput. Electron. Agric. 173, 105439 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
compag.2020.105439. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10239910

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Fully automatic system for fish biomass estimation based on deep 
neural network 

Tianye Zhang a, b,c, d, Yuqiao Yang d, Yueyue Liu a, b, c, d, Chenglei Liu e, Ran Zhao a, b, c,d, 
Daoliang Li a,b,c, d, Chen Shi a, b, c, d, * 
a National Innovation Center for Digital Fishery, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
b Key Laboratory of Smart Farming Technologies for Aquatic Animal and Livestock, Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, China Agricultural University, Beijing 
100083, China 
c Beijing Engineering and Technology Research Centre for Internet of Things in Agriculture, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
d College of Information and Electrical Engineering, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
e Mingbo Aquatic Co., Ltd, Laizhou, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Aquaculture 
Mass estimation 
Neural network 
Sustainable production

fish leads to greater errors in weight estimation. Consequently, the use of 
a deep learning network for high-quality target detection proved crucial 
in dealing with the complexities of the underwater environment. Using 
fish body area as a parameter to estimate body weight resulted in higher 
accuracy with a MRE of 3.44% (Shi et al., 2022). However, a consid-
erable  amount  of  image  processing  work,  including  segmentation, 
erosion, and angle correction, led to a decline in the efficiency of body 
weight estimation. Therefore, the proposed method for fully automatic 
biomass  estimation  had  minimized  the  workload  and  complexity  of 
image preprocessing, thereby increasing the efficiency and robustness of 
body weight estimation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not provide information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that the authors used a deep neural network for high-quality target detection but does not specify any details regarding the implementation or availability of the code.