Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We trained IUC-NN on all species with an IUCN RL as-
sessment and available occurrence records. Prior to the
training, we randomly split the data set into a training
set (90% of the entries) and a test set (10%). We used
20% of the training set for validation. Because the size
of the data set was comparatively small, we performed
cross-validation by shifting the validation set 5 times to
quantify the average validation cross-entropy loss and ac-
curacy. We then used the neural network with the lowest
cross-entropy loss across a range of models with differ-
ent numbers of hidden layers and subsets of features to
predict the conservation status of all orchid species at
2 levels: binary (possibly threatened vs. not threatened)
and detailed (CR, EN, VU, NT, and LC). See Supporting
Information for details on the network architecture and
training. We combined the IUC-NN assessments with dis-
tribution data from WCSP to show the number and pro-

generally high for CR, EN, and LC classes and low for
the intermediate VU and NT classes (Supporting Infor-
mation). Accuracy was highest for species the IUCN con-
sidered threatened by natural systems modification and
energy production and mining and lowest for species
threatened by human intrusion and disturbance and pol-
lution (Supporting Information). Relative to the IUCN
RL, the accuracy of index-based methods to identify pos-
sibly threatened and not threatened species was higher
with IUCN15 (69.9%, n = 359) and ThreatSearch (78.6%,
n = 14), similar with IUCN2008 (64.4%, n = 810), and
lower with SRLI (57.1%, n = 261) (Supporting Informa-
tion).

Conservation Biology
Volume 35, No. 3, 2021

Pfab MF, Victor JE, Armstrong AJ. 2011. Application of the IUCN Red
Listing system to setting species targets for conservation planning
purposes. Biodiversity and Conservation 20:1001–1012.

R Core Team. 2019. R: a language and environment for statisti-
cal computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna,
Austria.

Rivers MC, Taylor L, Brummitt NA, Meagher TR, Roberts DL, Lughadha
EN. 2011. How many herbarium specimens are needed to detect
threatened species? Biological Conservation 144:2541–2547.

Roberts DL, Taylor L, Joppa LN. 2016. Threatened or data deficient: as-
sessing the conservation status of poorly known species. Diversity
and Distributions 22:558–565.

Rodrigues ASL, Pilgrim JD, Lamoreux JF, Hoffmann M, Brooks TM.
2006. The value of the IUCN Red List for conservation. Trends in
Ecology & Evolution 21:71–76.

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors implemented a strategy to monitor the model performance during training by using a portion of the training set for validation. Specifically, they used 20% of the training set for this purpose. To further ensure robustness and reliability of their results, they also employed cross-validation by shifting the validation set five times. This allowed them to quantify the average validation cross-entropy loss and accuracy. After training multiple models with different numbers of hidden layers and feature subsets, they selected the one with the lowest cross-entropy loss for predicting the conservation status of orchid species.