Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The equipment required for the implementation of FIT is minimal. A 
basic digital camera (e,g. a Sony CyberShot) or smartphone can capture 
data at a minimum recommended 1600 × 1200 pixels. A metric scale is 
required. Images can be stored on an external or cloud-based drive. A 
standard home-office laptop computer can run the required analyses. In 
areas where human resources are already deployed for monitoring at- 
risk species (eg anti-poaching or community-outreach), data collection 
can be integrated at very little extra cost. In areas where this is not the 
case,  salaries  for  data  collectors  are  required  for  fieldwork,  but  this 
comes with the benefits of community capacity-building. The costs of 
implementing camera-trap or eDNA survey for low density populations 
may be considerably higher but will vary greatly depending on the area 
to be surveyed and local costs. Jewell et al. (2020) offered a qualitative

Whilst the basic approach of the pugmark technique led to inaccur-
acies of population estimates, we have demonstrated in this study that a 
robust  and  statistically  valid  approach  such  as  FIT,  if  included  in  a 
methodological  framework  that  can  satisfy  sampling-based  survey 
methodology requirements (Gopalaswamy et al., 2019), has the poten-
tial to be a useful tool to provide optimal census and monitoring capa-
bility through tiger ranges. When FIT is used by data collection teams 
that have even rudimentary tracking skills, it can overcome the reser-
vations put forward about the use of footprints for conservation moni-
toring (Karanth et al., 2003). For  example, field operatives with very 
basic  training  or  accompanied  by  trackers  can  identify  left  and  right 
hind footprints and collect images according to the FIT protocol (an app 
is being developed to collect the necessary images with smartphones).

jubatus (Jewell et al., 2016); Lowland tapir, Tapirus terrestris (Moreira 
et al., 2018) and Giant panda, Ailuropoda melanoleuca (Li et al., 2018). 
Examples of three different field applications of FIT were reported by for 
a closed population of black rhinoceros, based on the requirement for 
data granularity, frequency of monitoring and availability of local re-
sources using this same technique (Jewell et al., 2020).

situations where field data collectors have no experience locating foot-
prints, or there are no local trackers available, it may also be difficult to 
collect enough data. The existence of footprints is also dependent on the 
vagaries of the weather, and so planning a short window of fieldwork 
with no flexibility can present further challenges. In areas where pop-
ulation densities are extremely low (as reported in this study), finding 
enough  signs  (in  this  case  footprints)  for  a  full  survey  may  be  chal-
lenging,  and  require  more  effort,  but  this  applies  to  most  if  not  all 
techniques  for  monitoring  populations  that  exist  at  low  density.  No 
longitudinal studies have yet been undertaken to assess the variability of 
footprints  over  time  and  this  is  an  area  worthy  of  investigation.  Our 
preliminary field observations suggest that frequent monitoring might 
allow changes in track size and shape over time to be incorporated in the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the method utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline is primarily focused on capturing images of animal footprints. This is done using either a basic digital camera or a smartphone capable of taking pictures at a minimum resolution of 1600 x 1200 pixels. Additionally, a metric scale is required during data collection to ensure accurate measurements. The collected images are then stored on an external or cloud-based drive for further analysis.

In cases where human resources are already deployed for monitoring at-risk species, such as anti-poaching or community outreach efforts, data collection can be easily integrated into their existing workflows without significant additional costs. However, in areas where such resources are not readily available, salaries for data collectors would need to be factored into the budget for fieldwork. It should be noted that while implementing other methods like camera-traps or eDNA surveys for low-density populations could potentially result in higher costs, these expenses would depend largely on the specific area being surveyed and local costs.

Overall, the primary focus of data collection in this context revolves around capturing high-quality images of animal footprints using standard consumer devices like cameras or smartphones. Integration with existing conservation efforts and leveraging local resources play a crucial role in minimizing costs associated with data collection.