Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Digitization and annotation

2.4. Training protocols

The models were all trained with the same parameters: 500 epochs, 
an initial learning rate of 0.01 with a weight decay of 0.005, the opti-
mizer Adam was chosen, with a beta1 of 0.937, and data augmentation 
transformations  were  applied  while  training.  Data  augmentation  is  a 
technique used in machine learning to artificially increase the size of a 
dataset  by  creating  new  samples  from  the  existing  ones.  Augmented 
samples are used to train the model more effectively by increasing its 
ability to generalize and its accuracy on the test dataset. The advantage 
of this technique when dealing with a low amount of data such as in our 
case, is the reduced risk of overfitting, since models are exposed to more 
variations, they will tend  to less memorize the dataset. This  becomes 
essential when you have limited data to train models with, which is a 
common problem in deep-learning applications. Another advantage is

evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning techniques over the identification of Collembola on a 
new manually annotated dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, there isn't any explicit mention of specific data annotation techniques like bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it does discuss the process of digitization and annotation under section 2.1, but without providing details about the exact methodology employed for annotation.

Furthermore, the text mentions the use of data augmentation transformations during the training phase. Data augmentation is a strategy used to expand the size of the dataset by applying various modifications to the original images, such as rotating, flipping, zooming, cropping, etc. These alterations help create additional training examples, thereby improving the model's ability to generalize and reducing the risk of overfitting.

Although not explicitly stated, one can infer that some form of image annotation must have been performed beforehand to provide ground truth labels for the supervised learning task. Depending upon the nature of the task, different types of annotations could be utilized, including bounding boxes, polygons, semantic segmentation, or instance segmentation. Nonetheless, based solely on the provided information, we cannot definitively determine the precise type(s) of annotation techniques employed in their deep learning pipeline.