Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  analysis  of  observational  complex  networks  can  inform  novel  ap-
proaches for model representations (e.g. stochastic block models (Fas-
kowitz  et  al.,  2018)).  A  special  feature  of  this  work  is  that  we  have 
concentrated on diel cycles, but concerning the possibility that FCMs can 
be  formed  for  any  recording  groups,  other  time  scales  also  become 
feasible. For instance, networks for days, weeks or months can be build 
or  we  could  even  analyze  networks  within  single  recordings.  Finally, 
evolving networks could reveal transitions in the dynamics of the urban 
AE (Belykh et al., 2014).

two examples for the LUTs “Main Street” and “Urban Forest”, depicting 
every step from the FCM, to thresholding, to the adjacency matrix and its 
respective network representation.

However,  although  research  on  the  urban  AE  gained  traction  in 
recent years, sophisticated methods to quantify its complex properties 
on  a  larger  scale  are  still  scarce.  This  is  especially  true  for  big  audio 
datasets, which are so extensive that listening to the files becomes no 
longer  feasible.  To  date,  few  approaches  have  been  used  to  quantify 
large datasets of the urban AE. Classical approaches reach their limits 
when  it  comes  to  analyzing  longer  recording  periods  (e.g.  several 
months) (Gage et al., 2017). In recent years, sound event classification 
using  machine  learning  approaches  became  more  popular  (Phillips 
et al., 2018; Sethi et al., 2022; Stowell et al., 2019; Ulloa et al., 2018), 
but is still not ready to be deployed unconfined (Alcocer et al., 2022). In 
psychoacoustics, mostly smaller field studies have been conducted (Hall 
et  al.,  2013;  Ma  et  al.,  2021;  Montoya-Belmonte  and  Navarro,  2020;

All analyses were performed using Python 3.8.5 and corresponding 
packages.  A  list  of  packages  and  their  versions,  python  code  for  our 
analyses as well as a demo dataset with functions and documentation to 
apply FCM-based complex networks for any kind of power spectra from 
the urban AE is provided on GitHub (https://github.com/THaselhoff/Co 
mplex-networks-for-analyzing-the-urban-acoustic-environment). 

4. Results 

4.1. Diel cycle of average shortest path length

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the use of a specific deep learning model such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers in the pipeline. The text mentions that sound event classification using machine learning approaches has gained popularity in recent years, citing various references. However, it does not specify the exact type of deep learning model employed in these approaches. Furthermore, the context discusses the application of Functional Connectivity Matrices (FCMs) and complex networks for analyzing the urban acoustic environment, along with the software tools used for the analysis. But there is no mention of a particular deep learning model being utilized in the process.