Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

2.2.1. Definition 

The objective is to optimise a model returning likely species assem-
blages worldwide while being learned on a set of presence-only obser-
vations. To do so, we optimise a deep species distribution model (Botella 
et  al.,  2018b)  and  further  calibrate  it  to  return  species  assemblages 
including the initial species observed with very high confidence. This 
method is derived from what is called set-valued prediction (or set-valued 
classification) in the machine learning community (Chzhen et al., 2021; 
Mortier et al., 2021). The model is trained on presence-only data, all 
species combined (multi-species SDM), and is then used to predict a set 
of  labels  by  thresholding  the  SDM  output  categorical  probabilities 
associated to species.

Deep learning (DL) offers an unprecedented opportunity to charac-
terize complex, scale-dependent relationships between species and their 
environment (Deneu et al., 2021). In addition, the ever-increasing vol-
ume of data stemming from citizen science observations on one hand, 
and  from remote  sensing  characterization  of environmental heteroge-
neity on the other hand, requires adapted DL workflows (Borowiec et al., 
2022). DL models can learn from complex effects and interactions be-
tween  environmental  predictors  (Puglielli  and  P¨artel,  2023),  and  Cai 
et al. (2022) have shown that DL can help to isolate relationships be-
tween biodiversity and ecological drivers.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, the model was trained using a diverse dataset consisting of presence-only observations for multiple species. This multi-species approach helps to capture a wide range of patterns and relationships between species and their environment, improving the model's ability to generalize to new situations.

Secondly, the use of deep learning techniques allows the model to learn from complex effects and interactions between environmental predictors. Deep learning algorithms can identify intricate patterns within large datasets, which is particularly useful when dealing with the increasing volume of data generated by citizen science observations and remote sensing technologies.

Lastly, although not explicitly mentioned in the given context, it is reasonable to assume that some form of validation or evaluation technique would have been employed during the development of the model. Cross-validation or stratified splitting could have been used to assess the performance of the model across different subsets of the data, ensuring its robustness and generalizability. However, without specific details regarding the validation methods used, it cannot be confirmed if these particular techniques were implemented.