Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016836 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M.S. Freeman et al.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016833M.S. Freeman et al.

4. Discussion 

Despite sampling bias being widely acknowledged as a concern in 
invasive  Species  Distribution  Models  (iSDM)  and  a  large  number  of 
studies  attempting  to  address  the  problem,  no  conclusion  has  been 
drawn as to the best method to deal with it (Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013; 
Verbruggen et al., 2013). Here, three very different options to reduce 
sampling bias were examined i) weighted background points, ii) filtered 
(pre-thinned)  records  and  iii)  targeted  background  points,  fitted  to 
various  spatial  extents.  AUC  values  were,  in  the  main,  higher  when 
adopting more expansive input extents than restricted extents. However, 
it is known that these can be misleading; reflecting artificial inflation as

kernel range). The threshold used was the 10th percentile training presence. For each metric the best model is highlighted in bold where higher was better for AUC, TPR, TSS and Kappa and lower better for Omission.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information on the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.