Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

multi-resolution  decision  approach  is  usually  effective  in  these  cases 
(Magliozzi  et  al.,  2019).  Another  aspect  of  our  approach  is  that  the 
statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant, 
and the analysis resolution is suited to the study area. Thus, the user 
should provide statistically significant data and use the most appropriate 
spatial resolution for the analysis. These considerations relate to general 
issues  with FAIR  data and  big data processing: easy access  to a  large 
amount of data comes at the expense of a low guarantee of data quality 
and completeness. The precision of our workflow's output depends on (i) 
the  completeness  of  the  input  vessel  data,  (ii)  the  update  rate  of  the 
GRSF, (iii) the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, 
and (iv) the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. 
However, our first and second case studies have demonstrated that our

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

As  further  applications,  our  workflow  can  also  be  used  by  other 
systems  to  (i)  extend  current  vessel  activity  classification  processes 
through a more flexible approach that works in data-limited scenarios, 
(ii) identify bycatch species when catchability and fishing gear data are 
available, (iii) study the effects of fisheries on habitats and populations’ 
growth  when  species  distribution  and  life-history-trait  data  are  avail-
able. FAIR data and Open Science-oriented technology guarantee inte-
grating  new  data  sources  rapidly  and  reusing  the  workflow  in  other 
systems. 

2. Materials and methods 

Our  process  is  an  Open  Science  workflow  that  combines  vessel 
tracking data from satellite and AIS systems with global, high-quality, 
environmental,  biodiversity,  and  fishery  data  (Fig.  1).  The  core  pro-
cess is made up of three macro-steps:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention any specific strategies implemented to monitor the model performance during training. However, based on the given context, we can infer that the authors might have used techniques such as cross-validation, early stopping, or monitoring metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc., depending on their chosen machine learning algorithms. Additionally, since the authors discuss using large input datasets and dealing with issues related to data quality and completeness, they may have employed techniques like data augmentation, regularization, or dropout to prevent overfitting and improve model performance. Nevertheless, without explicit details about the model architecture, training procedure, and evaluation criteria, it remains speculative.