Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 2. Brief presentation of the integrated database. Due to the large amount of data, DEM, SLOP, SOIL, and Vegetation type data are fixed, and other data are 
spatially  displayed  according  to  the  average  values  from  1980  to  2020.  (a–c)  HA  data.  (d–f)  climate  data.  (g–i)  geographic  data.  (j–k)  Vegetation  data.  (l) 
HA intensity. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026865J. Li et al.

2.3. Data sources and processing 

All data sources are listed in Table 1. Data preprocessing involved the 
following  steps:  (1)  Using  the  ArcGIS10.5  software,  the  spatial 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026863J. Li et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Table 1 
Human activity (HA)–natural endowment (NE) coupled zoning index system and data sources.  

Criterion layer 

Indicator layer 

Data source 

Quantitative method 

Population density 

HA intensity 

Economic density 

Open Spatial Demographic Data and Research(https://www.wor 
ldpop.org) 

Land use intensity 

Precipitation 
Temperature 

Evapotranspiration 

Soil type 

Elevation 
slope 
NDVI 

Vegetation type 

Climatic conditions 

Geographic 
conditions 

Vegetation 
conditions

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

, j ∈ Sk(t)

(4) 

In Eq. (4), η(t) is the learning rate, which decreases with time t, and 

Sk(t) is the neighborhood of the output neuron j at time t.  

(5)  The process is repeated using a new input vector. 

2.4.4. Clustering quality index (CQI) 

Owing to the characteristics of unsupervised clustering of SOM net-
works,  changing  the  number  of  categories  significantly  affects  the 
clustering results, and determining the number of categories is the key to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026864J. Li et al.

(OOB)
ij

n

(9)  

(10) 

In Eqs. (9, 10), ni

o  is the number of cases observed in the i-th tree of 
the OOB data, I(g) is an indicator function that is equal to 1 when the two 
values are equal and equal to 0 when they are not, Yp ∈ {0, 1} is the true 
∈ {0, 1} is the prediction of the i-th 
result for the p-th observation, Yi
p
tree for the p-th observation of the OOB data before random replace-
∈ {0, 1} is the prediction result of the i-th tree for the p-th 
ment, Yi
observation of the OOB data following random replacement, and n is the 
number of classification trees in RF. When j does not appear in the i-th 

p,πj

tree, VIM

(OOB)
ij

= 0. 

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper by J. Li et al. does not provide information on the specific data augmentation techniques used in their deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether techniques such as flipping, rotation, or scaling were employed based solely on this reference. To find out more about the data augmentation methods used in this study, additional resources would need to be consulted.