Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

Given unlabelled input data consisting of N samples with F features, 
x âˆˆ â„NÃ—F,  the  probabilistic  encoder  of  a  VAE  maps  the  input  to  the 
posterior density p(z|x) over the latent variable, z âˆˆ â„NÃ—L. In practice, 
L << N and the encoder neural network approximates the true posterior 
density, p(z|x), with a multivariate Gaussian, qÎ¸(z|x) âˆ¼ ğ’© (Î¼Î¸, Ïƒ2
Î¸ ). The 
decoder of a VAE reconstructs the input data from the latent variable 
and is given by the density function pÏ†(x|z). The encoder and decoder 
neural networks are parameterised by Î¸  and Ï†, respectively. The opti-
mization objective of a VAE consists of two competing terms and it can 
be shown to be (Kingma and Welling, 2014)  

â„’VAE = (cid:0) EqÎ¸ [logpÏ†(x|z)] + KL[qÎ¸(z|x)||p(z)]
â„’VAEâ‰œâ„’rec + â„’reg

(1) 

(2)

Fig. 4. Example latent representation of unlabelled field data and the four test species. While all methods map the high dimensional input data to a two dimensional 
feature space, the dynamic Î²-VAEs creates clusters with less overlap between the species groups. The inclusion of 10% labelled data for training further improves the 
results, yielding denser clusters with less overlap than the unsupervised Î²-VAE. 

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014566(a)PCA(b)Kernel-PCA(c)VAE(d)UnsupervisedÎ²-VAE(e)Semi-supervisedÎ²-VAEK. Rydhmer and R. Selvan

3. Methods 

The primary  goal of  this work is  to obtain low-dimensional latent 
representations  suitable  for  clustering  of  the  high-dimensional  input 
data. Specifically, the objective is to obtain latent space encodings of the 
insect spectral data such that similar species of insects are positioned 
close to each other. To this end, we propose to dynamically adapt, the 
otherwise constant scaling factor, Î² of a standard Î²-VAE.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I am sorry, but there is no information available regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline in the provided context. Please provide more details or check the original source for this information.