Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On the official YouTube platform, we entered the keyword in Japa-
nese  “Yacho”  (wild  birds)  on  15  June  2022  and  sorted  the  videos 
uploaded from the start of the YouTube service to the present day (at the 
time) in the order of the number of views. We attempted to set other 
keywords, including “Tori” (birds) and “bird watching” (this word was 
entered in Japanese Katakana script), but we could not efficiently search 
the videos displaying birds from these keywords (Table S1). The videos 
returned from those keywords did not display wild birds but rather pet 
birds, such as parakeets, those displayed in music videos, and those that 
focused on bird-watching equipment, such as cameras and binoculars. 
Therefore,  we  decided  to  use  the  keyword  “Yacho”  and  extracted  the 
videos that had been viewed >100 times as of 15 June 2022 (n = 449). 
There were too many videos that had been viewed <100 times to extract

(name) of the uploaded channel as a random effect in the models. To 
avoid  multicollinearity  problems,  we  excluded  population  (highly 
positively correlated with urban cover) and forest cover (highly nega-
tively  correlated  with  urban  cover)  from  the  explanatory  variables 
within the search radii. 

3. Results

(though an extent cannot sometimes be specified) and reflect more of the 
benefit from ecosystems than those based on questionnaires, surveys, or 
interviews (Coscieme, 2015; McGinlay et al., 2018).

from online shared videos that contain a wide range of species richness 
(from 1 to 106 wild bird species in the videos used in this study).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether grid search, random search, or another method was used for optimization.