Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  our  study,  we  utilized  data  from  the  third  and  fourth  natural 
environment surveys, incorporating various environmental variables, to 
assess  the  impact  of  urban  development  on  species  distribution.  To 
achieve  this,  we  employed  seven  different  machine  learning  models, 
extracting the Area Under the Curve (AUC) values for each model both 
before and after urban development (Fig. 3). The AUC value, a critical 
measure of model performance, indicated that the Generalized Linear 
Model  (GLM)  and  Random  Forest  (RF)  models  had  the  highest  AUC 
value  of  0.85,  while  the  Classification  and  Regression  Tree  (CART) 
model  had  the  lowest  at  0.79.  On  average,  the  models  demonstrated 
robust performance with an average AUC value of 0.84, underscoring 
their overall effectiveness in species distribution modeling. Despite the 
methodological similarities among the models, their distinct character-

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Metapopulation models using landscape connectivity can better reflect 
landscape heterogeneity

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)102464Availableonline8January20241574-9541/©2024PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NC-NDlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).E.S. Kim et al.

Fig. 1. Flowchart of the research process.  

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024642E.S. Kim et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 2. Study sites that underwent rapid urban development—Myeongnyun-dong and Gae-un-dong in Wonju-si, Republic of Korea. The bar graph represents changes 
in the area of land usage.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch were used based solely on the given context.