Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Too many candidates: Embedded covariate selection procedure for species 
distribution modelling with the covsel R package

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020805A. Adde et al.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The table provided only discusses the functions available in the covsel R package, their descriptions, common inputs, and specific arguments. It does not mention any information about a deep learning pipeline or its associated data repository. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based solely on this context.