Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

bandwidth.  The  FCOVER  retrieval  must  be  based  on  atmospherically 
corrected data to provide interpretable canopy reflectance by PROSAIL- 
D RTM (Fern´andez-Guisuraga et al., 2021a; Jia et al., 2016), and thus 
the  algorithm  relies  on  harmonized  S2  post-fire  Level-2  A  data 
(COPERNICUS/S2_SR_HARMONIZED  dataset  in  GEE)  discarding  60  m 
bands as in the BA product. Additional sensors will be included in future 
FIREMAP  versions  (see  Section  4)  to  allow  for  the  FCOVER  retrieval 
prior to 2018.

2.2. Implemented workflows 

2.2.1. Fire scar delineation

that  has 

facilitated 

the  access 

Google Earth Engine  (GEE; Gorelick  et al.,  2017) is  a  cloud-based 
platform 
to  high-performance 
computing with high applicability in wildfire science (e.g. Parks et al., 
2018; Piao et al., 2022; Roteta et al., 2021) because it hosts a vast remote 
sensing  data  catalog  in  the  petabyte  scale,  including  European  Space 
Agency  (ESA)  and  National  Aeronautics  and  Space  Administration 
(NASA) datasets over 40-years. These datasets can be readily processed 
at very large spatial scales using automatic parallel processing (Gorelick 
et al., 2017), taking advantage of advanced image processing techniques 
and machine learning (ML) algorithms (Amani et al., 2020). However, 
JavaScript, Python or R application programming interface (API) and 
the associated interactive development environment (IDE) in GEE still 
requires a high-level technical expertise.

Third, the training dataset was incorporated as an asset in GEE to 
perform  the  ML-based  PROSAIL-D  RTM  inversion  and  retrieve  the 
FCOVER  from  post-fire  S2  scenes.  The  RF  regression  algorithm  has 
become a highly-adopted alternative for this purpose in GEE due to its 
high computational efficiency (Campos-Taberner et al., 2018). There-
fore, we considered the implementation of RF regression in FIREMAP to 
build  the  relationships  between  the  FCOVER  and  the  corresponding 
reflectance  in  the  S2  band  configuration.  We  preserved  the  default 
values for RF hyperparameters except for the number of trees, which 
was set to 500 to improve computational efficiency in GEE. As in BA and 
fire severity algorithms implemented in FIREMAP, the FCOVER retrieval 
can be performed both for the user-defined region of interest and for the 
official fire perimeters of the EFFIS database. Similarly, the selection of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not mention any specific details about data augmentation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide information regarding fliping, rotation, scaling, or other such methods. Please refer to another source for more accurate information related to these topics.