Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

checklists of birds they have identified, which can be used for research 
purposes (e.g., Dansereau et al., 2022; Lin et al., 2022), and as of May 
2021 over one billion of observations had been recorded in eBird.

Acoustic  data  analyses  were  carried  out  using  Kaleidoscope  Pro 
5.4.7, which is an automated signal recognition software able to analyze 
large acoustic datasets. Kaleidoscope extracts sounds of interest based 
on the following five parameters: minimum and maximum signal length 
(s),  minimum  and  maximum  frequency  range  (Hz),  and  maximum 
intersyllable gap (ms). The maximum intersyllable gap represents the 
maximum distance between sounds to be considered part of the same 
vocalization. To identify representative parameters of the song of the 
Nighthawk we characterized 67 songs using all recordings uploaded in 
Xeno-canto and recorded in the State of Mato Grosso (eight recordings, 
see Supplemental Table S1). Song parameters were characterized from 
spectrograms  using  Raven  Pro  1.5  (Bioacoustics  Research  Program, 
2014). The signal parameters introduced in Kaleidoscope were: 900 and 
1500 Hz (minimum and maximum frequency, respectively); 4 and 30 s

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The dataset used in the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. However, it is implied that the authors used large acoustic datasets for their analysis. They utilized Kaleidoscope Pro 5.4.7, an automated signal recognition software capable of analyzing such datasets. This software extracts sounds of interest based on specific parameters like minimum and maximum signal length, minimum and maximum frequency range, and maximum intersyllable gap. For identifying representative parameters of the Nighthawk's song, the authors characterized 67 songs using recordings uploaded in Xeno-canto and recorded in the State of Mato Grosso. Therefore, while the exact name or source of the dataset isn't specified, it appears that the researchers employed a custom dataset comprising audio recordings of bird vocalizations.