Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

Learning models applied. In Section 3 results from CA, TSA and Machine
Learning models’ prediction are displayed and these results are dis-
cussed in Section 4.

with the full dataset where significantly higher values for all evaluation
measurements (RMSE, MSE, MAE and R2) were observed. Addionally,
the three models (ANFIS, ANN, and SVM) performed similar evalution
measurements when were trained using the BTS, which also prove that
the selection of most representative and variable scenarios for training is
effective to improve machine learning models performance.

model combining Artificial Bee Colony and Back Propagation Neural
Network algorithms, obtaining significantly higher prediction accuracy
compared to SVM and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural net-
works (Chen et al., 2023). Other approaches include a previous data
transformation to optimize the response of the predictive algorithm
applied. For example, variational mode decomposition was applied to
decompose water quality data into a series of relatively stable compo-
nents used to train a LSTM neural network (Wang et al., 2023). This
approach produced higher prediction accuracy compared to a single
LSTM and Recurrent Neural Network.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific information on the optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, or others. However, it mentions several machine learning models like Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS), Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), Support Vector Machines (SVM), and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks. It also discusses the use of Artificial Bee Colony and Back Propagation Neural Network algorithms, but no explicit mention of optimization techniques within the deep learning pipeline is made. Therefore, based on the provided context, I cannot determine what optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline.