Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Maier, P.M., Keller, S., Hinz, S., 2021. Deep learning with wasi simulation data for 

estimating chlorophyll a concentration of inland water bodies. Remote Sens. 13, 718. 
https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13040718. 

Novo, E.M.L.M., Steffen, C.A., Braga, C.Z.F., 1991. Results of a laboratory experiment 
relating spectral reflectance to total suspended solids. Remote Sens. Environ. 36, 
67–72. https://doi.org/10.1016/0034-4257(91)90031-Z. 

Olmanson, L.G., Brezonik, P.L., Bauer, M.E., 2013. Airborne hyperspectral remote 

sensing to assess spatial distribution of water quality characteristics in large rivers: 
The mississippi river and its tributaries in minnesota. Remote Sens. Environ. 130, 
254–265. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2012.11.023.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

Our  study  investigates  the  capability  of  the  environmental  mapping  and  analysis  program  (EnMAP)  scenes 
simulated  using  the  EnMAP  end-to-end  simulator  software  (EeteS)  based  on  the  AISA  Eagle  airborne  data  to 
predict chlorophyll-a (Chl-a) and total suspended solids (TSS) as two of the most crucial water quality indicators. 
Three machine learning (ML) approaches (principal component regression(PCR), partial least square regression 
(PLSR) and random forest (RF)) were employed to establish links between the simulated image spectra and the 
above-mentioned  water  attributes  of  the  samples  collected  from  several  inland  water  reservoirs  within  the 
southern  part  of  the  Czech  Republic.  Airborne  hyperspectral  images  were  also  used  to  develop  a  model  to 
compare  its  performance  with  models  developed  based  on  the  simulated  EnMAP  data.  Adequate  prediction

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
After model training, there are various postprocessing steps that can be taken depending on the specific requirements of the project or application. Some common postprocessing steps include:

1. Model Evaluation: This involves evaluating the performance of the trained model using metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, etc. These metrics help determine how well the model is performing and whether it needs further tuning or optimization.
2. Confusion Matrix: A confusion matrix is a table that summarizes the predictions made by the model compared to the actual values. It provides insight into the types of errors being made by the model and helps identify areas where the model may need improvement.
3. Saliency Maps: Saliency maps are visualizations that highlight the regions of input data that have the greatest impact on the output of the model. They provide insights into which features of the input data are most important for making accurate predictions.
4. Feature Importance: Similar to saliency maps, feature importance measures the contribution of each input feature towards the final prediction. This information can be useful for identifying which features are most relevant for the task at hand.
5. Hyperparameter Tuning: After initial evaluation, hyperparameters of the model can be fine-tuned to improve performance. This process involves adjusting parameters such as learning rate, regularization strength, batch size, etc.
6. Cross-Validation: To ensure that the model performs well on unseen data, cross-validation techniques can be used. This involves splitting the available data into multiple subsets and training the model on one subset while testing it on another. This process is repeated until all subsets have been used for both training and testing.