Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the ensemble results. All CNNs were trained using the TensorFlow backend on a Tesla
M100 graphic processing unit.

Figure 3. Schematic of the CNN used in the study. Input image size was 32 by 32 pixels shown as the
large grey square. Numbers represent the number of features output from a convolution or dense
layer, except for the cropping layers where the crop dimension is shown.

was cropped to sizes of 1 × 1, 4 × 4, and 8 × 8 in addition to the input of 32 × 32. We
did not include the 16 × 16 size to reduce the overall size of the network. For each size,
we developed a separate network path following a simple ResNet conﬁguration, except
for the 1 × 1 which used dense layers instead of convolution layers and no residual
connections. Residual connections in CNNs were introduced by He et al. [46]. Residual
connections force the next layer in the network to learn something different from the
previous layers and have been shown to alleviate the problem of deep-learning models not
improving performance with depth. Global average or max pooling was applied at the end
of each path and dropout layers were added in an attempt to improve generalization. The
outputs from each path were concatenated and fed into a set of ﬁnal dense layers for class
prediction. All activations were Gaussian Error Linear Units (GELU), which have shown

There are numerous aspects to consider for enhancing the deep-learning classiﬁer,
speciﬁcally regarding the input image size; network conﬁguration, depth, and width; and
training strategy. In initial experimentation, several standard forms of deep-learning CNN
architectures were tested based largely on ResNet [46] and Inception [63], but these did
not perform well due to the range of image objects size/scales encountered. To account
for objects represented as a single pixel up to larger assemblages extending beyond the
32 by 32 pixel input image, the ensemble with varying input image sizes was selected.
Segmentation-based approaches were also considered as an alternative, but sufﬁcient
quality training data for segmentation was a limitation.

3.3.3. Change Detection

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions that all Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) were trained using the TensorFlow backend on a Tesla M100 graphics processing unit (GPU). This suggests that the development and training of the deep learning model took place within an environment compatible with TensorFlow and utilizing a Tesla M100 GPU. Unfortunately, without further details, we cannot determine whether the model was deployed on platforms such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.