Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for each k-1 folds do 

1: procedure SPLIT  THE  DATASET  TO  K  FOLDS (state)
2: 
3: 
4: 

for each number of iterations do 

Split the dataset to datasets: k-2 folds (tuning set), and 1-fold (validation 

dataset) 

5: 
6: 
7: 
8: 

Train the model using the tuning set and the number of iterations. 
Predict using the 1-fold validation set. 
Calculate the out-of-sample R2. 

Calculate the median of k-1 out-of-sample R2’s for each number of iterations to 

pick the best number of iterations. 

9: 

return a matrix of medians for each fold (k folds) in rows and each number of 

iterations in columns.  

4. Simulations and evaluation 

4.1. Study design and investigations

We also include a more detailed summary in Supplement A.2.

addressed  more  efficiently  under  the  auspices  of  the  GFR  family  of 
models.

3.2. Calibration and regularization

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific postprocessing steps such as saliency maps or confusion matrices. However, it does describe some actions taken after training the model. After splitting the data into k-folds, the model is trained on the tuning set with a certain number of iterations. Then, predictions are made using the validation set, and the out-of-sample R^2 is calculated. This process is repeated for each number of iterations, and the median of the k-1 out-of-sample R^2 values is used to select the best number of iterations. Finally, a matrix of these medians is returned for each fold and each number of iterations. These steps can be considered part of the postprocessing phase since they involve evaluating the performance of the model after training.