Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

Data availiability 

All R and JAGS code, sample data and results generated and analyzed 
during  the  current  study  will  be  made  available  at  https://github. 
com/GAMELab-UGA.  All  other  full  raw  data  can  be  made  available 
from the corresponding author on reasonable request. In addition, all 
python source code used to design, train and test our northern bobwhite 
for  download  at  https://github. 
CNN 
com/GAMELab-UGA along with a pre-trained model. 

is  already  available 

Acknowledgements 

We would like to thank the Georgia Department of Natural Resources 

Wildlife  Resources  Division  for  providing  the  resources  necessary  to 
develop and conduct this research. Funding was provided through the 
Wildlife  Restoration  Program  Grant  Award  W-GA-F16AF00189.  The 
authors would also like to thank the technicians and WMA staff for field 
assistance. 

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.

bobwhite  hunting  occurs  on  the  property  through  lottery-draw  quota 
hunts providing opportunities for about 200 hunters.

example  OpenSoundscape  (http://opensoundscape.org/en/latest/),  a 
platform that allows users to develop their own custom CNN for a spe-
cies detection and identification from their field-collected acoustic data. 
Making decisions  about the most  appropriate  survey  methods and 
monitoring schemes is a key step in the conservation and management of 
bobwhite  and  other  species.  The  financial  and  labor  costs  of  each 
method  vary  greatly  and  across  different  points  in  the  process.  For 
example, the purchase of multiple ARUs is initially expensive (generally 
around $300–$500 dollars a unit), yet is a more cost effective long term 
monitoring  investment  and  labor  costs  are  low.  In  contrast,  human 
observer  point  counts  are  significantly  cheaper  financially,  yet  labor 
costs reduce the number of survey points and time periods over which 
the data can be collected. SCR methods, especially if additional telem-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available on GitHub under GAMELab-UGA. You can find it at <https://github.com/GAMELab-UGA>. This includes both R and JAGS code, as well as Python source code used to design, train, and test the northern bobwhite detector. Additionally, a pre-trained model is available for download.