Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data-driven models are an alternative type of models, among which 
machine learning and deep learning (ML and DL) models stand out in 
recent years. According to Lee et al. (2023) data-driven models applied 
to freshwater ecosystems have been mainly focused on phytoplankton, 
while there is a lack of research in modelling future changes, such as 
climate change and subsequent changes in habitat conditions. A good 
example of a data-driven model focused on algal blooms prediction is 
that  presented  by  Miura  et  al.  (2023).  Nonetheless,  there  are  several 
examples in the scientific literature about ML or DL models designed to 
predict the temperature profile in water masses. Liu and Chen (2012) 
developed ML models based on Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) using 
as inputs meteorological conditions to predict the temperature in the 3 

Fig. 1. Map of the study site. Made with QGIS, data by OpenStreetMap.

The result of this process was added to the dataset as a new cate-
gorical binary variable that stored the existence of stratification or not 
(took the value of 0 when the reservoir was not stratified and 1 when it 
was stratified). 

2.5.3. Forecasting ML models 

A classification model was designed in order to detect if there existed 

Table 1 
Initial hyperparameters space.  

Initial hyperparameters space 

Hyperparameters 

Values 

Layers 

Number of neurons of the dense layer 
Dropout rate of the dropout layer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 

1 dense layer, 1 dense layer +1 dropout 
layer 
32, 64 
0.2, 0.4 
(cid:0) 3, 10
10
32, 64  

(cid:0) 4

Opposite to other families of ML models that have a narrow range of 
hyperparameters  to  adjust,  ANN  are  defined  by  different  types  of 
hyperparameters,  which  together  with  the  computational  cost  of 
training deep ANN, restricts the options to optimize. On the one hand, 
we have the hyperparameters that define the architecture of the ANN 
(number of layers and number of neurons), while on the other hand we 
have the hyperparameters that control de training process (mainly the 
learning rate, the optimizer, the batch size and the number of epochs 
that the training lasts). In order to avoid an exhaustive search that could 
consume a lot of time, a small dimensional space was initially defined 
and  explored  with  the  original variables.  The initial  hyperparameters 
that composed this space are shown in Table 1. The number of epochs 
was maintained in 500 as it proved to guarantee the stabilization of the

loss curves during the training. As optimizer, the Adam algorithm was 
used, which is a stochastic gradient descent method. Then, one of the 
hyperparameters was modified iteratively following the direction that

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the authors utilized a deep learning model for their forecasting task; however, they did not explicitly mention the specific type of deep learning model employed, such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Nevertheless, from the table presenting the initial hyperparameters space, we can infer that the authors likely used a feedforward neural network, also known as a multilayer perceptron (MLP), due to the presence of dense layers and dropout layers. Dense layers are fully connected layers where each input node connects to every output node, making them suitable for various tasks like regression and classification. Dropout layers help prevent overfitting by randomly setting a fraction of input units to zero during training. Therefore, although the exact type of deep learning model remains unspecified, the use of dense and dropout layers suggests that the authors might have implemented a form of MLP for their forecasting task.