Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

fying the exploitation or sale of a particular taxa, for which there may 
not be existing proxy datasets. Alternatively, researchers can annotate a 
randomly  selected  sample  of  collected  data,  according  to  their  own 
relevancy  criteria.  However,  this  approach  is  less  suitable  for  cases 
where relevant examples make up a small proportion of the collected 
data,  as  imbalanced  training  data  can  lead  to  poor  classification  per-
formance (Schr¨oder et al., 2021).

Since BERT can only accept a maximum of 512 tokens as input, we 
used smaller subsections of the longer web articles as classifier input, an 
approach previously applied to long document classification (Fiok et al., 
2021; Sun et al., 2019). To identify the sections of text most likely to be 
relevant to the classification decision, documents were split into chunks 
of 300 tokens using the NLTK word-tokenizer. Chunks that contained 
any  of  our  original  query  terms  (i.e.  any  bat-related  or  exploitation- 
related  term)  were  retained.  If  more  than  one  chunk  contained  key-
words,  the  first  such  chunk  of  the  document  was  retained  for  use  in 
model training and evaluation. Before being fed into the BERT model, 
texts are tokenized using the BERT tokenizer. Here, we set the maximum 
number of tokens as 400 for social media posts, as most were very short, 
and 512 for web articles, meaning some texts would have been further 
truncated at this step.

Obtaining a sufficient volume of ‘gold-standard’ training data is in-
tegral to achieving high performance in machine learning applications: 
this was also reflected in our experimental results. However, although 
the burden of manual annotation has often been cited as a barrier to the 
use of custom text classifiers in online data collection (Kulkarni and Di 
Minin,  2021),  our  study  indicates  that  the  fine-tuning  of  pre-trained 
language  models  can  achieve  classification  accuracy  of  >85%  with 
<500  training  examples  (Fig.  4).  As  also  noted  by  Stringham  et  al. 
(2021a),  beyond  the  ‘peak’  number  of  training  examples,  model  per-
formance is likely determined by the nature of the textual data and the 
model, rather than the volume of training data. Again, this emphasises 
that, for clearly defined classification tasks, transformer-based models 
provide the opportunity to rapidly develop high-performing text clas-

Beltagy, I., Lo, K., Cohan, A., 2019. SciBERT: a pretrained language model for scientific 
text. In: Proceedings of the 2019 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural 
Language Processing and the 9th International Joint Conference on Natural 
Language Processing (EMNLP-IJCNLP), pp. 3615–3620. 

Benıtez-L´opez, A., Santini, L., Schipper, A.M., Busana, M., Huijbregts, M.A., 2019. Intact 
but empty forests? Patterns of hunting-induced mammal defaunation in the tropics. 
PLoS Biol. 17 (5), e3000247. 

Blasi, D., Anastasopoulos, A., Neubig, G., 2022. Systematic inequalities in language 
technology performance across the world’s languages. In: Proceedings of the 60th 
Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers), 
pp. 5486–5505. https://doi.org/10.18653/v1/2022.acl-long.376. 

Bojanowski, P., Grave, E., Joulin, A., Mikolov, T., 2017. Enriching word vectors with 

subword information. Trans. Assoc. Comput. Linguist. 5, 135–146.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it does mention that researchers can annotate a randomly selected sample of collected data according to their own relevancy criteria. This suggests that the authors might have used a form of semantic annotation, where they labeled parts of the text based on its relevance to the topic of interest. Additionally, the context mentions that documents were split into chunks of 300 tokens using the NLTK word-tokenizer, and chunks containing certain keywords were retained. This could indicate a type of keyword-based annotation technique. Nevertheless, without explicit information about the use of bounding box annotation, instance segmentation, or other similar techniques, it cannot be confirmed if these methods were employed in the described deep learning pipeline.