Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.6. Training and validation set 

The  study  utilized  a  training-and-test  approach  with  stratification 
splitting. For each setting, 100 different splits to the training-and-test set 
were given. Tuning of the hyperparameter on the training set was done 
for  each  set.  This  was  followed  by  model  training  using  an  optimal 
setting of the hyperparameter. 

2.7. Regression models 

Four methods were used to model forest AGB in the study: AdaBoost, 
random  decision  forest  (RF),  multilayer  neural  network  (NET),  and 
Bayesian ridge regression (Bayes).

Xue, B., 2015. Lidar and machine learning estimation of hardwood forest biomass in 
mountainous and bottomland environments. In: Theses and Dissertations, 1274. 
http://scholarworks.uark.edu/etd/1274. 

Wu, C., Shen, H., Shen, A., Deng, J., Gan, M., Zhu, J., Xu, H., Wang, K., 2016. 

Zhang, L., Shao, Z., Liu, J., Cheng, Q., 2019. Deep learning based retrieval of forest 

Comparison of machine-learning methods for above-ground biomass estimation 
based on Landsat imagery. J. Appl. Remote. Sens. 10, 035010 https://doi.org/ 
10.1117/1.JRS.10.035010. 

aboveground biomass from combined LiDAR and Landsat 8 data. Remote Sens. 11 
(12), 1459. 

EcologicalInformatics70(2022)10175412

input  predictors  was  independent  of  the  machine  learning  algorithm 
used in the training.

In  recent  years,  nonparametric  machine  learning  models  have 
become  predominant  for  quantifying  forest  biomass  within  a  space 
based  on  ALS  data  (Ali  et  al.,  2015;  Zhang  et  al.,  2019).  Machine

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: According to the provided context, the study utilized a training-and-test approach with stratification splitting. This means that the dataset was divided into two parts - a training set and a test set. Stratification splitting ensures that both sets maintain the same proportion of observations with respect to the output variable. Furthermore, it is mentioned that this process was repeated 100 times with different splits to ensure robustness and reliability of the results. However, there is no explicit mention of a separate validation set in the provided context. Therefore, we can only infer that the study employed a training set and a test set for its deep learning model training.