Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As  the  third  approach  for  SPAD  value  modelling  based  on  the 
Rasp2SPAD indices, an artificial neural network was implemented. The 
same predictors as in the previously described LM and GLM were uti-
lized. All predictors were scaled prior to analysis. The ANN  was con-
structed empirically, with the first layer containing two input nodes (one 
per each of the two parameters that were found to be the most suitable 
by LM and GLM) and the last layer containing only one node (predicted 
SPAD value). As the fit of the ANN does not give the same output for 
each run  (because of a random number generator used for numerical 
optimization of the model), 100 successful runs were performed, and the 
model residuals obtained in each run were analysed for a more reliable 
evaluation of the model performance.

Mohr, H., Schopfer, P., 2012. Plant Physiology. Springer Science & Business Media. 
Nasir, M., Muhammad, K., Lloret, J., Sangaiah, A.K., Sajjad, M., 2019. Fog computing 
enabled cost-effective distributed summarization of surveillance videos for smart 
cities. J. Parallel Distrib. Comput. 126, 161–170. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
jpdc.2018.11.004. 

Nelis, J.L.D., Tsagkaris, A.S., Dillon, M.J., Hajslova, J., Elliott, C.T., 2020. Smartphone- 
based optical assays in the food safety field. Trends Anal. Chem. 129, 115934 
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.trac.2020.115934. 

Osroosh, Y., Khot, L.R., Peters, R.T., 2018. Economical thermal-RGB imaging system for 
monitoring agricultural crops. Comput. Electron. Agric. 147, 34–43. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.compag.2018.02.018. 

Pagnutti, M., Ryan, R.E., Cazenavette, G., Gold, M., Harlan, R., Leggett, E., Pagnutti, J.,

value gained by SPAD-502Plus (Fig. 6). Furthermore, modelling of the 
SPAD  value  was  performed  by  a)  a  simple  linear  model  (LM),  b)  a 
generalized linear model with a gamma distribution (GLM), and c) an 
artificial neural network (ANN). The dataset contained 89 valid records 
(outliers were removed according to the empirical rule), while one re-
cord represented the mean value of the total 10 spot measurements on 
one  leaf.  For  the  purpose  of  SPAD  value  modelling,  the  dataset  was 
divided  into  a  “training  dataset”  containing  60  randomly  selected  re-
cords and a “testing dataset” that contained the remaining 29 records. 
All three models were then fitted using the “training dataset” and further 
validated using the “testing dataset”.

To achieve the utmost accuracy, a test was completed by engaging 
the artificial ANN. Only Cb and Cr were used as the input variables since 
they were considered the most sensitive variables during the two pre-
ceding testing stages. Thus, the simple ANN was fitted with two inputs 
and one output, as the addition of any hidden layers returned less ac-
curacy of the prediction on the test data due to overfitting. The results 
were  considered  comparable  in  terms  of  accuracy  as  the  previous 
methods. The mean deviance of the model response from SPAD value 
measurements  was  1.904  (95%  CI:  1.89–1.92),  while  the  best  “run” 
showed a mean deviation of 1.70 (max. 2.22, 95% CI, one-sided t-test). 
All three modelling approaches could be incorporated in the source 
code at this stage to provide the SPAD value estimate for the following 
rapeseed measurements. However, LM was concluded to be the simplest 
method with a high level of accuracy. A complex overview of the plant

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the use of a deep learning model in the pipeline. Instead, it describes the implementation of an artificial neural network (ANN) for modeling SPAD values. An ANN is a machine learning algorithm inspired by biological neural networks and is often used for tasks such as regression or classification. However, unlike deep learning models like convolutional neural networks (CNNs), recurrent neural networks (RNNs), or transformers, traditional ANNs typically have fewer layers and are not necessarily designed for processing large amounts of data or extracting hierarchical features. Therefore, based on the given information, we cannot determine which specific type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline, as there is no explicit mention of a deep learning model being employed.