Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0) 3, 10

(cid:0) 4;  

The following configuration optimized the performance of the model 
and was accordingly adopted for analysis: Adam solver (Kingma and Ba, 
(cid:0) 4,  constant  learning 
2014),  10 neurons  per  hidden  layer, alpha  = 10
rate, and rectifier activation function, also called Rectified Linear Unit 
(ReLU) activation function, defined as: 

(

)

{

ReLU

k

=

k, if k > 0;
0, if k⩽0.

(14) 

In the case of the RF, the hyperparameters include the number of 
decision trees in the forest, the maximum depth of the decision tree, the 
number of features considered by each tree when splitting a node, etc. 
This  set  of  hyperparameters  was  tested  using  the  grid  configuration 
shown below:  

1.  Number of decision trees: from 100 to 1000 (in steps of 100);  
2.  Number of features to consider at every split (max features): auto,

sqrt, log2, None;  

3.  Maximum number of levels in decision tree: None, or from 10 to 100 

(in steps of 10);

4.1. Feature analysis 

Since ML models usually portray the relationship between input and 
output features, a preliminary feature analysis was performed. Indeed, 
this  analysis  plays  a  key  role  in  reducing  the  dimensionality  of  the 
problem  by  favoring  the  application  of  ML  models  with  a  limited 
number  of  features,  reducing  the  complexity,  implementation  and 
deployment costs in the field.

model (Sowmya et al., 2020). The best model is selected comparing the 
performance scores of all possible combinations of hyperparameters.

4.2. Performance evaluation and results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, based on the given information, there isn't any explicit mention of the specific process used to deploy the trained deep learning model. This includes details about model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, it cannot be determined how exactly the deployment took place.