Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)101378Availableonline29July20211574-9541/©2021TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NC-NDlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).D.-S. Lee et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

species  in  ecosystems  including  artificial  neural  networks  (Park  and 
Chung, 2006), random forest (Lee et al., 2019; Park et al., 2013), and 
maximum entropy modeling (Maxent) (Hirata et al., 2017; Ikegami and 
Jenkins,  2018).  Machine  learning  methods  help  researchers  to  effec-
tively manage complex and nonlinear ecological data as a tool for data 
exploration, prediction of ecological patterns, and pattern recognition 
(Humphries et al., 2018).

modeling. R package. 

Hirata, A., Nakamura, K., Nakao, K., Kominami, Y., Tanaka, N., Ohashi, H., Takano, K.T., 
Takeuchi, W., Matsui, T., 2017. Potential distribution of pine wilt disease under 
future climate change scenarios. PLoS One 12, e0182837. 

Humphries, G.R.W., Magness, D.R., Huettmann, F., (eds), 2018. Machine Learning for 

Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, Cham.  

Ikegami, M., Jenkins, T.A., 2018. Estimate global risks of a forest disease under current 
and future climates using species distribution model and simple thermal model–pine 
wilt disease as a model case. For. Ecol. Manag. 409, 343–352. 

Iordache, M.-D., Mantas, V., Baltazar, E., Pauly, K., Lewyckyj, N., 2020. A machine 

learning approach to detecting pine wilt disease using airborne spectral imagery. 
Remote Sens. 12, 2280.

We developed a dataset consisting of seven environmental variables 
(elevation,  slope, and  distance to  road as  geographical  variables, and 
annual mean temperature, minimum temperature in January, maximum 
temperature in July, and annual precipitation, as meteorological vari-
ables), and the proportion of land-use types including seven categories 
(urban  area,  agriculture land,  forest,  grassland, wetland,  barren  area, 
and water). All values of dataset were extracted from digital maps using 
the geographic information system (GIS) program (ArcGIS 10.1; ESRI). 
Digital maps for elevation and slope were obtained from the National 
Geographic  Information  Institute  of  Korea  (http://www.ngii.go.kr).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Predicting potential occurrence of pine wilt disease based on environmental 
factors in South Korea using machine learning algorithms 

Dae-Seong Lee a, Won Il Choi b, Youngwoo Nam c, Young-Seuk Park a, * 
a Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02447, Republic of Korea 
b Division of Forest Ecology, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea 
c Division of Forest Diseases and Insect Pests, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest management 
Invasive species 
Random forest model 
Maxent model 
Ensemble model 
Effects of climate change

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it is not explicitly mentioned what specific data format was used in their deep learning pipeline. However, they did mention that all values of their dataset were extracted from digital maps using the ArcGIS 10.1 software. This suggests that the data could be in a spatial or raster format such as GeoTIFF or other similar formats commonly used in GIS applications. They also listed several environmental variables which include both geographical and meteorological factors, indicating that the data might have been collected from various sources and possibly in different formats before being processed into a single dataset. Therefore, without further details about their preprocessing steps, it cannot be definitively determined what exact data format was used in their deep learning pipeline.