Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Probst, P., Wright, M. N., Boulesteix, A.L., 2019. Hyperparameters and tuning strategies 

for  random  forest.  Wiley  Interdisciplinary  Reviews:  data  mining  and  knowledge 

discovery, 9(3), e1301. 

QGIS.org (2023) QGIS Geographic Information System 

Raab,  C.,  Riesch,  F.,  Tonn,  B.,  Barrett,  B.,  Meißner,  M.,  Balkenhol,  N.,  Isselstein,  J., 

2020.  Target‐ oriented  habitat  and  wildlife  management:  estimating  forage 

Journal Pre-proof

quantity and quality of semi‐ natural grasslands with Sentinel‐ 1 and Sentinel‐ 2 

data. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6:381–398. https://doi.org/10.1002/rse2.149 

Ramoelo,  A.,  Cho,  M.,  Mathieu,  R.,  Skidmore,  A.K.,  2015.  Potential  of  Sentinel-2 

spectral  configuration  to  assess  rangeland  quality.  J.  Appl.  Remote  Sens. 

9:094096. https://doi.org/10.1117/1.JRS.9.094096 

Ranta,  M.,  Rotar,  I.,  Vidican,  R.,  Mălinaș,  A.,  Ranta,  O.,  Lefter,  N.,  2021.  Influence  of

(m),  and  the  minimal  node  size  (nodesize)  (Sanz,  et  al.  2022).  For  ML  training,  34 

ground  data  points  were  used.  The  RF  generates  an  impartial  internal estimate  of  the 

generalization error by the "out-of-bag" (OOB) samples, which are those not included in 

map were elaborated in QGIS software (QGIS.org, 2023), 

Journal Pre-proof

the training subset. In this case, the total number of samples used for validation is 8. 

System for Automated Geoscientific Analyses (SAGA) software (version 9.4.0) (Conrad, 

2015) was employed to perform classification utilising the RF technique, based on Red 

Gren Blue (RGB) images acquired in March, April, and May.In this study, the maximum 

shaft number value was tested from 1 to 100 and the minimum sample number from 1 

to 50. Finally, the most accurate results for RF were obtained when the maximum tree 

depth was set to 10 and the minimum number of samples was set to 2. The regression

developed likewise and adopted for the characterisation and analysis of grassland types 

and for monitoring vegetation changes (Edirisinghe et al., 2012; Schwieder et al., 2020).  

The relationship between biomass and the quality of grassland fodder is a key factor for 

action planning (Watzig et al., 2023). Morais et al. (2021) report in a review that only a 

Journal Pre-proof

few  papers  use  ML  methods  to  estimate  the  AGB,  and  one  critical  issue  with  the 

literature  is  validation.  Zhu  et  al.(2023)  reported  in  a  review  of  Grassland  Ecosystem 

research  progress  over  the  last  three  decades  that  future  studies  should  consider  the 

cross-integration  of  multi-disciplines.  A  methodology  based  on  the  evaluation  of 

ecological, agronomic and pasture quality has been proposed for the study and analysis 

of  semi-natural  grassland  areas.  Multi-temporal  Sentinel-2  images  on  a  flat  area  of

ML  classification  techniques  enables  the  generation  of  accurate,  dynamic  information 

on  grassland,  core  attributes    that  play  an  integral  role  in  sustainable  ecosystem 

Journal Pre-proof

Agronomic  environment,  Aboveground  biomass,  Machine  Learning,  Remote  sensing, 

Nutritive characteristics, Floristic composition.  

management and conservation. 

Keywords:  

1. Introduction  

Grasslands  are  among  the  leading  terrestrial  ecosystems  (Zhang  et  al.,  2022), 

occupying more than 40% of the world’s terrestrial area, a third of the agricultural area 

in  Europe,  and  storing  about  a  third  of  the  world’s  terrestrial  biomass  stock  (O‘Mara, 

2012; Stumpf et al., 2020 Bar-On et al., 2018; Erb et al., 2017).  

Moreover, grassland agroecosystems are of significant importance in the production of 

 
 
Journal Pre-proof

fodder for grazing animals in areas that are inadequate forcropland uses. At the same

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

During the machine learning training process using Random Forest (RF), an unbiased internal estimate of the generalization error is generated through the "out-of-bag" (OOB) samples. These OOB samples are those not included in the training subset. In this particular case, the total number of samples used for validation is eight. The system for automated geoscientific analyses (SAGA) software (version 9.4.0) was utilized to carry out classification employing the RF technique, based on Red Green Blue (RGB) images captured in March, April, and May. To optimize the hyperparameters of the RF algorithm, the maximum shaft number value was tested from 1 to 100, and the minimum sample number from 1 to 50. Ultimately, the most precise results for RF were achieved when the maximum tree depth was set to 10 and the minimum number of samples was set to 2. This approach allows for continuous monitoring of the model's performance during training, ensuring optimal accuracy and reliability.