Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

Deep learning (DL) offers an unprecedented opportunity to charac-
terize complex, scale-dependent relationships between species and their 
environment (Deneu et al., 2021). In addition, the ever-increasing vol-
ume of data stemming from citizen science observations on one hand, 
and  from remote  sensing  characterization  of environmental heteroge-
neity on the other hand, requires adapted DL workflows (Borowiec et al., 
2022). DL models can learn from complex effects and interactions be-
tween  environmental  predictors  (Puglielli  and  P¨artel,  2023),  and  Cai 
et al. (2022) have shown that DL can help to isolate relationships be-
tween biodiversity and ecological drivers.

2.1.2. Predictive features 

A large environmental context around each observation is collected 
and provided to the model: 64 × 64 2D tensors sampled at the kilometre- 
scale  resolution  and  centred  on  the  observation.  Predictors  include 
WorldClim2  bioclimatic  variables,  Soilgrids  pedological  variables, 
human  footprint  rasters,  terrestrial  ecoregions  of  the  world  and  the 
observation location (longitude and latitude), see SI Box E for details. 
Examples of input are shown in Fig. S5 and the full list of predictors is 
given in Table S2. 

2.2. Species assemblage model 

2.2.1. Definition

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly state what specific type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline. However, given that the input data consists of 64 x 64 2D tensors, which suggests image or grid-like data, it is likely that a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is being employed. CNNs are particularly well suited for processing such structured data due to their ability to automatically extract relevant features through convolution operations. Nevertheless, without further clarification from the source material, we cannot definitively confirm that a CNN is indeed the chosen model.