Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Zhang and Benveniste, 1992), Bayesian learning machine (Xu, 1997),
and so on. Researchers have extended the application and improve the
algorithms based on classical neural network models afterwards. Since
2006 deep learning started to boom in academia and industry. The deep
learning algorithm broke the limitation of the traditional neural net-
work on the number of layers. According to demands of designers, the
number of network layers was chosen and trained by large-scale data to
obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features which is
beyond imagination before (Hinton and Salakhutdinov, 2006).

after individual trials from BPNN2-1 (insuﬃcient ﬁtting ability) to
BPNN7-1 (overﬁtting and unstable), BPNN4-1 oﬀers the lowest mean
square error and the most 17 stable average performance at 0.000694,
with a maximum allowable training time of 1000. We choose an
adaptive strategy to modulate the learning rate to improve the neural
network convergence rate. The results show a benchmark learning rate
of 0.01, a learning rate up to 1.07 as the error steadily decreases, a
learning rate down to 0.70 as the error increases, a limit of the training

Liu, X.S., Feng, L.I., Zan, G.S., et al., 2007. Artiﬁcial neural network classiﬁcation for
forest vegetation mapping with combination of remote sensing and GIS. Int. J.
Remote Sens. 11 (5), 710–717.

Liu, Z., Peng, C., Xiang, W., et al., 2010. Application of artiﬁcial neural networks in global
climate change and ecological research: an overview. Chin. Sci. Bull. 55, 2987–2997.

Liu, Y.C., Guo, H.C., Dai, C., 2015. Optimization of ecological footprint Model: a case
study of Wuhan city. Journal of Peking University, Natural Science Edition 51,
897–904 (in Chinese).

Dev. Sustain. 2 (2), 21–43.

Wackernagel, M., Onisto, L., Bello, P., Linares, A.C., Falfán, I.S.L., Garcia, J.M., Guerrero,
A.I.S., Ma, G.S.G., 1999. National natural capital accounting with the ecological
footprint concept. Ecol. Econ. 29, 375–390.

+

θ

l
i

⎧
⎪
⎨
⎪
⎩

i
(

=

1, 2, 3,

…

L

)

2.4. Data selection

(4)

l is the output of the ith node in the lth layer, xi

l is the acti-
where yi
l is the weight of the
vation value of the ith node in the lth layer, wij
connection between the jth node in the l-1th layer and the ith node in
the lth layer, θi
l is the threshold value of the ith node in the lth layer, Nl
is the number of nodes in the lth layer, L is the total number of layers,
and f() is the neuronal activation function.

Because the output error of the neurons in the output layer does not
satisfy the accuracy requirement, the learning process turns into a
backward error propagation process, and the basic model is as follows:

∆ = −
w
ij

η

∂
E
w
∂
ij

(5)

35

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the deep learning algorithms were trained using large-scale data to obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features. It also discusses the use of adaptive strategies to modulate the learning rate to improve the neural network convergence rate. Unfortunately, without more specific information, we cannot determine which datasets were used in this particular study or deep learning pipeline. Some commonly used datasets in deep learning include MNIST, CIFAR, and ImageNet, but these are not mentioned explicitly in the provided context.