Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

30  bird  species.  They  achieved  an  accuracy  of  89.61%  and  91.49%, 
respectively, demonstrating that their model has greater generalization 
ability.

Fig. 2. Wav2Vec pre-training phase.  

quantized representation for the masked latent feature representation. 
Diversity loss shown in (2) is also added to the objective function for 
regularization during pre-training. 

(

Lm = (cid:0)

log

sim(ct ,qt )
e
k

/

∑

q′∈Qt

sim(ct ,q′)
e
k

Ld =

(cid:0)
*

1
GV

) )

(cid:0)

pg

(cid:0) H

(1)  

(2) 

In the supervised fine-tuning phase, the labelled dataset is used in 
training the model to predict particular words or phonemes. Fig. 3 de-
picts the process and components in the fine-tuning phase of wav2vec. 
Phonemes are the smallest unit of sound, usually one or two letters, in 
the language. During fine-tuning, the quantization module is removed. 
Instead, a linear projection layer is added to the context network. Then 
the model is fine-tuned on connectionist temporal classification (CTC) 
loss for the Automatic Speech Recognition task. So, the wav2vec model 
has a general understanding of phonemes present in human speech.

(2*precision*recall)
precision + recall

(7) 

Category wise performance analysis: From Tables 2 and 3, the category 
wise performance analysis of baseline through evaluation metrics with 
respect to mel spectrogram and mel MFCC can be seen. Table 2 consist of 
values observed for mel spectrogram input, among which the bird spe-
cies house sparrow category achieved highest in hybrid baseline model 
and wood pewee category achieved highest in attention-based hybrid 
model.  The  higher  deviation  of  identifying  bird  species  leads  to  poor 
performance  of  the  model.  The  performance  of  baseline  techniques 
using MFCC features are better when compared with mel spectrogram 
(shown in Table 3).

67%. R. Mohanty et al. (Mohanty et al., 2020) described identifying bird 
species  based  on  their  vocalization  or  call  by  the  spike-based  neural 
networks.  The  dataset  contains  the  vocalizations  of  14  different  bird 
species,  recorded  by  the  Central  Poultry  Development  Organization 
(CPDO)  in  Bhubaneswar,  India,  using  a  digital  recorder  and  a  unidi-
rectional microphone.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether grid search, random search, or another method was used for optimization.