Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The mean relative rank of each method for each performance index
is shown in Fig. 6. The ranking varied by correction type and the
number of presence sites. Concerning ΔDenv, Fenv was the best method,
followed by BGenv when the amount of presences sites was 20. When

k = 50, BGenv appeared to provide the best results in terms of ΔDenv
and ΔDgeo, even if this result does not appear to be signiﬁcant con-
sidering the dispersed values.

When the number of presence sites increased, BGgeo was ranked the
best in terms of ΔAUC, BGgeo, and Fenv in terms of ΔDenv, and Fgeo in
terms of ΔDgeo.

4. Discussion

This study aimed to present a new sampling bias eﬀect correction
method in the framework of species distribution modeling and to
compare it with other representative approaches of the literature.

4.1. Absolute evaluation

pres_UNB was

uniformly

randomly

selected

and

One hundred replicates were generated for each set pres_UNB and

pres_B and for each value of k.

2.5. Parameterization of the correction methods

The knowledge found in the literature and provided by experts of
the ecology of the An. darlingi species were used to parameterize the
correction methods described in paragraph 2.1 (Table S1 summarizes
the key aspects of such parameterizations).

2.5.1. BGenv

The ranking results of the diﬀerent methods showed a variation of
relative evaluation indexes according to the number of presence sites,
and no correction method appears to be the best one. However, when
we focus on a small number of presence sites, BGenv regularly achieved
the ﬁrst or second rank regardless of the evaluation index used.

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I apologize, but based on the given context, there is no information about any specific optimization techniques being applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to your query.

Based on the provided context, we can discuss the findings related to the comparison of different methods for correcting sampling bias effects in species distribution modeling. However, there is no mention of any optimization techniques used in a deep learning pipeline.

In the context provided, various methods like Fenv, BGenv, and Fgeo were compared using different performance indices such as ΔDenv, ΔDgeo, and ΔAUC. The ranking of these methods varied depending on the correction type and the number of presence sites. For instance, when the number of presence sites was 20, Fenv was the best method concerning ΔDenv, followed by BGenv. On the other hand, when the number of presence sites increased, BGgeo was ranked the best in terms of ΔAUC, while BGgeo and Fenv were the best in terms of ΔDenv and ΔDgeo respectively.

However, none of the mentioned methods seem to be consistently superior across all scenarios, making it difficult to identify a single best approach. Additionally, the chosen parameterization for the correction methods was deemed appropriate due to its ability to achieve a good compromise between unbiased models and corrected ones.

Overall, the discussion focuses on comparing different methods for correcting sampling bias effects in species distribution modeling rather than discussing optimization techniques used in a deep learning pipeline.