Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Dennison, W.C., Barnes, D.J., 1988. Effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and 

calcification. J Exp Mar Biol Ecol 115 (9), 67–77. 

Do, A.N.T., Tran, H.D., 2023. Combining a deep learning model with an optimization 

algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern 
Vietnam under global warming. Eco. Inform. 78, 102380. 

Donovan, M.K., Friedlander, A.M., Lecky, J., Jouffray, J.B., Williams, G.J., Wedding, L. 
M., Crowder, L.B., Erickson, A.L., Graham, N.A., Gove, J.M., Kappel, C.V., 2018. 
Combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes reveals complex reef 
dynamics. Sci. Rep. 8 (1), 16943. 

Dubinsky, Z., Stambler, N., 1996. Marine pollution and coral reefs. Glob. Chang. Biol. 2 

(6), 511–526. 

Edmunds, P.J., Tsounis, G., Lasker, H.R., 2016. Differential distribution of octocorals and 
scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Hydrobiologia 
767, 347–360.

data.  The  maximization  step  uses  the  imputations  from  this  step  to 
realign the conditional probabilities in the network from the data. This 
process is repeated until convergence (no change) or a stopping point is 
reached.

Increasing  the  dimensions  used  in  the  assessment  through  additional 
variables can therefore be useful (Peterson and Evans, 2019). Due to the 
restrictions in MWST, the representation of data might not be as high as 
other  learning  methods  (Kekolahti  et  al.,  2015).  However,  the  con-
straints (only one incoming connection per node) allow only the nodes 
with the strongest associations to be connected.

Glossary 

Fish 
F-Dn: Density 
F-TR: Taxa Richnes 
F-Bm: Biomass 
F-Bmf: Biomass/fish 

Coral 
C-Dn: Density 
C-TR: Taxa Richness 
C-Hsum: Height Sum 
C-Hmn: Height Mean 
C-Fp: Footprint 
C-SA: Surface Area 
C-SI: Surface Index 
C-VO: Volume Occupied 

Sponge 
S-Dn: Density 
S-MR: Morphological Richness 
S-Hsum: Height Sum 
S-Hmn: Height Mean 
S-Fp: Footprint 
S-SA: Surface Area 
S-SI: Surface Index 
S-VO: Volume Occupied 

Gorgonian 
G-Dn: Density 
G-MR: Morphological Richness 
G-Hsum: Height Sum 
G-Hmn: Height Mean 
G-Fp: Footprint 
G-SA: Surface Area 
G-SI: Surface Index 
G-VO: Volume Occupied 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10266513

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers provided do not explicitly mention any specific data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, scaling, etc., which are commonly used in image processing tasks within deep learning pipelines. These techniques help increase the amount of training data by creating modified versions of images in the dataset.

However, it should be noted that the paper by Do and Tran (2023) discusses using a deep learning model for detection purposes, but does not provide details about their preprocessing steps or whether they employed any data augmentation techniques. Similarly, other papers focus on various aspects of marine biology and ecology without discussing specific machine learning methodologies or data augmentation strategies.

It is important to remember that data augmentation techniques depend heavily on the nature of the task and the type of input data being processed. For instance, applying geometric transformations like flipping, rotating, or scaling may not always be suitable for non-image datasets. Therefore, while these techniques are popular in computer vision applications, they might not necessarily apply to all deep learning projects.