Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

factors: network architecture, protocol type of image acquisition
(Martineau et al., 2017), and robustness of input matrix (number
of entities and replicates). Our choice to use a ResNet-50 network
architecture, in combination with transfer learning, data augmen-
tation, and dropout proved appropriate for the current number of
taxa in our demonstration dataset. ResNet-50 network architecture
represents a midsize solution in the ResNet palette (18, 34, 50, 101,
152 layers) that combines both representation power and lower
complexity that allows relatively fast training of the models. How-
ever, the protocol for image acquisition inﬂuences the complexity
of features, which will be processed by CNNs. Controlled object
position during the collection of images can also govern the level
of feature variability. Our dataset was constructed under the lab-
based protocol of image acquisition with fully controlled position
of the larvae (ventral point of view). This was not the case in pre-

The implementation of the CNN classiﬁer was done in Python
programming language (https://www.python.org/), using the
Keras high level deep learning library (https://keras.io/), and Ten-
sorFlow with graphical processing unit (GPU) execution as the
back-end engine (https://www.tensorﬂow.org/). The regions of
the images most informative for the decision making process in
the deep learning model were visualized using Gradient-
weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM; (Selvaraju et al.,
2017)). As an output, heatmaps were generated that indicated
important aspects of the each head capsule used to determine
the taxonomic decision-making process of the model.

3. Results

3.1. Classiﬁcation results

ImageNet) (Russakovsky et al., 2015). Since 2012, there has been
signiﬁcant improvement in deep learning CNN architectures that
have led to better classiﬁcation results in the ImageNet challenge.
Here lies an opportunity to use a similar structure and approach
for targeted application in biomonitoring studies that could incor-
porate high-resolution information from the Chironomidae in
inferences of ecosystem integrity.

cies level (Table 2). The network performed surprisingly well con-
sidering the ImageNet dataset does not contain any similar object
(e.g., does not contain non-biting midges). As expected, the results
further improved when ﬁne-tuning was applied in the second
training phase, where the whole network was trained allowing
the model to learn additional features speciﬁc to our dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The text mentions that the deep learning Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifier was fine-tuned on the ImageNet dataset. However, it is important to note that this dataset does not contain any objects similar to the ones being classified in this study (non-biting midges). Therefore, while ImageNet was used for initial training, the model was further improved through fine-tuning in a second training phase using a custom dataset specific to the study. Unfortunately, the name or details of this custom dataset are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.