Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ResNet50FPN was used to remotely detect sick chicken from a poultry 
farm  and  obtained  a  detection  accuracy  of  93.7%  (Zhang  and  Chen, 
2020).  A  Faster  R-CNN  integrating  ResNet50FPN  was  constructed  to 
detect big animals from Google Open Images and COCO datasets, such as 
Bear, Fox, Dog, Horse, Goat, Sheep, Cow, Zebra, Elephant, and Giraffe. 
They  got  a  mean  average  precision  of  0.81(Yudin  et  al.,  2019).  In 
(Delplanque et al., 2022), FPN based on ResNet101 was used to generate 
feature maps for object detection models to to detect six types of African 
mammals of Topi, Buffalo, Kob, Warthog, Waterbuck, and Elephant, and 
got a mean average precision of 0.82.

As shown on the top of Fig. 8, a feature map extractor based on FPN 
and  ResNet152  extracted  five  feature  maps  from  the  original  UAV 
thermal image, and they each has different resolutions, including 256 ×
320, 128 × 160, 64 × 80, 32 × 40, and 16 × 20. The region proposal 
network  can  utilize  the  five  feature  maps  to  generate  four  RoIs  with 
different sizes, which are respectively colored by purple, red, green and 
yellow from left to right in the middle-right of Fig. 8. The size of the 
purple RoI is the largest, and the model assigns a feature map with the 
resolution of 32 × 40 to it. On the contrary, the red RoI is the smallest, 
and the model selects the feature map with highest spatial resolution for 
it.  Similarly,  the  green  and  yellow  RoIs  are  assigned  corresponding 
feature maps according to their respective sizes. The selection of large 
feature maps means the number of parameters is increasing and needs

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Deer survey from drone thermal imagery using enhanced faster R-CNN 
based on ResNets and FPN 

Haitao Lyu a, Fang Qiu a,*, Li An b, Douglas Stow c, Rebecca Lewison d, Eve Bohnett d, e 
a Geospatial Information Science, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX, USA 
b International Center for Climate and Global Change Research, Complex Human-Environment Systems Laboratory, College of Forestry, Wildlife, and Environment, 
Auburn University, Auburn, AL, USA 
c Department of Geography, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA, USA 
d Department of Biology, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA, USA 
e Department of Landscape Architecture, College of Design Construction and Planning, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

compressed,  reducing  to  only  a  few  pixels  in  deeper  CNN  layers.  For 
instance, an object with dimensions of 15 × 15 pixels in a UAV thermal 
image might be represented by just 1 pixel in the feature map from Layer 
4 of ResNet152 (refer to Fig. 4). The limited spatial resolution can lead to 
loss of fine details, making it difficult for the model to distinguish small 
objects from the background. Through FPN, different feature maps from 
different layers can complement each other, and deeper feature map can 
receive some spatial information from shallower layers. However, still 
certain  spatial  features  might  have  been  lost  during  the  process  of 
convolution operations. Consequently, the models of FRC_ResNet18FPN 
and FRC_ResNet34FPN can obtain higher AP for medium and large ob-
jects than the remaining models because they have less CNN layers than 
others.  Notably,  the  FRC_ResNet152FPN  obtains  the  best  detection

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide any information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I do not know where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.