Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To run an XGBoost model, neo-channels and multiple texture ﬁlters were used. The
ﬁlters were: dissimilarity, entropy, homogeneity and mean. Input of 64 × 64 windows
were used for labeling the central pixel. The training data were the same as for the Deep
Learning architectures.

3.3. Deep Learning Architectures

The internal parameters of the employed Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
architectures were not changed with regards to the originally proposed ones. A CNN [40]
is a machine learning technique based on sequences of layers of three different types:
convolutional, pooling or fully connected layers. Convolution and fully connected layers
are usually followed by an element-wise, non-linear activation function.

Several possible input channel combinations were tested for both XGBoost and Deep
Learning. For both LU and LC classiﬁcation, a set of data consisting only of the four SPOT6
channels (Red, Green, Blue and Near Infra-Red), was used as a basis. The other data sets
were composed of these raw channels with six additional neo-channels: NDVI, MSAVI,
MNDWI, L, c3, and ExG.

In addition to these inputs, LC information can also be used to assess whether addi-
tional LC information can improve LU classiﬁcation. To that end we ﬁrst performed LC
mapping, then added the max-likelihood LC label as an input channel for the LU mapping.
The different variants are summarized in Table 6.

Table 6. Summary of all datasets used by machine learning methods.

DataSets

RGBNIR
NEO

LCE
LCM

Description

Among comparisons of methods to classify LULC from satellite images on several
benchmark datasets, Deep Learning has recently stood out as a particularly effective
framework for automatic image interpretation [12]. Given large amounts of training data,
Deep Learning is able to extract very complex decision rules [13]. In image processing in
particular, Deep Learning is at the top of the state-of-the-art semantic image analyses [14]
(described in the Methods section), greatly enhanced by the particular design of the
convolutional deep networks. Indeed, on some tasks its performance matches or even
exceeds that of humans [15]. Additionally in optical satellite remote sensing, Deep Learning
has become a standard tool, as it appears to cope particularly well with the continuously
varying imaging conditions (illumination, sensor properties, atmospheric composition,
etc.) [16–18]. Deep Learning has been widely employed for remote sensing, including tasks

We empirically compare a number of these promising Deep Learning architectures.
Moreover we also include a standard machine learning baseline, XGboost, which has
shown very good performances in several benchmarks related to classiﬁcation [23]. Since
“neo-channels”, which are non-linear combinations of the raw channels, and texture ﬁlters
derived by arithmetic combinations of the raw image channels are widely used in the ﬁeld
of remote sensing [24], we also assess the interest of such additional information when
using XGboost and Deep Learning, even if in the latter case, the technique is able to build
its own internal features by combining the raw information.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is image data. This is evident from the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which are primarily designed for processing grid-like topology data such as images. Furthermore, the context mentions the use of Red, Green, Blue, and Near Infra-Red channels, which are typically associated with image data. There is no mention of other data formats like audio, video, or CSV files being used in the deep learning pipeline.