Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As described above, only 8 of the describing variables were adopted 
for the next tested model. In the M5 model, the alternative YNG_PCT was 

Fig. 10. W* parameters values in MLR M1, M2 and M3 models.  

Fig. 11. W* parameters values in MLR M4 model.  

Fig. 12. W* parameters values in MLR M5 model.  

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)10128410P.A. Kowalski et al.

6. Discussion

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Numerical analysis of factors, pace and intensity of the corona virus (COVID-19) 
epidemic in Poland

of districts within the NUTS3 units. 

In summary, it should be emphasized that both the environmental 
data, i.e. the information related to population and geographic condi-
tions, and the air pollution data, are of the Big Data type. Its volume is in 
the order of terabytes in size. 

5. Data processing results and analysis 

5.1. The course of COVID-19 cases

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine the specific strategy used to monitor the model performance during training for this particular study. However, common strategies include using metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, or area under the ROC curve (AUC-ROC), cross-validation techniques, learning curves, and confusion matrices. These methods help evaluate how well a machine learning model performs during its training phase.