Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

capacity  over  various  benchmark  datasets  by  adopting  a  compound 
scaling method that enlarges the network depth, width, and resolution. 
In  addition,  we  proposed  a  data  augmentation  method  to  train  the 
two-stage CNNs as a generally applicable model under various camera or 
field conditions. 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study species and site

To re-identify the candidate regions, we inputted outputs from the 
YOLOv4  into  the  EfficientNet.  As  mentioned  above,  there  were  eight 
types of the EfficientNet. Starting from the baseline EfficientNet-B0, the 
baseline network was scaled up from EfficientNet-B1 to B7 based on the

Tan, M., Le, Q., 2019. EfficientNet: rethinking model scaling for convolutional neural 
networks. In: Chaudhuri, K., Salakhutdinov, R. (Eds.), Proceedings of the 36th 
International Conference on Machine Learning. PMLR, pp. 6105–6114. 

Tresson, P., Carval, D., Tixier, P., Puech, W., 2021. Hierarchical classification of very 
small objects: application to the detection of arthropod species. IEEE Access 9, 
63925–63932. 

Tresson, P., Tixier, P., Puech, W., Bagny Beilhe, L., Roudine, S., Pages, C., Carval, D., 

2019. CORIGAN: assessing multiple species and interactions within images. Methods 
Ecol. Evol. 10, 1888–1893. 

Valan, M., Makonyi, K., Maki, A., Vondr´aˇcek, D., Ronquist, F., 2019. Automated 

taxonomic identification of insects with expert-level accuracy using effective feature 
transfer from convolutional networks. Syst. Biol. 68, 876–895. 

Van Etten, A., 2018. You only look twice: rapid multi-scale object detection in satellite

2.3. Data augmentation 

Although  optimizing  many  parameters  of  CNN  based  on  deep 
learning required a large dataset, there were only small datasets for pest 
detection and identification. Existing datasets only had approximately 
100 images for each type (Samanta and Ghosh, 2012; Rustia et al., 2018; 
Xia  et  al.,  2018;  He  et  al.,  2019;  Wang  et  al.,  2012;  Venugoban  and 
Ramanan, 2014; Xie et al., 2018; Deng et al., 2018). To obtain a more 
generalized model, training data should have fine diversity as the ob-
jects varied in size, lighting conditions, and poses. To circumvent the 
limited quantity and diversity of training data, data augmentation was a 
useful technique that could increase the size of the training set without

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used for pest detection and identification. It mentions that existing datasets are limited in quantity and diversity, but it does not specify where these datasets can be found or accessed. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the available context.