Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

On the other hand, since the powerful feature extraction 
capabilities, the deep learning methods have succeed in many 
fields,  such  as  computer  vision  and  natural  language 
processing. In recently, the deep learning based methods have 
also  been  used  to  solve  the  HSI  classification  task  and 
achieved remarkable achievements. Among the deep learning 
methods,  the  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  (CNNs)  are 
most widely explored to solve the HSI classification task. Hu 
et  al.  [4]  designed  a  one-dimensional  convolutional  neural 
network(1-D-CNN) for classification according to the spectral 
feature  of  HSI.  Due  to  the  insufficient  training  data,  the 
designed  1-D-CNN  just  includes  a  convolution  operation,  a 
pooling operation and a fully connected operation. Although 
the structure of  designed 1-D-CNN is simple, it achieved a 
satisfactory  classification  performance.  The  classification

(5) 

(a)

(b)

IV. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

The  experiment  is  performed  on  the  UAV  hyperspectral 
image  described  in  section  II.  There  are  ten  different  land-
cover  classes  in  the  captured  UAV  hyperspectral  image  as 
shown in Table I. Considering it is hard to label hyperspectral 
image in the real world, we split the labeled pixels of UAV 
hyperspectral image into the training set and test set with the 
ratio 1:9. The training samples were used to learn the weights 
and  biases  of  the  network,  and  the  test  samples  are  used  to 
evaluate the classification performance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available from the given context to provide a detailed explanation about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, typically, after training a deep learning model like CNN, the next step would be to serialize or save the model using popular libraries like TensorFlow or PyTorch. This serialized model can then be deployed on various platforms depending upon the use case. For instance, if the application requires real-time processing, edge devices like NVIDIA Jetson could be chosen. On the other hand, cloud services like AWS SageMaker or Google Cloud AI Platform might be more suitable for large scale applications. But without specific details regarding this particular study, these steps remain speculative.