Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

, j ∈ Sk(t)

(4) 

In Eq. (4), η(t) is the learning rate, which decreases with time t, and 

Sk(t) is the neighborhood of the output neuron j at time t.  

(5)  The process is repeated using a new input vector. 

2.4.4. Clustering quality index (CQI) 

Owing to the characteristics of unsupervised clustering of SOM net-
works,  changing  the  number  of  categories  significantly  affects  the 
clustering results, and determining the number of categories is the key to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026864J. Li et al.

Fig. 2. Brief presentation of the integrated database. Due to the large amount of data, DEM, SLOP, SOIL, and Vegetation type data are fixed, and other data are 
spatially  displayed  according  to  the  average  values  from  1980  to  2020.  (a–c)  HA  data.  (d–f)  climate  data.  (g–i)  geographic  data.  (j–k)  Vegetation  data.  (l) 
HA intensity. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026865J. Li et al.

tively. It shows that the model is able to capture the features and pat-
terns in the data well and that the results are highly accurate.

(OOB)
ij

n

(9)  

(10) 

In Eqs. (9, 10), ni

o  is the number of cases observed in the i-th tree of 
the OOB data, I(g) is an indicator function that is equal to 1 when the two 
values are equal and equal to 0 when they are not, Yp ∈ {0, 1} is the true 
∈ {0, 1} is the prediction of the i-th 
result for the p-th observation, Yi
p
tree for the p-th observation of the OOB data before random replace-
∈ {0, 1} is the prediction result of the i-th tree for the p-th 
ment, Yi
observation of the OOB data following random replacement, and n is the 
number of classification trees in RF. When j does not appear in the i-th 

p,πj

tree, VIM

(OOB)
ij

= 0. 

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), or Transformer model was used.