Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

within the published data ranges (min: 0.928; max: 41.2145 tons per 
hectare), confirming the dataset’s validity for the regions under study.

3.1.3. Fire severity, combustion efficiency

(cid:0) 1) and 1.797 to 2.536 Tg (0.1797 to 0.2536 Tg yr

3.1.4. Calculate processing 

The following processes were carried out within GEE to produce a 
thorough  time  series  dataset  that  included  land  cover  types,  wildfire 
locations, NBR, and above-ground biomass data in mainland China:  

• First, filter the feature collection on GEE by using the MCD64A1 date 
attribute  “Burndate”  (calendar  day).  The  range  1–366  is  used  to 
represent  the  fire  occurrence  area  that  has  been  labeled  as  “Bur-
narea.”  After that, it was easier to extract the land cover types for 
each  year  by  overlaying  MCD12Q1,  and  MOD17A3  was  used  to 
calculate the annual NPP. The “ForestFireArea” image collection was 
then created by adding attribute information using the “image.add-
Bands()” API.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any direct mention or discussion about the completion criteria for training, such as reaching a validation loss plateau. However, we can infer from the context that the authors have performed various analyses and calculations related to wildfires, including fire severity, combustion efficiency, and calculating processing datasets. They also mentioned using Google Earth Engine (GEE) to create a thorough time series dataset containing land cover types, wildfire locations, Normalized Burn Ratio (NBR), and above-ground biomass data in mainland China.

In this case, since no specific details regarding the completion criteria for training are available, I cannot provide a definitive answer based solely on the given context. It would be best to refer to additional resources or consult with domain experts to obtain accurate information on this topic.