Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025802R.K. James et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 1. Workflow used to (a) select a deep learning model, (b) develop a ground-truth imagery dataset, (c) train the deep learning models, (d & e) evaluate model 
performance and (f & g) obtain the data and analyse it to quantify the spatial patterns and resilience of the ecosystem. 

2.3. Deep learning models 

2.3.1. Semantic segmentation for vegetation mapping

Data availability 

The deep learning and post-processing scripts along with the 2012 
aerial  imagery  and  data  output  used  in  this  study  can  be  found  at 
https://git.wur. 
nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring. 

Acknowledgments

By providing the tools to conduct these analyses, we aim to stimulate the uptake of deep learning for enhancing 
the data obtained from aerial imagery to improve the monitoring and conservation of natural ecosystems.

3.1. Success of deep learning models 

The  semantic  segmentation  model  used  to  identify  the  substrate 
types  achieved  an  accuracy  of  92%.  The  precision  for  the  vegetation 
class was 0.90, for the bare class was 0.96, and for the ‘other’ class was 
0.50 when evaluating the model against the test dataset. The recall of 
the model (the number of instances in which the model correctly iden-
tified the pixels out of the total number of pixels in that class) reached 
0.97 for vegetation, 0.87 for bare substrate and the ‘other’ class reached 
a recall of 0.53.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.