Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.5. Sample thinning 

Sample  thinning  had  very  little  effect  on  accuracy  or  variable 
importance,  or  mapped  models,  indicating  no  clear  benefits  for 
tampering  with  samples  that  may  provide  information  about  species 
characteristics and responses to the environment. It is not necessary to 
add another modeling step that involves many choices, although thin-
ning  may  be  beneficial  if  thousands  of  samples  were  taken  from  one 
study site. An outcome of reducing samples is that minimum sample size 
thresholds need to be lowered to maintain the same species pool. Sample 
thinning does provide a confirmation that sample size is not as critical as 
capturing ecological amplitude for species distribution. 

5. Conclusions

Accuracy  metrics  occurred  on  separate  testing  data,  or  withheld 
known classes, to determine how well the classifier assigned classes using 
predictor  variables.  The  testing  data  were  25%  of  samples  for  this 
modeling, a randomly sampled split that is standard modeling practice 
(performed through the createDataPartition function in the caret pack-
age). The true positive rate or sensitivity is a measure of the number of 
predicted observations that were accurately assigned to a class, while the 
true negative rate or specificity is a measure of the number of predicted 
observations where the response variable of interest did not occur. 

2.4. Variable reduction for correlation

2. Methods 

2.1. Species samples and thinning

at each split in the tree, 3) determines a split point from many possible 
values, and 4) averages trees. In random forests, the standard is to make 
use of bagging and tree averaging, rather than pruning trees or limiting 
tree size, to prevent over-fitting (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 
2006; Goldstein et al., 2011). Breiman (2000:4) wrote that ‘the largest 
trees possible result in the best accuracy.’ Indeed, typically fine-tuning 
parameters  is  unnecessary  to  achieve  accurate  performance  with 
random forests (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 2006).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not contain any information regarding the use of a deep learning model or its associated hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an answer based on the available context.