Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

at each split in the tree, 3) determines a split point from many possible 
values, and 4) averages trees. In random forests, the standard is to make 
use of bagging and tree averaging, rather than pruning trees or limiting 
tree size, to prevent over-fitting (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 
2006; Goldstein et al., 2011). Breiman (2000:4) wrote that ‘the largest 
trees possible result in the best accuracy.’ Indeed, typically fine-tuning 
parameters  is  unnecessary  to  achieve  accurate  performance  with 
random forests (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 2006).

1.4. Modeling approaches 

Modeling also includes selection of the classifier (or probability of 
occurrence estimator), which encompasses hundreds of different options 
(Fern´andez-Delgado  et  al.,  2014),  although  general  linear  models, 
MaxEnt,  and  random  forests  are  among  the  most  commonly  applied 
classifiers  (Santini  et  al.,  2021).  For  the  selected  classifier,  modeling 
package  options  enable  automated  tuning  for  parameters  through 
resampling and standard default values to reach the most accurate final 
model configuration. Multiple methods may be applied to detect over-
lapping outcomes, allowing some strength of evidence within a study 
rather  than  only  comparing  support  from  other  studies,  but  multiple 
methods may be too burdensome when hundreds or thousands of models 
are generated due to numerous species, predictor variable combinations, 
and time intervals.

4.5. Sample thinning 

Sample  thinning  had  very  little  effect  on  accuracy  or  variable 
importance,  or  mapped  models,  indicating  no  clear  benefits  for 
tampering  with  samples  that  may  provide  information  about  species 
characteristics and responses to the environment. It is not necessary to 
add another modeling step that involves many choices, although thin-
ning  may  be  beneficial  if  thousands  of  samples  were  taken  from  one 
study site. An outcome of reducing samples is that minimum sample size 
thresholds need to be lowered to maintain the same species pool. Sample 
thinning does provide a confirmation that sample size is not as critical as 
capturing ecological amplitude for species distribution. 

5. Conclusions

2. Methods 

2.1. Species samples and thinning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text mentions that modeling package options enable automated tuning for parameters through resampling and standard default values to reach the most accurate final model configuration. This suggests that the hyperparameters of the model could potentially be optimized using techniques such as grid search or random search, which involve trying out different combinations of hyperparameter values and selecting the combination that results in the best performance. However, the exact method used for hyperparameter optimization is not explicitly stated in the given context.