Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

DNN  are  algorithms  consisting  of  neurons  arranged  in  successive 
layers that apply computations based on learnable parameters (weights 
and  bias)  and  activation  functions  to  inputs  from  previous  layers, 
through to an output consistent with the training data. Different types of 
layers  (convolutional,  pooling,  flatten,  etc.)  may  combine  in  large 
numbers to create complex algorithms that are difficult to interpret and 
often referred to as ‘black boxes’ (McGinn et al., 2023; Stowell, 2022). It 
is virtually impossible to follow how they use millions of parameters to 
reach a particular decision for any given input. Consequently, there is an 

array of tools and procedures to try to understand some of their inner 
workings. Here, we focus on the improved utilisation of one technique 
referred to as “analysis of embeddings”.

Neural information processing scaled for bioacoustics-from neurons to Big Data. In: 
Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Scaled for Bioacoustics: From Neurons 
to Big Data, 2013. http://sabiod.univ-tln.fr/NIPS4B2013_book.pdf. 

Gupta, Gaurav, Kshirsagar, Meghana, Zhong, Ming, Gholami, Shahrzad, Ferres, Juan 

Lavista, 2021. Comparing recurrent convolutional neural networks for large scale 
bird species classification. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 17085. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598- 
021-96446-w. 

He, Kaiming, Zhang, Xiangyu, Ren, Shaoqing, Sun, Jian, 2015. ‘Deep residual learning 

for image recognition’. arXiv. http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385. 

Hershey, Shawn, Chaudhuri, Sourish, Ellis, Daniel P.W., Gemmeke, Jort F., Jansen, Aren, 
Moore, Channing, Plakal, Manoj, et al., 2017. CNN Architectures for Large-Scale 
Audio Classification. In: International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal 
Processing (ICASSP).. https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.09430.

accuracy  limits  that  we  encountered  training  DNN  models  with  the 
detailed-labelled NIPS4Bplus dataset (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021). We 
drilled down on the results using another high-quality model (BirdNET) 
and  compared  it  to  our  SincNet  trained  models.  For  that,  we  experi-
mented  with  dimensionality  reduction  of  embeddings  and  an  initial 
dimensionality reduction technique (t-SNE). We generated embeddings 
using  the  BirdNET  model  on  a  randomly  selected  40%  sample  of  the

outputs.  The  embeddings  obtained  using  the  BirdNET-Analyzer  v2.1 
models have 420 dimensions.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. However, it discusses the use of different types of layers (convolutional, pooling, flatten, etc.) in creating complex algorithms known as Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). These DNNs consist of neurons arranged in successive layers that apply computations based on learnable parameters (weights and bias) and activation functions to inputs from previous layers. The text also mentions the use of dimensionality reduction techniques like t-SNE applied to embeddings generated by the BirdNET model. Unfortunately, without more detailed information about the specific implementation of these DNNs, it is not possible to provide exact values for hyperparameters such as the learning rate or optimizer.