Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We  classified  all  the  input  dataset combinations  (10  variable  sets; 
Table  2)  with  each  classifier  (RF,  SVM,  MARS)  and  with  two  sets  of 
classes (7C and 13C); thus, we had 60 models as a result of the classi-
fications. Classifications and hyperparameter tuning were conducted in 
R  4.2  (R  Core  Team,  2023)  with  the  caret  package  (Kuhnaut  et  al., 
2022). 

2.4. Accuracy assessment

GREEN, RED, REDEDGE, NIR, NDRE, NDVI, vNDVI, DSM, Run Percentage (k5o1) 
GREEN, RED, REDEDGE, NIR 
NDVI, NDRE, vNDVI 
Run Percentage (k2o1, k2o3, k2o5, k3o1, k3o3, k3o5, k5o1, k5o3, k5o5) 
GREEN, RED, REDEDGE, NIR, NDRE, NDVI, vNDVI 
DSM, REDEDGE, NIR, vNDVI, GREEN, NDVI 
REDEDGE, vNDVI, DSM, NIR, NDRE, NDVI 
Run Percentage (k5o1), NDVI, NDRE, vNDVI 
Run Percentage (k5o1), GREEN, RED, REDEDGE, NIR 
DSM, GREEN, RED, REDEDGE, NIR 
DSM, NDRE, NDVI, vNDVI  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026245L. Szab´o et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

JM values were squared to achieve the common JM value range of 0–2 as 
the varSel used a different function (with the square root of JM). 

3.3. Class level evaluation 

3. Results 

3.1. Jeffries-Matusita separability analysis

indices,  the  Run  percentage  performed  well,  with  the  highest  impor-
tance in previous research (Schlosser et al., 2020), thus, we calculated 
the Run percentage (Eq. 4), using the 8-bit version of the NDVI layer in 
the Orfeo Toolbox in the QGIS 3.16 environment (Grizonnet et al., 2017; 
Miyamoto and Jr, 2008) with nine different kernel and offset parame-
ters. NDVI was selected because it preserved band information, repre-
sented  biomass,  and  guaranteed  visually  distinct  features  for  various 
genus groups. The following parameters were applied: two, three, and 
five kernel (k) options and one, three, and five offset (o) options in all

Table 2 
The different combinations of input datasets used for the classifications (Near Infrared [NIR], Normalized Difference Vegetation Index [NDVI], Normalized Difference 
RedEdge Index [NDRE] and visible NDVI [vNDVI], Digital Surface Model [DSM], kernel [k] and offset [o] values applied during the Run Percentage calculation).  

Code 

Description 

Input data 

a 
b 
si 
t 
bsi 
rfe 

tsi 
tb 
db 
dsi 

all type 
spectral bands 
spectral indices 
texture indices 
bands and spectral indices 
variable selection with Recursive Feature Elimination of the 7 class model 
variable selection with Recursive Feature Elimination of the 13 class model 
texture index and spectral indices 
texture index and spectral bands 
DSM and spectral bands 
DSM and spectral indices

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding which hardware resources were utilized for this purpose.