Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Report 1998.

strategic planning based on deep learning algorithm. IseB 21, 9.

Ren, D.-F., Cao, A.-H., Du, W.-J., 2023. Ecosystem service value and changes in food
supply and demand in Liaoning Province. Chinese J. Soil Sci. 54, 527–535.
Rotar, I., Sangeorzan, D.D., 2018. The evolution of minimum arable land and food
consumption from 1961 to 2013. Sci. Papers-Series D-Anim. Sci. 61, 318–324.
Saadi, S., Antoni, J.-P., 2023. Assessing the role of settlement in the environmental
challenges of sensitive ecosystems. A case study in Zrebar wetland (Iran). Eco.
Inform. 75.

Saglam, M.H., Goktenturk, T., Demir, I., Yazici, E., 2023. Environmental factors for the
advancement of Teachers’ self-efficacy in professional development. J. Intell. 11.

Sam, K., Onyena, A.P.P., Zabbey, N., Odoh, C.K.K., Nwipie, G.N.N., Nkeeh, D.K.K.,

Funding

This work was supported by the Project on Basic Research Opera-
tions of Central Research Institutes: Research on the Construction of
Natural Resources Survey and Monitoring Technology System and Some
Key Technologies (No. AR2203), National Natural Science Foundation
of China Youth Project (No. 71903183).

CRediT authorship contribution statement

Xinyu Hu: Writing – original draft, Resources, Methodology, Formal
analysis, Data curation. Chun Dong: Funding acquisition, Conceptual-
ization. Yu Zhang: Funding acquisition, Conceptualization.

Declaration of competing interest

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence
the work reported in this paper.

Data availability

The authors do not have permission to share data.

Acknowledgements

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10272013X. Hu et al.

production methods, increasing the pressure on the sustainability of
arable land (Cai et al., 2022; Mugari and Masundire, 2022).

Acknowledgements

This study was made possible by the contributions and support of
many parties. Please accept our apologies for any omissions. We would
like to thank the institution that funded our research:the Project on Basic
Research Operations of Central Research Institutes: Research on the
Construction of Natural Resources Survey and Monitoring Technology
System and Some Key Technologies (No. AR2203),National Natural
Science Foundation of China Youth Project (No. 71903183); and the
editors and reviewers of Ecological Informatics for their professional
comments on this manuscript. Without your contributions, our research
would not have been possible.

References

(WWF), W.W.F.f.N, 2011. Earth vitality report 2010 (below). World Environ. 000,

50–53.

Ahmad, M., Satrovic, E., 2023. Modeling combined role of renewable electricity output,
environmental regulations, and coal consumption in ecological sustainability. Eco.
Inform. 75.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in a deep learning pipeline. However, common methods for gathering such data include using sensors, conducting surveys, utilizing publicly available datasets, web scraping, and more. It is important to note that the choice of method depends on the nature of the problem being addressed and the type of data required for training the deep learning model. For instance, if one needs spatial data, remote sensing techniques can be employed, while temporal data may require time series analysis. Therefore, without further details regarding the specific application or project mentioned in the context, it cannot be determined which methods were used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline.