Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

2.2. Data collection and processing

(4) 

A  comprehensive  explanation  of  additional  statistics,  such  as  the 
decomposition of individual MI (Eqs. 5 and 6) as well as individual es-
timates of U, S, and R (Eqs. 7, 8, 9, and 10) involved in the generation of 
process networks is provided in the Supplementary text (1.1 Method). 
TPINet  effectively  works  when  there  are  at  least  200  data  points 
(Goodwell  and  Kumar,  2017a).  This  approach  can reveal  interactions 
occurring on hourly to daily time scales over several-day-time windows. 
Studies  employing  an  information  theory-based  transfer  entropy 
approach for network generation, with datasets at sub-hourly and sub- 
daily scales, have consistently provided robust results (Goodwell et al., 
2018; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017a; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017b).

information. Source variables such as SH, TA, NSR, and RH consistently 
contributed uniquely in the winter season (DJF 2014–15 and 2015–16), 
as shown in Fig. 7 (a and e). However, VPD is independently sharing 
information only in DJF of 2015–16 (Fig. 7 (e)). At the same time, pairs 
of source variables like, {NSR, SH}, {TA, NSR}, {TA, SH}, {RH, TA}, 
{RH, NSR}, and {RH, SH} are together influencing the NEE resulting in 
SNEE and RNEE. Although the influences of a few pairs like {RH, TA} are 
obvious, understanding the physical processes for all of them is a chal-
lenging task for a complex system.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot determine which optimization techniques were applied, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam).