Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

Souza  et  al.,  2020).  Furthermore,  as  ML  methods  are  prone  to  over- 
fitting  and  the  curse  of  dimensionality,  decreasing  the  feature  space 
dimension using intelligent feature selection techniques can be another 
interesting topic of study. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgement

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

Maier, P.M., Keller, S., Hinz, S., 2021. Deep learning with wasi simulation data for 

estimating chlorophyll a concentration of inland water bodies. Remote Sens. 13, 718. 
https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13040718. 

Novo, E.M.L.M., Steffen, C.A., Braga, C.Z.F., 1991. Results of a laboratory experiment 
relating spectral reflectance to total suspended solids. Remote Sens. Environ. 36, 
67–72. https://doi.org/10.1016/0034-4257(91)90031-Z. 

Olmanson, L.G., Brezonik, P.L., Bauer, M.E., 2013. Airborne hyperspectral remote 

sensing to assess spatial distribution of water quality characteristics in large rivers: 
The mississippi river and its tributaries in minnesota. Remote Sens. Environ. 130, 
254–265. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2012.11.023.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Regularization is a technique used in machine learning and deep learning models to prevent overfitting by adding a penalty term to the loss function during training. This helps to reduce the complexity of the model and improve its ability to generalize to new data. In the context of deep learning pipelines, there are several regularization methods commonly used to prevent overfitting.

One popular method is Dropout, which randomly drops out neurons from the network during training. This prevents any single neuron from becoming too influential and encourages the network to learn more robust features. Another common method is L2 Regularization, also known as weight decay, which adds a penalty term proportional to the square of the weights to the loss function. This encourages smaller weights and reduces the risk of overfitting.

Other regularization methods include Early Stopping, where training is stopped when validation error starts increasing instead of decreasing; Data Augmentation, where additional synthetic data is generated to increase the size of the training set; and Batch Normalization, which normalizes the inputs to each layer of the network to reduce internal covariate shift.

These regularization methods are often combined in practice to achieve optimal results. For example, Dropout and L2 Regularization can be used together to further reduce overfitting. Ultimately, the choice of regularization method depends on the specific problem being solved and the characteristics of the data being used.