Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

method  to  estimate  the  model  parameters  directly  from  field  data,  where  experimental  activities  are  less 
expensive and less time consuming. In this study we propose a combination of least squares methods via genetic 
algorithms to preliminary evaluate the best parameter values and Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach to obtain 
their distribution. The algorithm has been tested in the special case of Drosophila suzukii, to quantify part of the 
parameters  of  an almost  validated model in  two  steps:  i) a first pseudo-validation  using perturbed  numerical 
solutions, and ii) a validation using real field data. The results highlighted the potentialities of the algorithm in 
estimating model parameters and opened several perspectives for further improvements from both the compu-
tational and experimental point of view.

This study aims to test the combination of two methodologies to cope 
with the physiologically based model parameter estimation. More spe-
cifically,  we  developed  and  tested  an  algorithm  that  explores  the 
possible combinations of model parameters and provides their best es-
timate using field monitoring instead of laboratory datasets. We faced 
the problem of model parameter estimation through a hybrid method 
that  involves  the  strengths  of  GA,  LS,  and  MCMC.  Particularly,  the 
method is based on i) direct or iterative estimation via a genetic algo-
rithm using LS as an estimation method of the error to find an optimal 
value of the parameters, and ii) MCMC approach to find the statistical 
distribution of parameters. Least squares produce results similar to the 
Maximum Likelihood Estimation (MLE) under the hypothesis that the 
statistical  distribution  of  the  errors  is  Gaussian,  while  the  best  single

estimation via MCMC is usually the MLE estimation of the parameters. 
Although  these  two  methodologies  are  based  on  different  mathe-
matical backgrounds, their joint use can be of great help in the model 
parameters estimation from field data. This study proposes a workflow 
that can be applied to most physiologically based models existing in the 
literature. The basic idea is to use the LS method to preliminary explore 
the  space  of  the  parameters  via  genetic  algorithms,  providing  a  pre-
liminary optimization of the parameter values. Then, the MCMC algo-
rithm  will  tune  the  parameter  estimation,  providing  the  statistical 
distribution  and,  accordingly,  the  uncertainty  associated  with  every 
single parameter. For the sake of exposition, we will apply the algorithm 
to the model of Rossini et al. (2022a, 2021a) in two steps: i) a first step 
concerning  a  theoretical  test  on  perturbed  numerical  series,  and  ii)  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves a combination of least squares methods via genetic algorithms and a Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach.

In the first step, the least squares algorithm is used to order the entries of the database from smaller to higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the first step of the least squares algorithm and leads to the second part, defined as the genetic algorithm. This part of the process is based on an iterative optimization and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters.

In the second step, the first quarter of the best fit parameter values stored in the database is considered as input for the process. The algorithm then uses a Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach to obtain the distribution of the parameters.

It is not explicitly stated how the model performance is monitored during training, but it can be inferred that the performance is evaluated by comparing the estimated parameter values obtained from the least squares algorithm and the genetic algorithm with the actual parameter values. Additionally, the Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach allows for the calculation of the statistical distribution of the parameters, which can provide insight into the uncertainty associated with each parameter.

Overall, the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves a combination of least squares methods via genetic algorithms and a Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach to estimate the model parameters and obtain their distribution.