Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  this  study,  we  conducted  an  analysis  of  a  multifrequency  acoustics  dataset  acquired  from  scientific 
echosounders  in  the  West  African  water.  Our  objective  was  to  explore  the  spatial  arrangement  of  marine  or-
ganism aggregations. We investigated various attributes of these intricate biological entities, such as thickness, 
relative density, and depth, in relation to their surroundings. These environmental conditions were represented 
at a fine scale using a towed multiparameter system. This study is closely intertwined with two key domains: 
Fisheries acoustics techniques and functional data analysis. Fisheries acoustics techniques facilitate the collection 
of high-resolution spatial and temporal data concerning marine organisms at various depths and spatial scales, all 
without causing any disturbance. On the other hand, spatial-functional data analysis is a statistical approach for

examining  data  characterised  by  functional  attributes  distributed  across  a  spatial  domain.  This  analysis  en-
compasses dimension reduction techniques, as well as supervised and unsupervised methods, which take into 
consideration spatial dependencies within extensive datasets.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10254713Depth(m)Y. Kande et al.

stochastic process mainly valued in a Hilbert space. Statistical methods 
for functional data have received a lot of attention from the scientific 
community  (Ramsay  and  Silverman,  2005;  Silverman  and  Ramsay, 
2002) over the last decade. Li et al. (2022) and Koner and Staicu (2023) 
reviewed recently some of the fundamental concepts of the FDA, their 
recent advances, and their impact on practical cases. FDA is an alter-
native to the use of diverse and heterogeneous datasets (Pauthenet et al., 
2017, 2019) of functional, shape or more complex structure. Here we 
studied the relationships between the SSL spatial structuration and the 
pelagic environment to take advantage of all the information available 
in the data. Previous work by Diogoul et al. (2020), among others, has 
been  done  on  aggregated  features  from  the  original  data.  Classical 
multivariate biostatistical analyses such as Principal Component Anal-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The query asks about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline, but based on the given context, there is no mention of specific datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, the context discusses a study that uses a multifrequency acoustics dataset acquired from scientific echosounders in the West African waters. The goal of the study is to investigate the spatial arrangement of marine organism aggregations and examine various attributes such as thickness, relative density, and depth. The study employs fisheries acoustics techniques and functional data analysis, including dimension reduction techniques and supervised and unsupervised methods. Therefore, it can be concluded that the study does not utilize common deep learning datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet.