Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Invasive species remain a challenging and costly problem (Crystal- 
Ornelas  et al., 2021; Hiatt et al., 2019), and  long-term monitoring  of 
invasions  can  provide  valuable  ecological  information  to  guide  man-
agement decisions (Blossey, 1999). Remote sensing may be the ideal tool 
to  fill  this  need  by  providing  accurate  and  affordable  repeat  imagery 
(Bradley, 2014). However, training datasets can be riddled with vari-
ability  or  errors  that  complicate  training  of  machine-learning  ap-
proaches. Here, we showed that a multiple-instance learning algorithm, 
which allows for variability or imprecision in the training dataset, can 
detect a highly problematic invasive plant species using multispectral 
airborne and satellite imagery. Using Brazilian peppertree in the Ever-
glades  National  Park,  we  showcased  that  an  invader  can  be  detected 
with >70% accuracy using NAIP, RapidEye, and Landsat 8 imagery. This

torelli et al., 2014). Most machine learning approaches are not designed 
to handle training data that is not ‘pure’ or 100% representative of the 
target invader (Roberts et al., 1998).

Susan  Meerdink:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  anal-
ysis, Methodology, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 
Drew  Hiatt:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Writing  –  review  & 
editing. S. Luke Flory: Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Project 
administration,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Alina  Zare:  Conceptuali-
zation, Methodology. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgments

Often,  the  challenge  with  using  machine  learning  algorithms  for 
ecology  and  conservation  applications  is  matching  training  data 
collected in the field or high spatial resolution imagery to pixels in the 
target  imagery.  The  imperfect  nature  of  training  data  can  arise  from 
several common issues. Frequently, an invader does not form dense or 
large stands on the landscape, or the phenology of the invader results in 
cover  changes  (Nagendra  et  al.,  2013;  Pettorelli  et  al.,  2014).  These 
situations typically result in a mixed pixel, which is comprised of mul-
tiple  species  or  surfaces.  To  compound  this  effect,  training  data  is 
commonly  developed  on  higher  spatial  resolution  imagery  (e.g.,  un-
manned aerial vehicles or aircraft) where the invader might be present 
in  100%  cover  but  is  often  scaled  to  the  coarser  spatial  resolution  of 
target  imagery  resulting  in  mixed  pixels  (Nagendra  et  al.,  2013;  Pet-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention any specific data augmentation techniques used in their deep learning pipeline. However, it discusses the use of remote sensing tools such as airborne and satellite imagery for detecting invasive plant species like Brazilian peppertree in the Everglades National Park. It also mentions the application of a multiple-instance learning algorithm to handle variability or imprecision in the training dataset.

Data augmentation techniques are commonly used in deep learning pipelines to increase the amount of training data and improve model performance. Some popular data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shifting images. These transformations help create new variations of existing data, making models more robust and generalizable.

Since the context does not specify the exact data augmentation methods employed, one cannot definitively state which techniques were utilized in their deep learning pipeline. Nonetheless, based on typical practices in image analysis tasks, it is plausible that some combination of these standard data augmentation techniques was implemented.