Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

Author contributions 

Francesco  Valerio:  Conceptualization,  Writing  -  Original  Draft, 
Writing - Review & Editing, Visualization, Data curation, Methodology, 
Software, Formal Analysis. S´ergio Godinho: Conceptualization, Writing 
- Review &  Editing, Visualization, Methodology, Investigation, Super-
vision. Ana Teresa Marques: Methodology, Writing - Review & Editing, 
Visualization. Tiago Crispim-Mendes: Data curation, Writing - Review 
& Editing. Ricardo Pita: Writing - Review & Editing. Jo˜ao Paulo Silva: 
Conceptualization,  Methodology,  Writing  -  Review  &  Editing,  Data 
curation, Project administration, Funding acquisition. 

Funding

2.3. Data scaling 

The final step refers to data scaling, and intrinsically to gap filling 
and data matching levels required by the user. Different scaling domains 
have been suggested by Fritsch et al. (2020). As the interest relies on 
aggregating  data  across  scales  prior  to  modelling,  our  approach  con-
forms  to  a  “pre-modelling  scaling”  protocol  (Fritsch  et  al.,  2020). 
Sequential  processes  were  implemented  within  GEE  for  scaling  up 
environmental  time  series  from  one  spatial  and/or  temporal  scale  to 
another during data extraction.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, or confusion matrix. However, it can be inferred that the authors might have used some form of evaluation methods to assess their models' performance. In general, common postprocessing steps include evaluating the model using various metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curves etc.; generating visualizations like saliency maps, confusion matrices, ROC curves etc.; and performing statistical tests to validate the results. But without explicit information about these steps in the given context, we cannot provide a definitive answer.