Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

overfitting. These samples are selected randomly from all areas that are 
used in the training set, and are never used to fit the model. The model is 
trained for 150 epochs and with a batch size of 128. Dropout (Srivastava 
et al., 2014) with a rate of 0.3 is used during the training to make it more 
stable. Furthermore, ADAM optimisation (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a 
learning  rate  of  0.0001  is  used  to  find  optimal  weights  in  the  neural 
network in order to minimise the cross entropy loss between the net-
work’s predictions and the pre-labelled data.

Since the collection and annotation of data for the training of models, 
as  the  one  in  this  paper,  is  a  labour-intensive  process,  it  would  be 
valuable  to  perform  such  profound  investigations  and  quantify  the 
amount of data that may be needed. Another way forward, which avoids 
the labour intense labelling, would be to look for already annotated data 
that have been used for other purposes and then use that data to build AI 
models. One technique, which needs to be further investigated, in order 
to facilitate the collected data better, is to generate additional synthet-
ical  samples  from the  annotated  dataset, using  generative  adversarial 
models,  such  as  in  the  presented  work  by  Fang  et  al.  (2019)  and  Li 
(2019). In such approaches, several new samples are created in a real-
istic  way,  adding  more  variation  and  more  samples  to  the  original 
dataset. Hence, a small dataset can be extended with samples that are

Fig. 2. Cross validation of the model. The model is cross validated in such a way that the analysed area is split into 10 sub-areas. These sub-areas varies in terrain 
type and hence, let us validate the generalisation behaviour of the model to areas with slightly different. 

memory.  These  splits  are  conducted  in  an  iterative  manner  so  the 
smaller areas are side by side to each other. In addition, a padding of 27 
pixels  is  added  as  a  frame  around  the  area  used  as  input  in  order  to 
counter  the  size  reduction  that  occurs  within  the  CNN.  This  process 
creates 41,601 smaller segments, which can be viewed as small images, 
that are all handled independently by the model. 

2.5. Data post-processing

the texture with the texture representing hills. Furthermore, the exam-
ples that are used, both in the training and the testing, comes from a 
specific  region.  Hence,  in  order  to  not  be  biased,  a  future  sensitivity 
analysis should be done over a multitude of tasks and using samples that 
are uniformly sampled over the whole area where predictions are ex-
pected to be performed.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that the model was trained for 150 epochs with a batch size of 128, dropout rate of 0.3, learning rate of 0.0001, and ADAM optimization was used. It also states that these parameters were chosen to minimize the cross entropy loss between the network's predictions and the pre-labeled data. Therefore, it can be inferred that some form of hyperparameter tuning was likely employed, but the specific method (grid search, random search, etc.) is not mentioned.