Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.2. Related research 

In the domain of WSM utilizing ML models, optimizing data struc-
tures is paramount. Our study’s engagement with this challenge has led 
to identifying efficient data structures for ML classification. This opti-
mization focuses on the strategic selection of predictors from S2 imagery 
and  the  integration  of  XAI  techniques.  Specifically,  we  optimize  the 
input  matrix  X  = i  × j,  where  I  represents  the  number  of  predictors 
(columns) and j represents the number of training points (rows). We aim 
to select the 12 most pertinent predictors from S2 imagery to enhance

2. Methodology 

Fig. 1 shows the comprehensive methodology implemented in this 
study for WSM based on the XAI framework. The workflow encompasses 
four  key  stages:  data  extraction,  data  labeling,  classification  settings, 
and experimental design. The specifics of each stage are described as 
follows. 

2.1. Data extraction 

The  S2  satellite,  part  of  the  European  Union’s  Copernicus  Earth 
observation  program,  represents  a  collaborative  effort  between  the

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10260111L.N. Van et al.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026014L.N. Van et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined if they used AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform.