Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10254713Depth(m)Y. Kande et al.

examining  data  characterised  by  functional  attributes  distributed  across  a  spatial  domain.  This  analysis  en-
compasses dimension reduction techniques, as well as supervised and unsupervised methods, which take into 
consideration spatial dependencies within extensive datasets.

stochastic process mainly valued in a Hilbert space. Statistical methods 
for functional data have received a lot of attention from the scientific 
community  (Ramsay  and  Silverman,  2005;  Silverman  and  Ramsay, 
2002) over the last decade. Li et al. (2022) and Koner and Staicu (2023) 
reviewed recently some of the fundamental concepts of the FDA, their 
recent advances, and their impact on practical cases. FDA is an alter-
native to the use of diverse and heterogeneous datasets (Pauthenet et al., 
2017, 2019) of functional, shape or more complex structure. Here we 
studied the relationships between the SSL spatial structuration and the 
pelagic environment to take advantage of all the information available 
in the data. Previous work by Diogoul et al. (2020), among others, has 
been  done  on  aggregated  features  from  the  original  data.  Classical 
multivariate biostatistical analyses such as Principal Component Anal-

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Yoba Kande: Writing –  review &  editing, Writing –  original draft, 
Software,  Methodology,  Formal  analysis. Ndague  Diogoul:  Writing  – 
review  &  editing,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis.  Patrice  Brehmer: 
Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Validation,  Supervision,  Methodology, 
Investigation,  Funding  acquisition,  Formal  analysis.  Sophie  Dabo- 
Niang: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Validation, 
Supervision,  Methodology,  Investigation,  Funding  acquisition,  Formal 
analysis. Papa Ngom: Supervision, Methodology, Investigation, Formal 
analysis. Yannick Perrot: Software, Data curation. 

Data availability 

The authors do not have permission to share data. 

Acknowledgements

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The authors do not have permission to share data. Therefore, there is no data repository link for the deep learning pipeline.