Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the validation dataset and the model segmented 1195 objects.

×

3.4. Data Augmentation

Data augmentation was applied randomly to the input images, including 0–360◦ rotations,
horizontal and vertical ﬂips, and changes in the brightness, saturation and hue, by modulating
the current values between 95 and 110% for brightness, 95–105% for saturation and 99–101% for hue
(as changes in the plant hues are not expected).

3.5. Segmentation Accuracy Assessment

as a sum of two terms: binary cross-entropy and Dice coefﬁcient-related loss of the three predicted
masks [50–52]. We used the optimizer RMSprop (unpublished, adaptive learning rate method proposed
by Geoff Hinton here http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~tijmen/csc321/slides/lecture_slides_lec6.pdf)
with an initial learning rate of 0.0001. We trained our network for 300 epochs with 24 images per batch.

ability to identify features in large amounts of data, including very high-resolution imagery, achieving
accuracy similar to human-level classiﬁcation accuracy, but in a consistent and fast way, enabling
rapid application over very large areas and/or through time [14]. For example, individual tree species
mapping in tropical forests, that was in the past only possible on small scale with traditional machine
learning methods [15,16] is now feasible on a large scale (>5000 km2) with a deep learning method
called U-net [17–20].

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, it mentions the use of data augmentation techniques to improve the robustness of the model.

Data augmentation is a strategy that enables practitioners to significantly increase the diversity of training datasets available for a machine learning task using label-preserving transformations. In this case, the authors apply random transformations to the input images, including rotations, flips, and changes in brightness, saturation, and hue. These techniques help reduce overfitting and improve the generalization capabilities of the model by exposing it to various versions of the same image.

While these techniques do not directly target data biases, they can contribute indirectly to mitigating them by increasing the variability within the dataset. Nonetheless, addressing data biases more explicitly might require additional strategies like those mentioned in the query, which are not discussed in the provided context.