Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0) 4,  and  steep  value  of  1.3e

4). 

(cid:0)

4.3.3. Model evaluation 

In this section, the results of the deep learning model developed are 
presented. The model was trained to make day-ahead predictions of the 
three pollutants, but first, an appropriate evaluation metric had to be 
selected.  The  top  metrics  for  regression  problems  are  mean  squared 
error/root  mean  squared  error  (MSE/RMSE),  mean  absolute  error 

Fig. 12. A plot showing the model's training and validation losses against the 
number of epochs. It is worth noting that there was a gradual decrease in both 
losses  as  the  training  epochs  increased  which  indicates  that  the  model  was 
learning. Further training beyond 20,000 epochs would have either resulted in 
overfitting or no further drop in both losses.

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

Suitable optimisers, loss functions and activation functions had to be 
selected from an array of available options. Series of experimentation 
were  carried  out  on  popular  optimisation  functions  such  as  SGD, 
RMSProp,  LAMB,  LARS  and  Adam  and  regression  loss  functions  like 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160911T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 10. Auto-SQL generation to pre-process the dataset. An SQL command which generates 3-hour and 6-hour pollutant averages from the preceding readings 
is depicted. 

Fig.  11. The  model's  training  loss  against  the  learning  rate  to  determine  the 
appropriate learning rate. The learning rate was fixed at the point where the 
(cid:0)
plot started dipping (i.e., 10

4).

outputs, as other articles will elaborate on developing more advanced 
deep  learning  models.  Future  research  will  integrate  other  relevant 
highway  attributes  such  as  traffic  flow,  highway  terrain,  background 
concentration, and pollutant characteristics such as washout coefficient, 
dispersion rate, and emission, critical to developing highway air quality 
estimation models. 

Acknowledgement 

The authors would like to express their sincere gratitude to Innova-
teUK  (Grant  Application  No  10137  and  File  No  104367)  and  EPSRC 
(Grant Ref No EP/N509012/1) for providing the financial support for 
this study.  

Declaration of Competing Interest 

None. 

Appendix A. Data summary for pollutant estimation before processing  

S/No 

Column 

Column Description 

Non-Null Count 

Data type 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
32 
33 
34

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it can be determined that the deep learning model employed in this study utilized several hyperparameters. Specifically, the learning rate was set at 10^-4 after evaluating its performance using different values. Additionally, various optimization algorithms were tested, including Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Root Mean Square Propagation (RMSProp), Lamb Optimization Algorithm (LAMB), Large Batch Size Method (LARS), and Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, the specific optimizer chosen for the final model is not explicitly mentioned in the provided information.