Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Supplementary Materials: The following are available online at http://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/12/3/343/s1,
Figure S1: Number of results in the Google scholar academic search engine. Date of queries, 28 December 2019.
[keyword + deep learning]. Keywords: AlexNet, DenseNet, GoogLeNet, Inception, MobileNet, Resnet, Resnext,
VGG, Xception. Figure S2: Illustration of the diﬀerence between the sampling design strategies, (A) Continuous
and (B) Discrete, including examples of images (0.5 ha) from each class (Three Tree-Cover levels plus the Non-Forest
class) of the training dataset. Image data: Google, Maxar, and NWPU-RESISC45 dataset. Archive S1: Metadata of
FAO’s GDA photointerpreted very high resolution plots (71,135) with zoom 19 in Google Maps. The CVS ﬁle
contains Id, UpperLeft and Downright coordinates, Zoom, Region, Aridity level, Class (Forest/Non-forest), and
Tree cover. Archive S2: Metadata of training dataset of continuous larger sample CNN-based model with very

74. LeCun, Y.; Bengio, Y.; Hinton, G. Deep learning. Nature 2015, 521, 436. [CrossRef]
75. Lynch, C. Big data: How do your data grow? Nature 2008, 455, 28. [CrossRef]
76.

Steinkraus, D.; Buck, I.; Simard, P.Y. Using GPUs for machine learning algorithms. In Proceedings of
the Eighth International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition (ICDAR’05), Seoul, Korea,
31 August–1 September 2005; pp. 1115–1120.

77. Bremond, L.; Alexandre, A.; Hély, C.; Guiot, J. A phytolith index as a proxy of tree cover density in
tropical areas: Calibration with Leaf Area Index along a forest–savanna transect in southeastern Cameroon.
Glob. Planet. Chang. 2005, 45, 277–293. [CrossRef]

78. Achard, F.; Eva, H.D.; Mayaux, P.; Stibig, H.J.; Belward, A. Improved estimates of net carbon emissions from

land cover change in the tropics for the 1990s. Glob. Biogeochem. Cycles 2004, 18. [CrossRef]

(1) Database construction phase: ﬁve training datasets were built with examples of images with
diﬀerent levels of tree cover, continuous and discrete approximations, and inclusion of auxiliary
class “Non-Forest” (see Section 2.2 and Supplementary Material, Archive S2).

(2) Training phase: training ﬁve CNN models based on Inception v.3 using two optimization

techniques, transfer learning, and data augmentation (see Section 2.3).

(3) Classiﬁcation phase: classiﬁcation of new 396 images with diﬀerent tree cover in global drylands
(see Supplementary Material, Table S1 and Archive S3) with the built CNN-based model (see
Section 2.4).

(4) Validation phase: assessment of performance on the new images (see Section 2.5).

2.2. Datasets Design

Before building the training datasets for the CNN-based models, we compiled a global database

of very high resolution satellite and aerial RGB images from two sources:

•

•

To validate the CNN-based models, we built a ﬁnal dataset of the 396 images from 71,135 Google
Maps VHR images of FAO’s GDA plots. We selected the images with samples stratiﬁed across diﬀerent
combinations of regions, aridity levels, and tree cover, according to FAO [19]. Thus, to get answers
to these combinations in the 71,135 images downloaded with zoom 19 from Google Maps, we tried
to choose a minimum of three images and a maximum of seven. However, this was not always
possible, resulting in a dataset with a total of 396 images (Table S1 and Archive S3). Two evaluators
(authors) established Forest or Non-Forest tags and tree cover for each image in the external dataset.
The evaluators were trained to perform the visual interpretation of the tree cover level of the images.
Therefore, the labels assigned by them were used in the external validation as a reference for a
correct classiﬁcation. Hence, two validation procedures were performed: internal and external. First,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given information, it appears that the metadata of the training dataset for the continuous larger sample CNN-based model is available in Archive S2. However, there is no explicit mention of where the complete data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, without additional context or information, it cannot be determined where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.