Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Method 

3.1. Dataset

3.3. Network architecture 

The architecture used was a heavily modified version of that used in 
“Unsupervised Deep Learning with Pytorch” by github user “eelxpeng” 
(eelxpeng, 2018). As the size of our audio spectrograms has been con-
strained to 128 × 128 pixel RGB images with values repeated in each 
color channel to produce a greyscale image. For this initial experiment 
testing  the feasibility of using an auto-encoder-generated feature rep-
resentation for ecoacoustic analysis, we chose a basic auto-encoder ar-
chitecture  to  minimise  the  complications  that  may  be  introduced  by 
more advanced architectures. A rectified linear unit (ReLU) based acti-
vation function was be used, to help mitigate the vanishing/exploding 
gradient  problem  (Xu  et  al.,  2015).  Networks  using  implicit  pooling 
(determined using pytorch) and explicit max-pooling were used.

Fig. 1. The structure of an auto-encoder.  

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012372B. Rowe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

proportion of non-silent audio clips. The research design is outlined in 
Fig. 2 

3.4. Training 

3.2. Data pre-processing

has been highly annotated and used in previous studies. The extensive 
annotation of the dataset allowed the feature representation produced 
by the auto-encoder to be easily evaluated and to be trained on a higher

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that the dataset used is highly annotated and has been used in previous studies. However, it does not specify the name or location of the data repository. Therefore, I do not have enough information to determine where the data repository is located.