Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  different  deep 

While test accuracy for all the considered networks DenseNet 121, Alex 
Net, ViT, ResNet50, Xception Net, VGG19, InceptionV3 and VGG16 are 
33.77%,  35.87%,  37.65%,  41.58%,  44.76%,  48.57%,  48.88%,  and 
50.15% respectively. It has been observed that on the test set the per-
formance of every model was lower than the validation set performance, 
While the performance of the model on the test set demonstrates how 
well the model can generalize. After seeing these results, it would be 
worth  noting  that  the  proposed  transformer-based  neural  network 
EMViT-Net achieves the highest classification accuracy with a validation 
accuracy of 71.17% and test accuracy of 67.62% while requiring lesser 
training time and performing faster than the other models. 

3.5.2. Performance comparison of EMViT with other models after 
augmentation

3.3. Experimental setup 

The system configuration used for training and experiments of the 
proposed model is given in Table 2. The proposed model EMViT-Net uses 
a kernel of size 3 and strides with size 1 for feature extraction from the 
convolutional  layer  and  generates  enriched  feature  spaces. To  reduce 
the size of extracted feature space max-pooling and average pooling are 
applied to look up the maximum and average value of generated feature 
spaces. To illustrate the point-wise and depth-wise combination of local 
convolutional  features  a  separable  convolutional  parameter-sharing 
attention block is added and batch normalization is applied to ensure 
the stable training and faster convergence of the proposed model. 

3.4. Performance evaluation

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

To further validate the performance of the proposed model EMViT- 
Net,  the  acquired  findings  were  compared  with  other  state-of-the-art 
models. The performance measures used to compare the performance 
of  EMViT-Net  with  other  deep  learning  models  are  evaluated  on  the 
validation set and test set of the considered dataset EMDS-6. The com-
parison of the classification results achieved by other pre-trained deep 
learning models is given in Table 4 and Table 5 which illustrates the 
finding on each set validation set and test set respectively by calculating 
the  average  value  of  precision,  recall  and  f1-score  for  all  categories 
which are named as Avg_Precision, Avg_Recall and Avg_F1-score. The 
detailed analysis of the proposed network EMViT-Net and other deep 
learning models with specific configurations on unseen test sets is out-
lined  here  which  shows  that  the  EMViT-Net  outperforms  precision,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there isn't any explicit mention or discussion about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, some common strategies to manage randomness include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, using techniques like cross-validation, averaging multiple runs, or employing ensemble methods to mitigate the impact of random initialization and improve overall performance.