Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

By combining a collinearity-filtering algorithm with model-specific 
embedded regularization techniques, we demonstrated the abilities of 
the  two-step  “embedded”  covariate  selection  procedure  to  deliver  ac-
curate  and  parsimonious  SDMs.  Implemented  and  streamlined  in  the 
covsel R package, it offers an open and evolutive ready-to-use tool for 
automated covariate selection that was missing in the SDM field, with 
the potential to become the new standard by which to perform this step. 
Capable of dealing with covariate sets ranging from several tens to 
thousands of candidates, the covsel R package can be easily run on any 
local computer or high-performance computing cluster. Despite being 
available  for  several  decades  (Hoerl  and  Kennard,  1970;  Saeys  et  al., 
2007; Tibshirani, 1996), embedding techniques have been little used in 
SDM  studies.  One  of  their  main  benefits  compared  to  the  more

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

windows of 100-m, 500-m, or 1-km radii), (ii) the category level (e.g.: 
within thematic covariate categories), and (iii) using all remainders.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific information about data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, based on the general understanding of machine learning pipelines, these techniques could potentially be applied depending on the nature of the problem and dataset. In the absence of explicit information regarding data annotation methods, one cannot definitively state what techniques were employed in the described process.