Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

TABLE 3. Classification performance of different methods using single
CNN-based model. Here, Mel-CNN, Harm-CNN, and Perc-CNN denote that
the input to those CNNs are Mel-spectrogram, harmonic-component
based spectrogram, and percussive-component based spectrogram.
Subnet-CNN denotes that a SubSpectralNet architecture is used with the
Mel-spectrogram as the input.

trogram. In addition to different TFRs, a different deep learning architecture, SubSpectralNet, is employed
to classify bird sounds. Experimental results on classifying 43 bird species show that fusing selected deep
learning models can effectively increase the classiﬁcation performance. Our best fused model can achieve a
balanced accuracy of 86.31% and a weighted F1-score of 93.31%.

175354

VOLUME 7, 2019

J. Xie et al.: Investigation of Different CNN-Based Models for Improved Bird Sound Classification

FIGURE 2. [Color online] The number of instance for all bird species in the CLO-43DS dataset. Here, x-axis denotes the abbreviations of common names
of those 43 bird species, which can be found in [27].

FIGURE 3. [Color online] The time-frequency representation generation procedure. Here, Mel-spectrogram is divided into harmonic and percussive
components using Harmonic-percussive source separation. DFT denotes discrete Fourier transform.

directional microphones and omni-directional microphones.
In addition, the signal-to-noise ratio varies among different
recordings. The detailed information of those wood-warbler
species involved in this dataset can be found in [23].

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper by J. Xie et al. titled "Investigation of Different CNN-Based Models for Improved Bird Sound Classification" uses the CLO-43DS dataset for their experiments. However, it does not mention any other popular datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. The CLO-43DS dataset contains recordings of 43 bird species collected using both directional and omnidirectional microphones. The dataset also includes variations in signal-to-noise ratios across different recordings. Detailed information about these bird species can be found in reference [23].