Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

X 

X 

X 

X 

Ten of the most common input parameters were selected for comparison, with an “X” denoting if a model includes that input parameter. Type abbreviations: EQ (equilibrium), A (analytical), N (numerical), EM (empirical), 
S (statistical). 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
K. Beall et al.

5.3. Limitations 

identification of missing or unneeded linkages, and act as an alternative 
evaluation  method  for  determining  which  variables  in  the  model  are 
most influential; conditional probabilities can also be learned from al-
gorithms,  such  as  the  Lauritzen  –  Spiegelhalter  algorithm  or  Gibbs 
sampling  (Chen  and  Pollino,  2012).  Finally,  the  inclusion  of  decision 
nodes can limit the tools and algorithms available for use in the GeNIe 
software  program.  The  inclusion  of  decision  nodes  results  in  the  BN 
being classified as an “influence diagram,” and some tools, such as the 
“sensitivity  analysis”  tool,  are  unavailable  for  use  with  influence  dia-
grams within the software. The decision nodes would either need to be 
removed or converted to chance nodes prior to running these tools in 
GeNIe.

expansion  on  frost  table  depth  developed  by  Wilcox  et  al.  (2019). 
Table 1 compares the input and output parameters of select permafrost 
models.

Permafrost models commonly include the following input parame-
ters (Table 1): air temperature, precipitation (particularly snow cover 
and/or  depth),  soil  temperature,  and  soil moisture.  Vegetation  cover, 
topography,  and  soil  texture  are  less  common,  albeit  important  addi-
tions. A difficulty in assessing permafrost model performance and rep-
resentation is that most model simulations are conducted in Alaska (e.g., 
Debolskiy et al. (2020), Jafarov et al. (2012), Nicolsky and Romanovsky 
(2018), Pastick et al. (2015), and Wang et al. (2020)), as that is where 
there are the most and highest quality observations that allow for model 
calibration (Biskaborn et al., 2015). By limiting the spatial domain for 
model development and/or testing, it is possible that models may not be 
applicable to other regions, such as Canada or Siberia. While improving 
existing  models  and  modeling  approaches  is  important  work,  it  is

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based on the given context.