Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical analysis 

2.4.1. Random forest classification

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10268512

These datasets were used to further validate the classification per-
formance of the models over the considered time period. For both years, 
a  total  of  155  points  were  randomly  distributed  within  the  lagoon. 
Through  photointerpretation  analysis,  an  ID  corresponding  to  the 
presence/absence of seagrass meadows was assigned to each point. In 
addition,  another  validation  dataset  of  155  field  training  points  was 
available  for  the  year  2019  representing  a  subsample  of  the  data 
collected in 2010 (unpublished data), were species occurrence was also 
recorded (Fig. 1). 

2.3. Satellite data and image preprocessing

characteristics led to a remarkable improve in classification accuracy, 
when  considering  mixed  habitats  (Pafumi  et  al.,  2023;  Pham  et  al., 
2019a;  Veettil  et  al.,  2020)  and/or using  satellite images  with coarse 
spatial resolution (Ha et al., 2020). However, the application of machine 
learning in coastal waters is still in its infancy (Ha et al., 2020). Suc-
cessful  mapping  of  seagrass  species  distribution  and  dynamics  were 
already performed by using high spatial resolution data, at the expense 
of a limited time span. For example, Traganos and Reinartz (2018b) and 
Ariasari et al. (2019) achieved classification overall accuracies of 94% 
and 83% respectively, using Planet’s RapidEye and PlanetScope satel-
lites.  Furthermore,  Roelfsema  et  al.  (2014)  mapped  seagrass  species 
combining  high  spatial  resolution  sensors  (Maxar’s  WorldView-2,  X 
IKONOS, and X Quickbird-2) and object-based classification approach,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. The text mentions the use of random forest classification and machine learning techniques but does not specify whether a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), or Transformer model is employed. Therefore, based on the available information, it cannot be determined what type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline.