Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To summarize, we have a total of 60 experimental

conﬁgurations, which vary on the following parameters:

1. Choice of deep learning architecture:

AlexNet,
GoogLeNet.

2. Choice of training mechanism:

Transfer Learning,
Training from Scratch.

3. Choice of dataset type:

Color,
Gray scale,
Leaf Segmented.

4. Choice of training-testing set distribution:

Train: 80%, Test: 20%,
Train: 60%, Test: 40%,
Train: 50%, Test: 50%,
Train: 40%, Test: 60%,
Train: 20%, Test: 80%.

this paper, we have used the notation of

Throughout
Architecture:TrainingMechanism:DatasetType:Train-Test-
Set-Distribution to refer
experiments. For
to particular
instance,
to refer to the experiment using the GoogLeNet
learning
architecture, which was
on the gray-scaled PlantVillage dataset on a train—test
set distribution of
the notation
GoogLeNet:TransferLearning:GrayScale:60–40.

trained using transfer

60–40, we will use

Measurement of Performance
To get a sense of how our approaches will perform on new unseen
data, and also to keep a track of if any of our approaches are
overﬁtting, we run all our experiments across a whole range
of train-test set splits, namely 80–20 (80% of the whole dataset
used for training, and 20% for testing), 60–40 (60% of the whole
dataset used for training, and 40% for testing), 50–50 (50% of

the whole dataset used for training, and 50% for testing), 40–60
(40% of the whole dataset used for training, and 60% for testing)
and ﬁnally 20–80 (20% of the whole dataset used for training,
and 80% for testing). It must be noted that in many cases, the
PlantVillage dataset has multiple images of the same leaf (taken
from diﬀerent orientations), and we have the mappings of such
cases for 41,112 images out of the 54,306 images; and during all

Frontiers in Plant Science | www.frontiersin.org

3

September 2016 | Volume 7 | Article 1419

Mohanty et al.

However, there are a number of limitations at the current stage
that need to be addressed in future work. First, when tested on a
set of images taken under conditions diﬀerent from the images
used for training, the model’s accuracy is reduced substantially,
to just above 31%. It’s important to note that this accuracy is
much higher than the one based on random selection of 38 classes
(2.6%), but nevertheless, a more diverse set of training data is
needed to improve the accuracy. Our current results indicate
that more (and more variable) data alone will be suﬃcient
to substantially increase the accuracy, and corresponding data
collection eﬀorts are underway.

Frontiers in Plant Science | www.frontiersin.org

8

September 2016 | Volume 7 | Article 1419

Mohanty et al.

Deep Learning for Plant Diseases

trained using transfer

60–40, we will use

Each of these 60 experiments runs for a total of 30 epochs,
where one epoch is deﬁned as the number of training iterations
in which the particular neural network has completed a full pass
of the whole training set. The choice of 30 epochs was made based
on the empirical observation that in all of these experiments, the
learning always converged well within 30 epochs (as is evident
from the aggregated plots (Figure 3) across all the experiments).
To enable a fair comparison between the results of all the
experimental conﬁgurations, we also tried to standardize the
hyper-parameters across all the experiments, and we used the
following hyper-parameters in all of the experiments:
• Solver type: Stochastic Gradient Descent,
• Base learning rate: 0.005,

• Learning rate policy: Step (decreases by a factor of 10 every

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors took several measures to ensure the generalizability of their deep learning models. They ran each of their 60 experiments for a total of 30 epochs, where one epoch is defined as the number of training iterations in which the particular neural network has completed a full pass of the whole training set. This ensured that the learning always converged well within 30 epochs. To enable a fair comparison between the results of all the experimental configurations, they also tried to standardize the hyper-parameters across all the experiments.

Additionally, to get a sense of how their approaches would perform on new unseen data and to keep track of whether any of their approaches were overfitting, they ran all their experiments across a whole range of train-test set splits. These included 80-20, 60-40, 50-50, 40-60, and finally 20-80 split ratios. This allowed them to test the performance of their models on different proportions of training and testing data. Furthermore, they had the mappings of multiple images of the same leaf taken from different orientations for 41,112 images out of the 54,306 images. However, it should be noted that when tested on a set of images taken under conditions different from the images used for training, the model's accuracy was reduced substantially, to just above 31%. Therefore, a more diverse set of training data is needed to improve the accuracy.