Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data 

The data used here was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Chal-
lenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhanced prediction of vegetation responses to extreme drought using deep 
learning and Earth observation data 

Klaus-Rudolf Kladny a,c, Marco Milanta a, Oto Mraz a, Koen Hufkens b, d, e, f, Benjamin 
D. Stocker b, d, e, f,* 
a Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
b Department of Environmental Systems Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
c Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Tübingen 72076, Germany 
d Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research WSL, Birmensdorf 8903, Switzerland 
e Institute of Geography, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland 
f Oeschger Centre for Climate Change Resarch, Bern 3012, Switzerland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought impact forecasting 
Sentinel-2 
EarthNet2021 
ConvLSTM 
NDVI

In this work, we resorted to purely deterministic variants of these 

architectures.  The  models  were  implemented  using  the  deep  learning 
framework PyTorch Lightning (Falcon, 2019) which is built on top of 
PyTorch  (Paszke  et  al.,  2019)  and  enables  improved  scalability.  The 
hyperparameters were tuned using an Optuna-based (Akiba et al., 2019) 
hyperparameter optimization procedure.

Deep  learning  methods  have  had  great  success  for  highly  related 
domains  such  as  agriculture  (Kamilaris  and  Prenafeta-Boldú,  2018). 
Also, work on LSTMs and other predictive models for vegetation health 
and  land  surface  dynamics  forecasting  for  datasets  other  than  Earth-
Net2021  exist  (Koehler  and  Kuenzer,  2020;  Lees  et  al.,  2022).  Ap-
proaches to the EarthNet2021 challenge specifically use existing video 
prediction  solutions  (Requena-Mesa  et  al.,  2021).  The  Channel-U-Net 
model  uses  an  architecture  roughly  based  on  U-Net  (Ronneberger 
et al., 2015), where all input data is stacked along the channel dimension 
and does not model the temporal dependencies explicitly. The second 
model,  Arcon,  is  an  adaptation  of  the  Stochastic  Adversarial  Video 
Prediction  model  (Lee  et  al.,  2018)  which  does  model  temporal  de-
pendencies, but it was designed primarily for a highly stochastic setting

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. It only mentions that the models were implemented using the deep learning framework PyTorch Lightning, which is built on top of PyTorch. However, there is no mention of any cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform being used for deployment. Therefore, without additional context, it is impossible to determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model.