Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

of districts within the NUTS3 units. 

In summary, it should be emphasized that both the environmental 
data, i.e. the information related to population and geographic condi-
tions, and the air pollution data, are of the Big Data type. Its volume is in 
the order of terabytes in size. 

5. Data processing results and analysis 

5.1. The course of COVID-19 cases

3. Materials and methods 

This section presents the tools and statistical models used to analyse 
the dependencies in this article. The first tool that was helpful in pre- 
processing  the  data  was  standardization  (Williamson  and  Piattoeva, 
2019). This is a kind of normalization that allows changing the scope of 
individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical 
range. It should be emphasized here that this transformation preserves 
the distance relations between individual data. Thus, suppose one have a 
set of records xj ∈ ℝn, j = 1, …, m where n is the number of features. For 
each element j = 1, …, m, the variables are transformed as follows: 

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1012844P.A. Kowalski et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

6. Discussion

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

,

(1)  

coefficients can be presented in the following form: 

eq = Y = XW *.

new is the value of the variable xj, i after standardization with the 
where: xj, i
given  data,  mi  is  the  arithmetic  mean  of  the  i  feature  and  stdi  is  the 
standard deviation of this feature. It is worth emphasizing here that the 
standardization of data is independent for each of the considered fea-
tures i = 1, …, n. The data standardization procedure is carried out in 
most  tasks  that  use  tools  from  the  domain  of  statistical  analysis  and 
machine learning. Standardization is not recommended for data that we 
know are not normally distributed. The factors analysed in this study 
were  normalized  according  to  the  formula  (1),  therefore,  they  had 
values in a similar range and could be compared with each other.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of standardization as a technique for preprocessing the data. Standardization is a method of normalization that changes the scale of individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical range while preserving the distance relationships between individual data points. This process is carried out independently for each of the considered features. Standardization is commonly used in most tasks involving statistical analysis and machine learning but is not recommended for data known to be non-normally distributed. In this study, the factors analyzed were normalized using the formula (1), allowing them to have values in a similar range and enabling comparison with each other. While standardization addresses scaling issues, it may not directly tackle data bias or imbalance problems. Other techniques such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection mentioned in the query can help mitigate these challenges. Stratified splitting ensures that different subsets of the dataset maintain the same proportions of target classes as the original dataset. Oversampling involves increasing the frequency of minority class examples by duplicating existing instances, whereas undersampling reduces the majority class samples. Lastly, collecting diverse data helps ensure that the model generalizes well across various scenarios and populations.