Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

2.6. Statistical analyses

recorded (c. 6000 recording hours). Kaleidoscope Pro ability to detect 
the Band-tailed Nighthawk in a different area may be slightly different 
owing  to  geographical  song  variations  since  the  signal  parameters 
introduced  in  our  study  were  extracted  from  recordings  collected  at 
different sites of the state of Mato Grosso and based on a reduced sample 
size (eight recordings). The creation of more advanced classifiers using 
machine learning or convolutional neural networks might be useful in 
future  studies  aiming  to  reduce  the  number  of  sounds  misclassified 
(LeBien et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline for the given task. However, it is common practice in deep learning to use techniques such as dropout and L2 regularization to mitigate overfitting. Dropout involves randomly setting a fraction of input units to 0 during training time, which helps prevent complex co-adaptations between neurons. On the other hand, L2 regularization adds a penalty term to the loss function, encouraging smaller weights and thus simpler models. Other popular regularization methods include early stopping, data augmentation, and batch normalization. It is important to note that the choice of regularization method depends on various factors, including the nature of the problem, dataset size, model complexity, and computational resources available.