Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data annotation. For convenient and fast annotation of images, we 
proposed  using  a  pre-trained  object  detection  model  to  label  images 
preliminarily. YOLO v7 (you only look once) (Wang et al., 2023) is a 
state-of-the-art detection method that is widely used both in real-time 
object detection. We utilize a YOLO v7 pretrained on bird camera tap-
ping datasets to predict the frames, analyzing the structure and identi-
fying the positions of the potential birds (Fig. 1). 

Then, we further processed the data annotations via LabelImg. This 
tool facilitated adjustments to the boundaries and classes of bird species 
based  on  the  labels  detected  by  YOLO  v7.  We  manually  deleted  the 
incorrect identification and adjusted the detection coordinates during

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Object detection 
Bird detection 
Deep learning 
Camera trap

5. Conclusion 

In this study, we proposed a dataset comprising 9717 images of 15 
wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China’s Northeast Tiger 
and Leopard National Park. Based on this dataset, we employed 8 deep 
learning algorithms for bird object detection and evaluated their per-
formance.  Our  results  indicate  that  deep  learning-based  approaches 
have the potential to detect wild birds in camera traps efficiently. By 
applying  these  approaches,  manual  processing  costs  can  be  reduced, 
enabling  more  efficient  monitoring  of  wildlife  populations  over  wide 
areas and over time. Our findings can help conservation practitioners 
choose  appropriate  models  for  their  detection  tasks,  as  well  as  offer 
insight  on  the  use  of  deep  learning-based  technologies  to  improve 
wildlife monitoring and environmental protection.

Sutherland, C., Matthews, N., Mudde, J., Nuseibeh, A., 2023. Removing human 
bottlenecks in bird classification using camera trap images and deep learning. 
Remote Sens. 15, 2638. 

Chen, K., Wang, J., Pang, J., Cao, Y., Xiong, Y., Li, X., Sun, S., Feng, W., Liu, Z., Xu, J., 
2019. MMDetection: open mmlab detection toolbox and benchmark arXiv preprint 
arXiv:1906.07155.  

Clarfeld, L.A., Sir´en, A.P., Mulhall, B.M., Wilson, T.L., Bernier, E., Farrell, J., Lunde, G., 
Hardy, N., Gieder, K.D., Abrams, R., 2023. Evaluating a tandem human-machine 
approach to labelling of wildlife in remote camera monitoring. Eco. Inform. 77, 
102257. 

Cove, M.V., Kays, R., Bontrager, H., Bresnan, C., Lasky, M., Frerichs, T., Klann, R., 

Lee Jr., T.E., Crockett, S.C., Crupi, A.P., 2021. SNAPSHOT USA 2019: a coordinated 
national camera trap survey of the United States. Ecology 102, e03353. 
Cunha, F., dos Santos, E.M., Colonna, J.G., 2023. Bag of tricks for long-tail visual

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors utilized two main data annotation techniques in their deep learning pipeline. The first technique involved using a pre-trained object detection model, specifically YOLO v7, to perform initial image labeling. This state-of-the-art detection method was trained on bird camera tapping datasets to predict the frames, analyze the structure, and identify the positions of potential birds within the images.

Following the initial labeling with YOLO v7, the second technique applied was further processing of the data annotations using LabelImg. This tool allowed for adjustments to the boundaries and classes of bird species based on the labels detected by YOLO v7. During this stage, incorrect identifications were manually removed, and detection coordinates were fine-tuned to ensure accurate annotations.

These two techniques combined enabled the creation of a comprehensive dataset containing 9717 images of 15 wild bird species captured by camera traps in China's Northeast Tiger and Leopard National Park. This dataset served as the foundation for evaluating eight deep learning algorithms for bird object detection and assessing their performance.