Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The manual effort in training data creation was reduced to template 
creation and validation of template-based detections in a graphical user 
interface (Fig. 3). This addresses an important need for more accessible 
training  data  from  study  sites  to  leverage  deep  learning  for  acoustic 
monitoring.  Our  evaluation  demonstrates  that  strong  classification 
performance  can  be  achieved  using  data  collected  from  the  study  re-
gion,  without  relying  on  crowd-sourced  public  datasets.  The  pipeline 
thus  increases  the  potential  for  region-optimized  acoustic  monitoring 
systems.  Furthermore,  the  training  data  collection  pipeline  could  ac-
celerate the collection of data for rare species. 

Our  training  scheme  allowed  for  multi-label  learning  from  single- 
label  training  data  by  defining  a  custom  training  loss  and  including

2.3.  Model training 

2.3.1.  Training data preprocessing 

The  CNN  model  used  in  this  study  requires  equally  sized  input 
images. We chose a time-frequency input window size of 2 s as it is near 
the mean and median template duration across target call types (Fig. 2). 
Most  call  types  have  a  duration  below  1  s,  and  for  those  above  2  s,

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101113

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A pipeline for identification of bird and frog species in tropical soundscape 
recordings using a convolutional neural network 
Jack LeBiena,⁎
Juan Lavista Ferresb, T. Mitchell Aidea,d 
a Sieve Analytics, San Juan, PR 00911, USA 
b AI for Good Research Lab, Microsoft, USA 
c Department of Physics, University of Puerto Rico, San Juan, PR 00931, USA 
d Department of Biology, University of Puerto Rico, San Juan, PR 00931, USA  

, Ming Zhongb, Marconi Campos-Cerqueiraa, Julian P. Velevc, Rahul Dodhiab,  

T

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Acoustic monitoring 
Bioacoustics 
Sound classification 
Convolutional neural network 
Deep learning

To  expand  this  approach  to  the  broader  community,  we  have 
identified three important challenges for future research. First, future 
developments  should  account  for  the  large  variability  in  the  size  of 
target  calls  (i.e.  templates).  Introducing  recurrent  connections  in  the 
CNN, or other architecture modifications could potentially reduce the 
negative  effects  of  window  size.  Second,  previous  studies  have  found 
data  augmentation  to  significantly  improve  performance  (Kahl  et  al., 
2019).  In  these  cases,  training  data  was  mainly  based  on  monodirec-
tional  recordings  of  single  species,  and  data  augmentation  (i.e.  noise 
addition)  apparently  helped  to  emulate  the  conditions  of  soundscape 
recordings.  The  effect  may  be  reduced  for  training  data  collected  di-
rectly from soundscapes, as in this study. Still, data augmentation may

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to provide the exact code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. However, considering the authors and their affiliations mentioned in the paper, one might look into their personal websites or professional profiles for any shared resources related to this work. For instance, Jack LeBien, who seems to be the lead author, might have some relevant links on his website or LinkedIn profile. Similarly, checking out the 'AI for Good Research Lab' page on Microsoft's official website or searching for projects by Juan Lavista Ferres might also yield useful results. Lastly, exploring the publications and projects of the respective departments at the University of Puerto Rico could help uncover additional details about this research.