Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this phase the network is trained with the mean scaled absolute 
error as regression loss, using a batch size of 1, an input image resolution 
(cid:0) 5. Moreover, we utilize 
of 1536 × 768 pixels, and a learning rate of 10
only horizontal flipping for data augmentation in this phase. 

2.5. Baseline comparison 

To also have a comparison of our method with a simpler approach, 
we compare our results with the ones from a ResNet50 that was pre- 
trained  on  the  ImageNet  classification  dataset  (Russakovsky  et  al., 
2015) with added FPN, later also referred to at ImageNet baseline model. 
As the ImageNet dataset is a normal classification dataset that does not 
contain the plant species from our dataset, this network cannot be uti-
lized  for  zero-shot  cover  prediction.  Hence,  we  only  evaluate  this 
network after training it on our dedicated plant cover data.

To  train  the  network,  we  follow  the  base  method  proposed  in 
K¨orschens et al. (2021b). This approach, which we will refer to as seg-
mentation  pre-training,  is  motivated  by  four  aspects.  First,  there  is 
usually only little training data available for plant cover estimation data, 
as  annotating  such  images  is  highly  laborious.  CNNs  usually  require 
large amounts of training data to perform well. Therefore, it would be 
advantageous to be able to utilize additional external training data to 
improve  the  training  results.  Second,  transfer  learning,  the  task  of 
training the network on larger datasets first, followed by fine-tuning the 
network on the target task, has been shown to improve the performance 
of  CNNs  drastically  (Kornblith  et  al.,  2019).  Third,  in  previous  in-
vestigations (K¨orschens et al., 2021a) also found that performing pre- 
training  on  domain-related  image  data  (e.g.,  images  containing  the

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Plant biodiversity 
Plant cover 
Deep learning 
Convolutional neural networks 
Semantic segmentation 
Artificial intelligence

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102516. 

References 

Altalak, M., Ammad uddin, M., Alajmi, A., Rizg, A., 2022. Smart agriculture applications 

using deep learning technologies: A survey. Appl. Sci. 12 (12), 5919. 

Bambil, D., Pistori, H., Bao, F., Weber, V., Alves, F.M., Gonçalves, E.G., de Alencar 
Figueiredo, L.F., Abreu, U.G., Arruda, R., Bortolotto, I.M., 2020. Plant species 
identification using color learning resources, shape, texture, through machine 
learning and artificial neural networks. Environ. Syst. Decis. 40 (4), 480–484. 
Bauer, T., Strauss, P., 2014. A rule-based image analysis approach for calculating 

residues and vegetation cover under field conditions. Catena 113, 363–369. 

Blaschke, T., 2010. Object based image analysis for remote sensing. ISPRS J. 

Photogramm. Remote Sens. 65 (1), 2–16.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, common regularization techniques include dropout, L1 or L2 regularization, early stopping, and data augmentation. Dropout randomly sets a fraction of input units to 0 during training time, helping to avoid overfitting. L1 and L2 regularization add penalties to the loss function, encouraging smaller weights and preventing any single weight from dominating the output. Early stopping ends the training process before convergence when validation error starts increasing, while data augmentation generates new training samples by applying random transformations to existing data.