Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Thorson, J.T., Haltuch, M.A., 2018. Spatio-temporal analysis of compositional data: in-
creased precision and improved workﬂow using model-based inputs to stock assess-
ment. Can. J. Fish. Aquat. Sci (In press).

Turner, B.M., Van Zandt, T., 2012. A tutorial on approximate Bayesian computation. J.

Math. Psychol. 56, 69–85.

Viterbi, A., 1967. Error bounds for convolutional codes and an asymptotically optimum

decoding algorithm. IEEE Trans. Inf. Theory 13, 260–269.

Murphy, K.P., 2012. Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective. The MIT Press,

Wang, G.M., 2009. Signal extraction from long-term ecological data using Bayesian and

Cambridge, MA, USA.

Nathan, R., 2008. An emerging movement ecology paradigm. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S.

A. 105, 19050–19051.

Nathan, R., Getz, W.M., Revilla, E., Holyoak, M., Kadmon, R., Saltz, D., Smouse, P.E.,

2008. A movement ecology paradigm for unifying organismal movement research.
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 105, 19052–19059.

73

G. Wang

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

lack or shortage of behavioral observations limits the applications of
supervised learning in behavioral studies. Unsupervised learning is an
appropriate tool for explanatory studies of novel behaviors or beha-
vioral
secretive species or hardly observable species
(Brewster et al., 2018).

neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests,
and support vector machines, and demonstrated their applications in
the supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data.
Brewster et al. (2018) applied six other supervised classiﬁers to classify
the behaviors of lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) at Bimini, Ba-
hamas using ACC data. This study will brieﬂy describe two popular
machine learning algorithms random forests and support vector ma-
chines for the introductory purpose.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific method used for collecting raw data in a deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that one possible source of raw data could be Acceleration Data Collection (ACC), which was mentioned in relation to studying animal behavior. Additionally, the context mentions neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests, and support vector machines as machine learning algorithms used for supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data. It also briefly describes random forests and support vector machines. Therefore, while the exact methods for collecting raw data are not specified, it can be assumed that ACC may be one such method.