Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

factors: network architecture, protocol type of image acquisition
(Martineau et al., 2017), and robustness of input matrix (number
of entities and replicates). Our choice to use a ResNet-50 network
architecture, in combination with transfer learning, data augmen-
tation, and dropout proved appropriate for the current number of
taxa in our demonstration dataset. ResNet-50 network architecture
represents a midsize solution in the ResNet palette (18, 34, 50, 101,
152 layers) that combines both representation power and lower
complexity that allows relatively fast training of the models. How-
ever, the protocol for image acquisition inﬂuences the complexity
of features, which will be processed by CNNs. Controlled object
position during the collection of images can also govern the level
of feature variability. Our dataset was constructed under the lab-
based protocol of image acquisition with fully controlled position
of the larvae (ventral point of view). This was not the case in pre-

ImageNet) (Russakovsky et al., 2015). Since 2012, there has been
signiﬁcant improvement in deep learning CNN architectures that
have led to better classiﬁcation results in the ImageNet challenge.
Here lies an opportunity to use a similar structure and approach
for targeted application in biomonitoring studies that could incor-
porate high-resolution information from the Chironomidae in
inferences of ecosystem integrity.

A deep learning process with CNNs successfully classiﬁed mor-
phologically very similar chironomid specimens with high accu-
racy to species level. While this is a pioneering demonstration of
the use of this technique, the potential for automatic identiﬁcation
of chironomids and other difﬁcult to identify taxa in bioassessment
is high. Machine learning extracted a similar suite of features to
those used in conventional identiﬁcation keys. The data acquisition
protocol and deep learning architecture of this study offers a
unique design which can be applied to chironomid identiﬁcation
as well as other macroinvertebrate groups. Such an approach will
consequently increase the efﬁciency of routine monitoring pro-
grams. Since non-biting midges are a group that is characterized
with a large diversity of morphological characters, future research
should focus on increasing the number of entities (species) in the
model as well as testing the accuracy along a geographical scale.

2014), which is suggested for relatively small datasets such as ours
(Ng et al., 2015; Peng et al., 2018). The CNN model (Fig. 2) is trained
using a two-stage process. In the ﬁrst stage only a top classiﬁer
(fully connected layer) is trained based on features extracted from
processing images with a pretrained convolutional part of the net-
work. In the second stage, an adjustment of the network in a ﬁne-
tuned manner (using smaller learning rates) is done by training it
as a whole. A two phase approach was used to speed up the process
by preserving pretrained encoder weights in the ﬁrst phase of the
training and achieve optimal model performance using the second
phase. We also applied data augmentation by randomly deforming
input images in each training cycle due to the small sample size.
Additionally, dropout techniques (Hinton et al., 2012) were applied
to extracted features to enhance model robustness.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any direct reference or link to a specific data repository where the deep learning pipeline is stored. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the text. It would require additional resources or information beyond what is currently available.