Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

12.282, and 13.897 for the validation (Fig. 5a-f). Table 3 lists the mean 
and standard deviation values of the NSE and RMSE driven by the 10- 
fold  cross-validation  of  the  deep  learning  models.  The  CNN  model 
with  the  autoencoder  showed  better  estimation  performance  for  TDI, 
BMI, and FAI than the CNN model estimation without the autoencoder

To  determine  the  optimal  data-driven  model,  the  conventional 
model performances were compared with the estimation performances 
of the CNN and the CNN with the autoencoder. The ANN model uses 
hidden nodes in hidden layers with learnable weights to extract input 
data. The principles of feature extraction and model training are similar 
to those of the autoencoder and CNN models. Six hidden layers were 
designed  with  128,  128,  256,  256,  512,  and  512  nodes.  The  output 
layers with three nodes estimated the three indices. The loss function 
and optimizer were set as the mean squared error and Adam optimizer, 
respectively, at a learning rate of 0.001. The SVM regression model was 
designed to estimate TDI, BMI, and FAI. The kernel function, C-param-
eter, and gamma of the SVM were set to radial basis functions of 100 and 
0.1, respectively. The SVM was unable to estimate the indices simulta-
neously. The RF uses an ensemble regressor by applying multiple deci-

learning of nonlinear data manifold. Neurocomputing 160, 250–260. 

Jo, M.H., Sim, J.S., Lee, J.A., Jang, S.H., 2015. Health assessment of the Nakdong river 
basin aquatic ecosystems utilizing GIS and spatial statistics. J. Korean Assoc. 
Geograph. Inform. Stud. 18 (2), 174–189. 

Ju, Y., Guo, J., Liu, S., 2015, September. A deep learning method combined sparse 
autoencoder with SVM. In: 2015 International Conference on Cyber-enabled 
Distributed Computing and Knowledge Discovery. IEEE, pp. 257–260. 

Kang, H., Jeon, D.J., Kim, S., Jung, K., 2022. Estimation of fish assessment index based 

on ensemble artificial neural network for aquatic ecosystem in South Korea. Ecol. 
Indic. 136, 108708. 

Khan, A., Sohail, A., Zahoora, U., Qureshi, A.S., 2020. A survey of the recent 

architectures of deep convolutional neural networks. Artif. Intell. Rev. 53, 
5455–5516. 

Khosravi, K., Golkarian, A., Tiefenbacher, J.P., 2022. Using optimized deep learning to

Looking beyond these data to improve the extensibility of investigations 
on the health of aquatic ecosystems is necessary (Upadhyay and Khan-
delwal,  2019;  Yuan  et  al.,  2017).  Deep  learning  techniques  have  the 
potential to be used to investigate parts of ecosystems. In this study, the 
TDI, BMI, and FAI were calculated using ecological monitoring data, and 
the status of the aquatic ecosystem was determined. Quantitative and 
qualitative  indices  may  constrain  further  applications,  such  as  grade 
prediction of aquatic ecosystem health. However, we demonstrated that 
the CNN model ensemble with an autoencoder is a potential candidate 
for  estimating  aquatic  ecosystem  health  indices  compared  with  the 
original CNN and conventional machine learning models (Table 3). In 
other  words,  deep  learning  methods  can  be  applied  to  water  quality, 
hydraulic, and hydrological data to reflect the quantitative and quali-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. It discusses the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with and without an autoencoder for estimating various indices related to aquatic ecosystem health. The paper also compares the performance of these models with other conventional machine learning models like Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) and Support Vector Machines (SVM). However, it does not mention any details regarding the platform or method used for deploying the trained models. Therefore, based on the given context, it is not possible to provide a helpful answer to the query.