Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Burned 

Nonburned 

Total 

131 
38 
169 
77.5% 

69 
1962 
2031 
96.6%    

200 
2000 
2200   

65.5%  
98.1%  

Burned 
Nonburned 
Total 
Producer’s 
accuracy 

Total accuracy     

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

95.1%  

Vera  L.S.  Arruda:  Conceptualization,  Methodology,  Software, 
Validation, Writing - original draft, Writing - review & editing. Valderli 
J.  Piontekowski:  Conceptualization,  Methodology,  Software,  Data 
curation, Visualization, Investigation. Ane Alencar: Conceptualization, 
Methodology,  Validation,  Writing - original  draft, Writing  - review & 

RemoteSensingApplications:SocietyandEnvironment22(2021)1004729V.L.S. Arruda et al.

More recently, there has been a great effort to automate the process 
of classification/mapping of specific targets using Deep Learning (Lecun 
et al., 2015) algorithms, such as the Deep Neural Network (DNN), which 
includes  a  learning  algorithm  based  on  an  artificial  neural  network 
(Langford et al., 2019). In this study, we developed a semi-automatic 
methodological approach for mapping burned areas in the entire Cer-
rado  biome  in  Brazil  using  Deep  Learning  techniques  available  on 
Google Cloud computing and Landsat 8 imagery, which consist of eleven 
spectral bands with a spatial resolution of 30 meters for bands 1-7 and 9, 
15 meters for band 8, and 100 meters for bands 10 and 11. We did not 
use  Landsat-7  imagery  because  of  the  data  gaps  observed  images  ac-
quired after 2003, which would substantially affect the spatial coverage 
of  our  analysis.  We  assessed  accuracies  and  compared  our  mapping 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study region

sets; 70% of the samples were used for training and 30% for testing, to 
estimate the ability of the DNN algorithm to map burned areas in the 
study  area.  In  this  step,  an  accuracy  is  generated  for  each  algorithm 
applied, however, it is biased because it uses the same sample sets to test 
the model. So, an additional accuracy assessment using those validation 
points was conducted in our analysis.

Since  deep  learning  methods  require  a  powerful  computational 
processing, we conducted our analysis using graphics processing units 
(GPUs)  and  specialized  hardware  components  for  running  parallel 
arithmetic operations (Goodfellow et al., 2016). The access to GPUs in a 
virtual  machine  environment  was  implemented  on  the  Google  Cloud 
suite  of  cloud 
Platform 

(https://console.cloud.google.com),  a 

3.1. Optimal period of burn scar mapping 

The fire hotspot data analysis provided by INPE (http://www.inpe. 
br/queimadas/bdqueimadas)  indicates  that  most  of  the  fire  events  in 
the  Cerrado  biome  occurred  between  May  and  December,  showing  a 
peak in September 2017 (Fig. 4). Based on it, we focused our mapping 
analysis of burn scars on the period between May and December, which 
comprised 98% of fire hotspots detected in 2017 by INPE. 

3.2. Burned areas in 2017

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, a diverse dataset was used, consisting of Landsat 8 imagery with eleven spectral bands and varying spatial resolutions. This diversity helped capture different aspects of the burned areas, improving the model's performance across various scenarios. Secondly, the dataset was split into two subsets: one for training (70%) and another for testing (30%). This allowed for estimating the ability of the DNN algorithm to accurately map burned areas in the study area. Lastly, an additional accuracy assessment using validation points was conducted to further evaluate the model's performance. These steps collectively contributed to enhancing the robustness and applicability of the deep learning model.