Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

Learning models applied. In Section 3 results from CA, TSA and Machine
Learning models’ prediction are displayed and these results are dis-
cussed in Section 4.

2.6. Machine learning models

The performance of BTS-ANFIS was significantly higher for all
evaluation measurements (Table 4) than the one developed using the
complete dataset (13 MS), attributed to model overtraining when thefull
dataset was used for training. The CA and TSAWQI are efficient tech-
niques to identify tendencies in historical data and select
those
providing greater variability for predictive model training. This research
has demonstrated that using reduced amounts of data (composed of the
most representative scenarios) for training an ANFIS model significantly
improved prediction performance. Additionally, the data reduction did
not greatly affect ANN and SVM models as only a slight decrease in
evaluation measurements was observed when BTS was used, even
though this subset contained <50% of the full dataset (n = 409 vs n =
894). This finding is remarkable since the general approach in machine
learning is that the bigger the dataset used for training, the greater the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves using Cluster Analysis (CA) and Time Series Analysis with Water Quality Index (TSAWQI) techniques. These methods help identify trends in historical data and select those providing greater variability for predictive model training. Specifically, the use of reduced amounts of data composed of the most representative scenarios improved the prediction performance of the Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) model. Furthermore, the data reduction did not significantly impact Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and Support Vector Machine (SVM) models, as only a slight decrease in evaluation measurements was observed when BTS was used, despite containing less than 50% of the full dataset. Therefore, it can be concluded that the strategy employed to monitor the model performance during training involved selecting the most relevant data subsets for training, which led to improved prediction accuracy without requiring extensive datasets.