Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

multi-resolution  decision  approach  is  usually  effective  in  these  cases 
(Magliozzi  et  al.,  2019).  Another  aspect  of  our  approach  is  that  the 
statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant, 
and the analysis resolution is suited to the study area. Thus, the user 
should provide statistically significant data and use the most appropriate 
spatial resolution for the analysis. These considerations relate to general 
issues  with FAIR  data and  big data processing: easy access  to a  large 
amount of data comes at the expense of a low guarantee of data quality 
and completeness. The precision of our workflow's output depends on (i) 
the  completeness  of  the  input  vessel  data,  (ii)  the  update  rate  of  the 
GRSF, (iii) the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, 
and (iv) the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. 
However, our first and second case studies have demonstrated that our

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

At the time of writing, global-scale GFW data were downloadable for 
scientific purposes for the 2012–2016 period only. GFW distributes 
◦
vessel  data  aggregated  at  0.01
resolutions  with  fishing 
activity cells already classified through a machine learning model.

◦

2.5. Benchmark data 

As a first benchmark dataset, an area in the Northwest Atlantic off 
the coasts of Canada and North U.S.A. was used (Fig. 2), because of its 
abundance of associated species and stock data. This 481,958.228 km2 
area  is  monitored  by  the  Northwest  Atlantic  Fisheries  Organization 
(NAFO) and is under the national jurisdiction of U.S.A. and Canada. In 
this  area,  vessel  tracking  data  were  collected  from  two  main  public 
sources:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention any specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, it does discuss aspects related to the precision and completeness of the data used in the analysis. It mentions that the statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant and that the precision of the workflow's output depends on factors such as the completeness of the input vessel data and the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. Additionally, it notes that the classification and spatio-temporal aggregation of data can help compensate for biases, especially when using large input datasets. While these points do not directly address the evaluation metrics for the deep learning model, they suggest that precision and completeness may be important considerations in assessing the overall effectiveness of the approach.