Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102658Availableonline5June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

amount  of  data,  distribution  data  for  machine  learning  models  and 
physiological data for process-based models. For both types of models, 
the  data  is  difficult  and  costly  to  collect.  This  poses  a  bottleneck  for 
building SDMs for practical use.

Our process of finding the best model roughly follows the Bayesian 
workflow described by Gelman et al. (Gelman et al., 2020). This is an 
iterative modeling process in which one systemically repeats the cycle of 
inspecting the outputs of a model, analyzing the effects of the model and 
its  configurations,  and  adjusting  the  configurations  or  switching  to 
another model type according to the observations. The cycle is repeated 
multiple times while recording the observations and results.

The  iterative  model  exploration  in  this  work  roughly  follows  the 
Bayesian workflow described by Gelman et al. (Gelman et al., 2020). The 
Bayesian and non-Bayesian model pairs are chosen so that one repre-
sents  a  less  flexible  model  in  terms  of  possible  shapes  of  its  decision 
boundary (Bayesian logistic regression and MLE logistic regression) and 
one  represents  a  more  flexible  model  (Bayesian  GAM  and  random 
forest).

4.2.1. Baseline model: random forest 

Random forest (Breiman, 2001) utilizes an ensemble of classification 
or regression trees; each tree is grown from a bootstrap sample of the 
training dataset, and represents a series of sequential decisions, in which 
each node of the tree is a binary split made on a predictive feature (e.g., 
whether  the  mean  annual  temperature  is  above  25 
C).  Further,  a 
random subset of features is considered when finding the optimal split at 
each node (we use a value of sqrt(n), n being the number of potential 
predictors, for the size of this subset). When used for classification, the 
outputs from the component trees are put through a majority vote to 
create a single output. This is known to be a simple but powerful method 
of retaining the complex non-linearity of decision trees while avoiding 
overfitting. 

◦

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that no specific type of deep learning model such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers is explicitly mentioned as part of the pipeline. Instead, the paper discusses using Random Forest, a type of ensemble learning algorithm, as well as Bayesian Logistic Regression and Maximum Likelihood Estimation (MLE) Logistic Regression, and Bayesian Generalized Additive Models (GAM). Therefore, based solely on the provided context, we cannot determine what type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline.