Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  global  average  pooling  is  used  in  the  squeeze  step  to  lower  the 
spatial  dimension  of  the  input  feature  maps,  which  results  in  a  com-
pressed  representation of those maps. Once again, during the  time of 
excitation, channel-wise dependencies are represented by modelling the 
interdependencies  among the  compressed feature maps  that were ob-
tained from the squeezing step. The term “excitation layer” refers to the 
two layers that are completely coupled to one another. The channel-wise 
attention  weights  are  produced  once  the  excitation  block  has  been 
processed. When everything is done, scaling and rescaling are accom-
plished by multiplying the attention weight by the initial feature maps. 
This reduces the weight of the channels that are not important while 
increasing the weight of the channels that are significant. As a result of 
this,  the  model’s  performance  can  be  improved  by  increasing  the

Table 8 
Average test of results for four different datasets with four epoch values. Average 
values for preprocessing, inference and NMS values is in millisecond. The last 
row is the average accuracy for different epochs.   

Computation time (milliseconds) 

Parameters 

Epoch-100 

Epoch-150 

Epoch-200 

Epoch-250 

Preprocessing 
Inference 
NMS 
Accuracy 

0.85 
140.68 
0.73 
92.6 

0.85 
141.38 
0.8 
94.25 

0.875 
145.83 
0.75 
94 

0.8 
147.95 
0.75 
92.9

In  order  to  determine  more  accurate  training  results  and  also  to 
explore the effect of epoch upon training result, apart from 150 epochs, 
the model with attention layer is trained with epoch values 100, 200, 
and  250  under  a  uniform  training  environment  and  with  the  same 
dataset.  The  training  summary  for  each  of  these  epochs  is  shown  in 
Tables 5, 6 and 7 for epochs 100, 200, and 250, respectively. The trends 
of mAP values with increasing epochs are shown in Figs. 14 and Fig. 15. 
The size of the dataset used for custom training is sufficiently large. 
Further, the DL model used in this work is tuned with optimized hyper 
parameters  for  which  overfitting  and  under  fitting  situations  are  pre-
vented from occurring. As mentioned above, the effort to over-train the 
model has been avoided and graded MSE convergence (Figs. 7 to 11) has 
been  adopted  to  fine-tune  the  model.  Results  obtained  for  different

In recent years, it has been observed that deep learning methods can 
be trained with close to zero training error efficiently. The number of 
convolutional and dense layers directly affects the runtime of the model 
(Bienstock et al., 2023). The running time of a DL model increases in 
polynomial-terms with the increased number of associated layers. But 
with the effort of achieving zero error, there are possibilities of over-
training and biased training. To avoid these situations, a restrictive and 
gradually increasing training cycle and accuracy calculation approach 
has  been  adopted.  Based  on  mean  square  error  (MSE),  the  optimal 
training state for the model has been obtained. 

4.1. Performance metrics used to evaluate the model

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit mention of specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, some relevant information regarding avoiding overfitting and underfitting situations, preventing over-training and biased training, and adopting a restrictive and gradually increasing training cycle and accuracy calculation approach based on mean square error (MSE) can be found. This suggests that the authors have taken measures to ensure the quality and fairness of their models, but they do not explicitly discuss the use of common techniques like stratified sampling, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection.