Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

shortened the inference time on RTX 3060 by 54%. This indicates that 
the algorithm is lightweight, achieves an accuracy comparable to state- 
of-the-art methods, and is more suitable for marine zoobenthos recog-
nition tasks.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024672L. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

animals, even with a small number of samples. 

2.1.2. Training data preparation

time  on  RTX  3060  was  reduced  by  0.7  ms,  indicating  that  the  light-
weight improvement method proposed in this study is effective.

computational  complexity,  which  can  reduce  the  consumption  of 
computing  resources  during  the  training  process.  In  the  experiments 
conducted  in  this  study,  under  the  same  training  environment  and 
epoch, the algorithm was trained on an RTX 3090 for 6 h. The video 
memory usage was 12 G. The training time of the original YOLOv5 al-
gorithm was 12 h. The video memory usage was 17.1 G. Fig. 10 visually 
compares the parameter quantities and detection efficiency between the 
two models. The significant reduction in model size and inference time 
indicates that the model in this study is more suitable for deployment in 
agricultural embedded devices.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is completed. However, it mentions that the algorithm was trained on an RTX 3090 for 6 hours under the same training environment and epoch. It also compares the training time of the original YOLOv5 algorithm, which took 12 hours. These details suggest that the duration or number of epochs might be one of the factors considered to decide when the training should stop. Nevertheless, without further context, we cannot definitively conclude what criteria were used to determine when training was complete.