Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Therefore, it is kept constant at 10% for every experiment of IFTL. 
This value of γ  (a hyper-parameter) is experimentally chosen and then 
kept  constant  at  10%  for  all  experiments  of  IFTL.  When  γ = 0,  then 
MFJF = PLjF, which represents the prediction done by TUR. If Eq. (19), 
results are in a negative value, then we discard it, and no update is done. 
NDm
is a set of those instances from the mixture set (Dm), that are the K- 
j 
nearest neighbors  of  the jth  instance  of  the  target domain.  As  nearest 
neighbors are taken from the mixture of all the intuitionistically fuzzi-
fied  instances  of  the  target  and  the  source  domain,  i.e.,  Dm,  δPjF  is 
calculated  by  two  ways:  First,  if  x0  in  set  NDm
belongs  to  the  source 
j 
domain (Ds), whose labels for Fth 
(x0) are available, then δPjF  is 

class, μYF

domain (IND) as explained in Subsection C of Section 4. Then, K-nearest 
neighbors (Step C of Fig. 3) are chosen for each of the target (IND) data 
points using minimum distance values calculated by Eq. (17) from the 
mixture  of  intuitionistically  fuzzified  source  (EU)  and  the  target  data 
(IND). In the end, these K-nearest neighbors are optimally utilized using 
Eq. (19) to refine the labels predicted (Step D in Fig. 3) by the TUR model 
(best of the ELM, GRNN, and SVR, i.e., ELM) for effective TL. During 
FTL, ordinary fuzzification is performed instead of intuitionistic fuzzi-
fication,  and  Euclidean  distance  is  calculated  using  membership  and 
non-membership values. The rest of the procedure is similar to that of 
IFTL. For both IFTL and FTL, the refinement impact factor ‘gamma’ is 
kept constant at 10% (γ = 0.1), which governs the impact of refinement 
in IFTL.

b)  IFTL Refinement over GRNN and SVR 

In previous results, ELM is chosen as TUR, and IFTL is implemented 
on the ELM predictions to improve its knowledge transfer. Here, GRNN 
and SVR are chosen one by one as a TUR model in the process described 
in Fig. 2. Then, IFTL with the same parameter settings (as was in the case 
of ELM in the previous subsection, where γ = 0.1) is applied over their 
prediction. The improvement of IFTL over these approaches are depicted 
in Fig. 6, where ‘GRNN_IF’  denotes the error in IFTL prediction when 
IFTL  is  implemented,  choosing  GRNN  as  TUR.  Similarly,  ‘SVR_IF’  de-
notes the IFTL error when IFTL is implemented, choosing SVR as TUR. 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022069S. Kumar et al.

)

xj ∈ Dt

It denotes that for all x0 ∈ NDm

, multiply δPjF  with the IFSM values of 
and x0(x0 ∈ DDm), and then take their summation. The 
the xj
impact of refinement in Eq. (19) is controlled by γ (gamma). The value of 
γ if chosen too high, then the importance of good prediction by the TUR 
model is not optimally utilized, and if γ is too small, then IFTL will give 
results nearly equivalent to that of the prediction of ML approaches.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized, such as through methods like grid search or random search. However, it mentions that the value of the hyperparameter gamma (γ) is experimentally chosen and kept constant at 10% for all experiments of IFTL. This suggests that some form of experimental optimization might have been used to determine the optimal value of this hyperparameter. Nonetheless, without further details about the specific methodology employed for hyperparameter tuning, it cannot be definitively stated whether techniques like grid search or random search were used.