Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Given unlabelled input data consisting of N samples with F features, 
x âˆˆ â„NÃ—F,  the  probabilistic  encoder  of  a  VAE  maps  the  input  to  the 
posterior density p(z|x) over the latent variable, z âˆˆ â„NÃ—L. In practice, 
L << N and the encoder neural network approximates the true posterior 
density, p(z|x), with a multivariate Gaussian, qÎ¸(z|x) âˆ¼ ğ’© (Î¼Î¸, Ïƒ2
Î¸ ). The 
decoder of a VAE reconstructs the input data from the latent variable 
and is given by the density function pÏ†(x|z). The encoder and decoder 
neural networks are parameterised by Î¸  and Ï†, respectively. The opti-
mization objective of a VAE consists of two competing terms and it can 
be shown to be (Kingma and Welling, 2014)  

â„’VAE = (cid:0) EqÎ¸ [logpÏ†(x|z)] + KL[qÎ¸(z|x)||p(z)]
â„’VAEâ‰œâ„’rec + â„’reg

(1) 

(2)

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

2.2. VAEs and Î²-annealing 

Variational  autoencoders  (VAEs)  consist  of  a  regularized  probabi-
listic  encoder-decoder  pair  and  are  some  of  the  most  powerful  repre-
sentation learning methods (Bengio et al., 2013; Kingma and Welling, 
2014). They have seen broad applications in generative modelling and 
unsupervised learning tasks.

(1) 

(2)  

The  quality  of  the  auto-encoded  reconstructions  is  controlled  by  the 
reconstruction loss â„’rec, which is the first term in Eq. (1). The encoder 
density is regularized to match the prior over the latent variable, p(z) âˆ¼
ğ’© (0bf,I), enforced by the regularization loss, â„’reg, which is the Kullback- 
Leibler divergence (KLD) term in Eq. (1). At a high level, the regulari-
zation term controls the smoothness or the regularity of the latent space. 
Well structured and smooth latent spaces can yield useful representa-
tions of the input data.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided information, there is no mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this case. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. It would be necessary to refer to additional resources or documentation related to this project to find the relevant code repository link.