Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
21′N  and  39

26′E  and  111

◦
15′E  and  33

◦

◦

3. Data sources

CHD 

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Xianghui  Xu:  Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Soft-
ware, Writing – original draft. Weijiang Kong: Conceptualization, Data 
curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Visualization, 
Writing  –  original  draft.  Tengji  Wang:  Data  curation,  Validation, 
Visualization. Pingping Luo: Conceptualization, Validation, Writing – 
review &  editing. Jianjun Cui: Software, Writing –  review &  editing. 
Ligang Wang: Data curation, Software. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare no conflicts of interest. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgments 

The authors would like to thank the editors and the anonymous re-
viewers for their crucial comments, which improved the quality of this 
paper. 

References

τ = δl × r1

(8)  

4.3.3. LSTM model 

The  long  short-term  memory  (LSTM)  model  is  a  common  deep 
learning model used to solve the prediction problem of time series data 
(Tang  et  al.,  2023).  Compared  with  traditional  machine  learning 
models, the LSTM model has better performance and ability to manage 
the  prediction  problem  of  time  series  data,  especially  the  long-term 
dependency  problem  and  multivariate  time  series  data,  and  has 
obvious  advantages  (Liu  et  al.,  2021;  Tang  et  al.,  2023;  Zhou  et  al., 
2023). Fig. 3 shows the prediction process of the LSTM model and the BP 
model.  This  study  compares  these  two  models  and  the  Markov  chain 
model. 

4.4. FMOP model 

Optimizing land allocation through a multiobjective programming 
(MOP) model combined with uncertainty analysis methods can provide 
a reference for decision makers. 

4.4.1. MOP model

service value to land use change through deep learning simulation in Lanzhou, 
China. Sci. Total Environ. 796, 148981. 

Loukika, K.N., Keesara, V.R., Buri, E.S., Sridhar, V., 2023. Future prediction of scenario 
based land use land cover (LU&LC) using DynaCLUE model for a river basin. Eco. 
Inform. 77, 102223. 

Luo, J., Fu, H., 2023. Construct the future wetland ecological security pattern with multi- 

scenario simulation. Ecol. Indic. 153, 110473. 

Lyu, R., Zhang, J., Xu, M., Li, J., 2018. Impacts of urbanization on ecosystem services and 
their temporal relations: a case study in Northern Ningxia, China. Land Use Policy 
77, 163–173. 

Mahajan, S., Gupta, S.K., 2021. On optimistic, pessimistic and mixed approaches under 
different membership functions for fully intuitionistic fuzzy multiobjective nonlinear 
programming problems. Expert Syst. Appl. 168, 114309. 

Nie, W., Xu, B., Yang, F., Shi, Y., Liu, B., Wu, R., Lin, W., Pei, H., Bao, Z., 2023.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information regarding the specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context is not explicitly stated. However, it does mention that the data will be made available upon request. Therefore, if one needs access to the data, they should contact the corresponding author or relevant party associated with the research paper from where this context was extracted.