Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
06′ ~ 100

◦
36′ ~ 25

2.2. Data 

2.2.1. Satellite images

Sharaf, N., Bresciani, M., Giardino, C., Faour, G., Slim, K., Fadel, A., 2019. Using Landsat 

and in situ data to map turbidity as a proxy of cyanobacteria in a hypereutrophic 
Mediterranean reservoir. Ecol. Inform. 50, 197–206. 

Shen, M., Luo, J., Cao, Z., Xue, K., Qi, T., Ma, J., Liu, D., Song, K., Feng, L., Duan, H., 
2022. Random forest: An optimal chlorophyll-a algorithm for optically complex 
inland water suffering atmospheric correction uncertainties. J. Hydrol. 615, 128685. 

Simon, A., Shanmugam, P., 2016. Estimation of the spectral diffuse attenuation 
coefficient of downwelling irradiance in inland and coastal waters from 
hyperspectral remote sensing data: validation with experimental data. Int. J. Appl. 
Earth Obs. 49, 117–125. 

Song, K., Li, L., Li, Z., Tedesco, L., Hall, B., Shi, K., 2013. Remote detection of 

cyanobacteria through phycocyanin for water supply source using three-band model. 
Ecol. Inform. 15, 22–33.

artificial neural networks (ANN) (Men et al., 2022). The efficacy of these 
algorithms exhibits considerable variation across diverse aquatic envi-
ronments. For instance, the Fast Line-of-sight Atmospheric Analysis of 
Spectral  Hypercubes  (FLAASH)  model,  originally  developed  for  land 
pixels,  has  proven  effective  in  AC  for  aquatic  environments  utilizing 
Sentinel-2  and  SPOT-6  imagery  (Rotta  et  al.,  2016;  Li  et  al.,  2023a, 
2023b, 2023c, 2023d). Additionally, the FLAASH algorithm mitigates 
the  spatial  proximity  effect  by  employing  an  internal  pixel  averaging 
technique, which is essential for attaining high-quality AC (Wang et al., 
2021).  In  investigations  of  lacustrine  environments  using  Advanced 
Land Observing Satellite (ALOS) AVNIR-2 data, the efficacy of AC al-
gorithms  predicated  on  the  single  scattering  approximation  has  been 
significantly enhanced (Matsui and Kageyama, 2022). The Atmospheric

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Atmospheric correction (AC) 
Remote sensing reflectance 
Satellite 
Plateau lake (PL)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only discusses various methods used for atmospheric correction in satellite imagery analysis, such as Fast Line-of-sight Atmospheric Analysis of Spectral Hypercubes (FLAASH), single scattering approximation, and artificial neural networks (ANN). However, it does not mention any specific code repositories or links to them. Therefore, based on this context alone, we cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.