Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

hyperparameters for model architectures.  

2.  Partial training: Models are partially trained (on a small fraction of 
the data) to quickly eliminate underperforming configurations.  
3.  Successive Halving: The remaining configurations are grouped into 
sets of different sizes, and the associated models are trained further. 
The best-performing configurations in each set are promoted to the 
next  stage,  while 
the  under-performing  configurations  are 
eliminated. 

4. Repeat: Steps 2 and 3 are repeated until only one configuration re-
mains, which is then considered the best configuration found.

None. 

Data availability 

All methods were written in the Python language and in the PyCharm 
environment 
machine 
(https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/). 
learning  methods  were  developed  using  the  freely  available  Keras  li-
brary  (Chollet,  2018)  at  https://github.com/fchollet/keras  with  Ten-
sorflow backend. Free and open-source codes have been employed to 
perform  the  overall  analysis:  the  hyperparameters  ofthe  model  were 
optimised  using  the  custom  HyperBand  algorithm  which  allows  to 
optimize the network architecture with the optimal length of the history. 

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement

described in the next section. 

During the training of the model, the data is then standardized. In 
section 4, one of the three datasets will be defined as a training base, on 
which the standardizaion parameters will be calculated and applied to 
the  other  two  datasets  considered  as  test  base.  The  best  result  of  the 
optimisation will allow us to determine the base that will be used for 
training. 

4. Model optimization: Determination hyperparameters and 
parameter training 

4.1. Optimisation algorithm and experimental design

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement 

In this article, a multivariate modelling by a neural network encoder 
decoder the Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks 
Tao et al. (2016)is proposed for the prediction of 137Cs concentrations in 
SPM.  This  model  extracts  the  maximum  of  information  from  past 
exogenous  variable  from  river  (water  discharge,  release  and  washout 
flux)  with  encoder  part  using  convolution  layer  and  recurrent  layer 
(RHN)  to  generate  a  latent  representation.  A  layer  of  Hierarchical 
Attention  weighs  the  importance  of  this  representation.  Then  the 
decoder part processes this representation with the past history of the 
target  variable  using  an  recurrent  layer  (RHN)  for  predict  the  future 
concentration of 137Cs.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough context provided to accurately describe the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model. However, based on common practices in machine learning projects, after training the model, it would typically be serialized or saved so that it can be loaded later without having to train again. This could involve saving the model weights or creating a complete copy of the model object. As for platform selection, depending on the use case, the model might be deployed on various platforms such as cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure, or on edge devices for real-time predictions. But since no specific details about these aspects are given in the provided context, I cannot provide a more precise answer.