Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

An  issue  with  deep  learning  methods  is  that  it  can  be  difficult  to 
obtain enough ground truth data. Sharma et al. (2017) utilized crowd-
sourcing, involving non-expert users for obtaining manual annotation, 
and demonstrated the efficacy of their method on karyotyping images of 
chromosomes.

Following the methodology described in Section 2.5.1, we computed 
the  average  precision,  recall,  F1-measure,  and  MMC  for  the  three 
different sets of fungal images. Results are shown in Table 2. In all cases, 
the 2nd-order Gaussian filter was applied with the set of angles θ having a 
◦
step  size  of  15
.  The  datasets  contained  diverse  organisms  and  were 
acquired with diverse resolutions. Therefore, the standard deviation σ 
and  the  minimum  branch  length  were  varied.  In  the  image  set  from 
(Cardini et al., 2020), all images were acquired at the same scale and 
represented the same organism. Therefore, the σ and minimum branch 
length  parameters  were  the  same  for  all  images  (i.e.,  σ = 4  pixels  or 
4.4μm and minimum branch length = 22 μm.). For the image set from 
(Vidal-Diez  de  Ulzurrun  et  al.,  2019),  the  image  scales  vary  between 
samples, and the σ-parameter was varied (σ = [2.5, 3.5] pixels, step size

ingful outputs. In Fig. 15a, we apply a window with a size corresponding 
to 0.29mm2. Given a set of thin binary filaments, each with a unique ID, 
eq. (1) can be applied to each filament to get its length (Fig. 15b). To 
visualize the network structure, we can consider two diverse represen-
tations (Fig. 15c &  15d). In Fig. 15c, the separated hyphae have been

As  mentioned  in  Section  4.1,  performances  may  be  improved  by 
exploiting machine learning. Specifically, (Guo et al., 2021) extracted 
spherical patches around points of interest in the 3D volumetric images 
and used a deep learning-based model to classify the point of interest: if 
the point of interest was a cross-over point/overlap, the incoming fila-
ments were separated. With respect to the approach proposed in (Guo 
et  al.,  2021),  our  approach  is  similar  for  hierarchically  starting  by 
creating an overview and then locally analyzing the points of interest. 
Meanwhile, (Guo et al., 2021) analyzes all potential points of interest by 
considering a patch with a fixed radius, which may be advantageous in 
3D thanks to the volumetric information. We locally analyze the points 
of  interest  considering  their  respective  filament  angles  in  order  to  be 
able to identify overlaps with geometrical branch points far from each

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on the context, it can be inferred that the data format used is likely image data. This is because the study focuses on applying deep learning techniques to fungal images and chromosome images. Additionally, the use of filters such as the 2nd-order Gaussian filter suggests that the input data is in the form of images. Therefore, it can be concluded that the data format used in this deep learning pipeline is primarily image data.