Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The method requires manually setting several parameters, described 
in more details in the user guide.7 In particular, about half a dozen pa-
rameters allow to set thresholds on the size of the support of the output 
redescriptions and to control the length and complexity of their queries. 
We required that at least 1% of localities satisfy both queries (Min-
SuppIn) and that at least 30% of localities satisfy neither of the queries 
(MinSuppOut). In other words, the intersection of the supports of the 
two  queries  (the  support  of  the  redescription)  and  their  union  were 
required to contain at least 1% and at most 70% of all localities. This is 
an inclusive choice, not overly restrictive, that aims at capturing local 
patterns. Increasing the upper threshold further would jeopardize the 
local aspect of the analysis, and would lead to something more akin to 
non-linear regression. For a redescription to be informative, its support

to three dental variables and two climate variables. In the second run, 
we allowed dental queries to involve disjunctions, and climate queries to 
contain up to three variables, but tightened the requirement of accuracy 
gain.  Specifically,  under  this  constraint,  a  candidate  query  can  be 
extended by automatically adding the next variable only if the accuracy, 
as measured by the Jaccard coefficient, increases by a least 0.1. The goal 
is to obtain interpretable, not overly complex (long) queries. This can be 
achieved either explicitly, by limiting the number of variables and the 
operators  used  in  the  queries,  as  in  the  first  run,  or  implicitly,  by 
allowing increased complexity only if it brings substantial improvement 
in terms of accuracy, as in the second run. 

4.3. Selecting individual redescriptions for further analyses

We performed the analysis using SIREN,6  an interface that allows to 
automatically  generate  redescriptions  with  various  algorithms, 
including,  and  to  visualize,  cluster  and  interactively  edit  the  re-
descriptions (Galbrun and Miettinen, 2018).

variables. All variables are listed in Table 1.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information regarding specific postprocessing steps such as saliency maps, metrics calculations, confusion matrices, etc. However, some aspects of the process could be considered as part of postprocessing. After generating redescriptions using SIREN, users have the ability to visualize, cluster, and interactively edit them. These actions might be considered as postprocessing steps since they occur after the initial generation of redescriptions. Additionally, the text mentions requirements for the size of the support of the output redescriptions and controlling the length and complexity of their queries. These adjustments could also be seen as postprocessing steps aimed at improving the quality and interpretability of the results.