Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Probst, P., Wright, M. N., Boulesteix, A.L., 2019. Hyperparameters and tuning strategies 

for  random  forest.  Wiley  Interdisciplinary  Reviews:  data  mining  and  knowledge 

discovery, 9(3), e1301. 

QGIS.org (2023) QGIS Geographic Information System 

Raab,  C.,  Riesch,  F.,  Tonn,  B.,  Barrett,  B.,  Meißner,  M.,  Balkenhol,  N.,  Isselstein,  J., 

2020.  Target‐ oriented  habitat  and  wildlife  management:  estimating  forage 

Journal Pre-proof

quantity and quality of semi‐ natural grasslands with Sentinel‐ 1 and Sentinel‐ 2 

data. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6:381–398. https://doi.org/10.1002/rse2.149 

Ramoelo,  A.,  Cho,  M.,  Mathieu,  R.,  Skidmore,  A.K.,  2015.  Potential  of  Sentinel-2 

spectral  configuration  to  assess  rangeland  quality.  J.  Appl.  Remote  Sens. 

9:094096. https://doi.org/10.1117/1.JRS.9.094096 

Ranta,  M.,  Rotar,  I.,  Vidican,  R.,  Mălinaș,  A.,  Ranta,  O.,  Lefter,  N.,  2021.  Influence  of

Journal Pre-proof

However,  hyperspectral  VIs’  were  tested  by  Fava  et  al.  (2009)  on  a  gradient  between 

3.95  and  13.4  t  ha−1,  with  the  best  models  resulting  in  an  R2  =  0.73  higher  than  that 

found  in  this  study.  The  saturation  problem  associated  with  VIs  at  higher  biomass  is 

reported to be one of the reasons for the low predictive performance (Glenn et al., 2008; 

Hancock and Dougherty, 2007; Magiera et al., 2017; Vescovo and Gianelle, 2008), and 

although  confirmed  by  the  saturation  recorded  for  the  date  of  May,  the  low 

performances  are  in  this case more  linked  to  the  variability  of humidity  conditions  with 

consequent  variability  in  the  composition  of  the  species  present  in  the  different  areas. 

steppe by Liu et al. (2017). 

Journal Pre-proof

RF  classification  based  on  RGB  images  showed,  on  the  contrary,  the  best  overall

ML  classification  techniques  enables  the  generation  of  accurate,  dynamic  information 

on  grassland,  core  attributes    that  play  an  integral  role  in  sustainable  ecosystem 

Journal Pre-proof

Agronomic  environment,  Aboveground  biomass,  Machine  Learning,  Remote  sensing, 

Nutritive characteristics, Floristic composition.  

management and conservation. 

Keywords:  

1. Introduction  

Grasslands  are  among  the  leading  terrestrial  ecosystems  (Zhang  et  al.,  2022), 

occupying more than 40% of the world’s terrestrial area, a third of the agricultural area 

in  Europe,  and  storing  about  a  third  of  the  world’s  terrestrial  biomass  stock  (O‘Mara, 

2012; Stumpf et al., 2020 Bar-On et al., 2018; Erb et al., 2017).  

Moreover, grassland agroecosystems are of significant importance in the production of 

 
 
Journal Pre-proof

fodder for grazing animals in areas that are inadequate forcropland uses. At the same

(m),  and  the  minimal  node  size  (nodesize)  (Sanz,  et  al.  2022).  For  ML  training,  34 

ground  data  points  were  used.  The  RF  generates  an  impartial  internal estimate  of  the 

generalization error by the "out-of-bag" (OOB) samples, which are those not included in 

map were elaborated in QGIS software (QGIS.org, 2023), 

Journal Pre-proof

the training subset. In this case, the total number of samples used for validation is 8. 

System for Automated Geoscientific Analyses (SAGA) software (version 9.4.0) (Conrad, 

2015) was employed to perform classification utilising the RF technique, based on Red 

Gren Blue (RGB) images acquired in March, April, and May.In this study, the maximum 

shaft number value was tested from 1 to 100 and the minimum sample number from 1 

to 50. Finally, the most accurate results for RF were obtained when the maximum tree 

depth was set to 10 and the minimum number of samples was set to 2. The regression

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any specific details regarding the use of deep learning or its hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer. Instead, it discusses the application of Random Forest (RF) machine learning algorithm for grassland mapping using remote sensing data. The hyperparameters mentioned in the context include maximum depth of trees, minimum number of samples required to split an internal node, and minimum number of samples required to be at a leaf node. These parameters are specific to decision tree algorithms like Random Forest and do not apply to deep learning models. Therefore, without additional context, we cannot determine the hyperparameters used in a deep learning model.