Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

acquiring new images. Data augmentation was typically performed as 
part of dataset preprocessing for training an image detection and clas-
sification  model,  such  as  the  CNN-based  model  (Shorten  and  Khosh-
goftaar,  2019).  The  procedure  included  cropping,  flipping,  scaling, 
rotating, adding noise, and color transformation.

2.3. Data augmentation 

Although  optimizing  many  parameters  of  CNN  based  on  deep 
learning required a large dataset, there were only small datasets for pest 
detection and identification. Existing datasets only had approximately 
100 images for each type (Samanta and Ghosh, 2012; Rustia et al., 2018; 
Xia  et  al.,  2018;  He  et  al.,  2019;  Wang  et  al.,  2012;  Venugoban  and 
Ramanan, 2014; Xie et al., 2018; Deng et al., 2018). To obtain a more 
generalized model, training data should have fine diversity as the ob-
jects varied in size, lighting conditions, and poses. To circumvent the 
limited quantity and diversity of training data, data augmentation was a 
useful technique that could increase the size of the training set without

Fig. 4. Examples of data augmentation for the second stage using the EfficientNet. (a) A foreground image of P. striolata was synthesized on a background image with 
random erasing; (b) A foreground image of P. atra was synthesized on a background image; (c) A background image in which only the image processing method 
(Table 1b) was applied. 

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014664(a)(b)(c)H. Takimoto et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

the  network  to  increase  the  receptive  field  and  to  capture  more  fine- 
grained  patterns  on  the  bigger  image,  respectively.  There  were  eight 
types of the EfficientNet, from the EfficientNet-B0 to the EfficientNet-B7, 
with an increasing network scale.

To train the EfficientNet, we prepared 4000 images for each category 
using the data augmentation method proposed above. We used 80% of 
the 4000 images for training and the remaining 20% for validation. The 
EfficientNet was trained by the Adagrad in 100 epochs. The dropout rate 
for each task was set at 0.5. The batch size was set at 20. 

All evaluations were performed on the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080Ti 
GPU with 11G memory, and the software was Windows 10, Python 3.7, 
CUDA 10.2. Keras 2.4.3 were used to build all models. 

To compare model results with the test video, we used IoU as the 
threshold  for  positives  or  negatives  based  on  the  object  confidence 
scores estimated by the object detector. IoU was defined as the inter-
section  over  the  union  of  the  two  bounding  boxes,  which  were  the 
ground-truth  bounding  box  and  the  predicted  bounding  box.  In  this 
paper, we set the threshold of IoU at 0.3 to consider correct or incorrect 
detection results.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper describes several data augmentation techniques applied in their deep learning pipeline. These include cropping, flipping, scaling, rotating, adding noise, and color transformation. Additionally, they mention synthesizing foreground images of specific species onto background images, applying random erasing, and utilizing various image processing methods. However, the exact details of these additional techniques are not explicitly mentioned in the given context.