Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

practices to address a substantially imbalanced dataset with deep learning. Remote 
Sens. Environ. 216, 139–153. 

Laliberte, A.S., Ripple, W.J., 2003. Automated wildlife counts from remotely sensed 

imagery. Wildl. Soc. Bull. 31 (2), 362–371. 

LaRue, M.A., Stapleton, S., Anderson, M., 2017. Feasibility of using high-resolution 
satellite imagery to assess vertebrate wildlife populations. Conserv. Biol. 31 (1), 
213–220. 

Leblanc, G., Francis, C.M., Soffer, R., Kalacska, M., de Gea, J., 2016. Spectral reflectance 
of polar bear and other large arctic mammal pelts; potential applications to remote 
sensing surveys. Remote Sens. 8 (4), 273. 

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521, 436–444. 
Longmore, S.N., Collins, R.P., Pfeifer, S., Fox, S.E., Mulero-P´azm´any, M., Bezombes, F., 
Goodwin, A., De Juan Ovelar, M., Knapen, J.H., Wich, S.A., 2017. Adapting

The  mini-batch  size  is  user-adjustable  (typically  in  binary-number 
increments,  e.g.  2,  4,  8,  16,  32,  etc.)  depending  on  the  data  set.  Too 
small  a  mini-batch  size  may  provide  insufficient  image  data  for  the 
network  to  meaningfully  learn from  some or  all  of  the  classes  within 
each iteration, while too large a mini-batch size may cause the network 
to  overfit  to  the  training  images.  Because  of  the  high  computational 
complexity  of  the  deep  learning  process,  the  mini-batch  size  is  ulti-
mately limited by the amount of memory available to the GPU (in our 
case 8 GB), factoring in the size of the images (in our case 224 × 224 
pixels × 3 bands) and the number of internal parameters in the network 
(25.6 million in the case of ResNet-50). Thus, we were limited to mini-

The  diversity  of  considerations  and  possibilities  for  improvement 
highlights another general challenge of using deep learning at present: 
as a still-burgeoning technology, optimized or standardized approaches 
for different analysis tasks are not yet well-established, so the range of 
possibilities  can  seem  overwhelming,  especially  to  non-expert  users. 
Even the basic training options, some of which are listed in Table 1, are 
numerous and highly technical. A sensible approach is to initially set 
options based on a review of published studies involving similar analysis 
tasks,  then  attempt  to  refine  certain  settings  through  trial  and  error. 
However,  it  should  also  be  noted  that  the  computationally  laborious 
process of training a CNN (several hours to several days of background 
processing) imposes a practical limit on the extent of trial and error that 
can  be  undertaken.  Nevertheless,  deep  learning  is  now  clearly  over-

the  first  fork  in  the  network.  These  are  the  layers  that  are  trained  to 
extract the lowest-level features of images and objects. Freezing them 
prevents  their  internal  parameters  from  being  adjusted  during  fine- 
tuning,  such  that  their  highly  robust  and  versatile  feature  extraction 
capacity  pre-trained  on  >1  million  images  was  not  weakened  by  our 
comparatively limited training set. 

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The papers cited do not explicitly mention specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, they do suggest various sources of data collection. For instance, Laliberte and Ripple (2003) discuss automated wildlife counts from remotely sensed imagery, implying that satellite or drone imagery could be used for gathering data. LaRue et al. (2017) explore the feasibility of utilizing high-resolution satellite imagery to evaluate vertebrate wildlife populations, further supporting this notion. Leblanc et al. (2016) examine spectral reflectance of polar bear and other large Arctic mammals, indicating that sensor data might be employed for data acquisition. Additionally, LeCun et al. (2015) touch upon deep learning without specifying any particular method for obtaining raw data. In conclusion, although no explicit methods are mentioned, these papers hint at possible ways of acquiring raw data, including satellite/drone imagery and sensor data.