Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

each	species.	The	models	were	then	used	to	predict	the	diving	loca-

tions	of	birds	monitored	with	only	GPS	devices.

2.4 | Alternative prediction methods

To	 compare	 predictions	 obtained	 from	 deep	 learning	 models	 with	

methods	 used	 in	 previous	 studies	 classifying	 foraging	 behaviour	 in	

seabirds	HMMs,	a	naïve	Bayes	classifier	and	speed	and	tortuosity	pre-

dictions	were	implemented	on	the	data	(see	Appendix	S8,	supporting	

information	for	details	of	the	latter).	The	Naïve	Bayes	classification,	a	

supervised	 learning	 method,	 was	 implemented	 in	 r	 using	 the	 e1071	

package	 (Meyer,	 Dimitriadou,	 Hornik,	 Weingessel,	 &	 Leisch,	 2015).	

The	inputs	were	the	same	as	used	in	the	H2O	model,	and	the	depend-

ent	 variable	 (variable	 to	 be	 predicted)	 was	 the	 binary	 dive/not	 dive	

column.

HMMs	 are	 an	 unsupervised	 learning	 method	 that	 identifies	 dis-

crete	 states	within	 time-	series	 data	 and	 have	 been	 used	 extensively

Deep	neural	networks	(a	more	complex,	recent	form	of	ANNs)	can	

be	used	with	very	large	input	feature	sets	(e.g.	complete	pixel	arrays	

for	images	or,	as	here,	x/y	values),	often	reducing	the	need	for	complex	

feature	identification.	This	more	automated	form	of	feature	extraction	

has	been	successfully	applied	in	speech,	audio	and	image	recognition	

where	 they	 have	 outperformed	 other	 machine	 learning	 techniques	

(see	 LeCun,	 Bengio,	 &	 Hinton,	 2015	 for	 a	 review).	 Deep	 learning	 is	

a	 relatively	 new	 ML	 technique	 that	 to	 our	 knowledge	 has	 not	 been	

applied	to	animal	tracking	data	or	animal	behavioural	studies	to	date,	

but	that	has	been	suggested	to	be	a	potentially	useful	tool	(Valletta,	

Torney,	Kings,	Thornton,	&	Madden,	2017).

Since	2010,	the	Royal	Society	for	the	Protection	of	Birds	(RSPB)	

has	been	carrying	out	an	extensive	seabird-	monitoring	project	around	

the	 UK	 and	 Ireland	 as	 part	 of	 the	 Future	 of	 the	 Atlantic	 Marine

Therefore,	 models	 including	 all	 variables	 used	 200	 input	 neurons,	
those	with	three	variables	used	150	input	neurons	and	so	on.	 ̄x and ̄y 
were	calculated	as	xi	minus	the	mean	of	xi	to	xi+w	(from	i	to	i	plus	the	
window	length,	w)	of	interpolated	data,	where	i	is	the	value	of	X or Y 

(Aiello,	 Kraljevic,	 &	 Maj,	 2015),	 an	 open-	source	 platform,	 was	 used	

at	a	given	point.

in  r	to	construct	 an	artificial	 neural	network	and	perform	 predictive	

̄xi = xi − μ (xi:x

(i+w))

modelling.	A	random	hyperparameter	search	was	conducted	to	deter-

Importantly,	the	variables	used	in	the	input	layer	were	only	those	

mine	the	optimum	model	structure.	The	number	of	layers	and	hidden	

collected	by	the	GPS	logger—TDR	data	were	subsequently	used	to	val-

nodes	per	layer	were	varied,	from	one	to	four	layers	and	from	20	hid-

idate	predictions.	Models	were	trained	on	species	individually,	with	all	

den	nodes	to	1,000.	The	hyperparameter	search	was	allowed	to	run

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does state that a random hyperparameter search was conducted to determine the optimum model structure. This could potentially include various regularization methods such as dropout or L2 regularization. Unfortunately, without more detailed information about the hyperparameters searched, we cannot definitively identify which regularization methods were employed.

Answer:::
Unfortunately, based on the provided context, I am unable to provide a precise answer regarding the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. The text mentions conducting a random hyperparameter search to determine the optimum model structure but does not specify which hyperparameters were included in this search. Therefore, while it is possible that regularization methods like dropout or L2 regularization may have been considered during this process, I cannot confirm their usage without additional information.