Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To  predict  the  distribution  of  the  study  species,  we  employed  an 
ensemble  modeling  approach  in  BIOMOD2  package  (Thuiller  et  al., 
2009) in R (R Development Core Team, 2014) (See text S1). With this 
approach,  we  weight  averaged  four  different  models,  including  one 
regression-based 
three 
machine-learning  (Maximun  entropy  (MaxEnt),  RF(Random  Forest), 
and  Support  Vector  Machines  (SVM))  models,  to  generate  a  final 
ensembled model for each species. To test for model performance, we 
employed cross-validationby using 70% of the dataset as training data to 
build  the  models  and  the  other  30%  as  testing  data  to  calculate  the 
models’  accuracy. The Area Under the Receiving Operator Character-
istics Curve is the index we used to specify the accuracy (AUC). AUC is a 
scale that ranges from 0.5 to 1.0. A higher AUC value indicates that the 
model  is  more  accurate  (Phillips  and  Dudík,  2008).  We  considered  a

Bio1 (Annual Mean Temperature) 
Bio4 (Temperature Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio17 (Precipitation of Driest Quarter) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
DRO (distance-to-roads) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio7 (Temperature Annual Range) 
DR (distance-to-rivers) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality)  

3. Results 

3.1. Model accuracy

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Canis aureus 
Canis lupus 
Competition 
Desert and semi-desert ecosystem 
Desertification 
Hyaena hyaena 
Protected areas 
Range shifts 
Species distribution modeling

Nayeri, D., Mohammadi, A., Hysen, L., Hip´olito, D., Huber, D., Wan, H.Y., 2022b. 
Identifying human-caused mortality hotspots to inform human-wildlife conflict 
mitigation. Glob. Ecol. Conserv. 38, e02241. 

Pachauri, R.K., Allen, M.R., Barros, V.R., Broome, J., Cramer, W., Christ, R., van 

Ypserle, J.P., 2014. Climate change 2014: Synthesis report. In: Contribution of 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022478S. Rezaei et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Working Groups I, II and III to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change. Ipcc, p. 151. 

Parmesan, C., 2006. Ecological and evolutionary responses to recent climate change. 

Annu. Rev. Ecol. Evol. Syst. 37, 637–669.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs or any other hardware resources were used for training the model based solely on the provided context.

Based on the given context, it can be understood that the researchers employed an ensemble modeling approach in the BIOMOD2 package in R to predict the distribution of the study species. They used four different models, including regression-based and machine-learning models such as Maximum Entropy (MaxEnt), Random Forest (RF), and Support Vector Machines (SVM). However, there is no mention of the use of deep learning models or the hardware resources used for training them.

Therefore, without additional information, it cannot be determined which hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model.