Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3.  Model training 

2.3.1.  Training data preprocessing 

The  CNN  model  used  in  this  study  requires  equally  sized  input 
images. We chose a time-frequency input window size of 2 s as it is near 
the mean and median template duration across target call types (Fig. 2). 
Most  call  types  have  a  duration  below  1  s,  and  for  those  above  2  s,

learning, wherein a model already optimized for a similar dataset is re- 
trained with new data. We used a ResNet50 model, pre-trained on the 
ImageNet dataset, which contains over one million photo images across

Species-specific performance did not have a clear association with 
training sample size (Table 1, Fig. 5). Many classes with varying sample 
sizes  achieved  a  similar  strong  performance.  Melanerpes  portoricensis, 
Leptodactylus albilabris, Coereba flaveola each had fewer than 1000 po-
sitive  training  samples  and  AP  >  0.97.  Thus,  depending  on  the  call 

type and potentially confounding signals and noise in the environment, 
strong  performance  is  achievable  with  several  hundreds  of  call  ex-
amples.

For a selected prediction threshold of 0.99, the mean precision and 
recall across species were 0.90 and 0.71, respectively (Table 2). How-
ever,  the  total  precision  and  recall  were  0.98  and  0.83,  respectively, 
further  demonstrating  that  model  performance  is  correlated  with  fre-
quency of species presence. This may be due in part to the slight cor-
relation  between  species  frequency  and  training  sample  size,  though 
strong  performance  was  achieved  for  some  species  without  a  large 
sample size (eg. MEPO, LEAL, COFL). The association between perfor-
mance  and  frequency  of  presence  could  be  further  explained  by  the 
higher  balance  between  presences  and  absences.  Rarer  species  with 
relatively few presences require stronger robustness to noise to achieve 
a low FPR and high precision. Comparing the average-precision scores 
to the precision and recalls at the chosen threshold of 0.99, we find that

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. The text mentions using a pre-trained ResNet50 model but does not provide details about the optimization process or techniques such as grid search or random search. Therefore, I cannot provide a specific answer based on the available information.