Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

+is paper aims to predict the SST and the SWH for the
Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset.
+e proposed work is motivated by comparing the statistical,
machine learning, and deep learning models to understand
the performance gap of these models. +e results of this
work should provide scientiﬁc evidence on which model ﬁts
better the marine data. To anticipate the marine features
eﬃciently, the employed deep learning model combines the
gated recurrent units (GRU) with the regular neural net-
work. In the proposed architecture, the GRU layer is pre-
ceded by an input layer and followed by a fully connected
layer. As a result, the predicted values can be produced from
the output layer. To our knowledge, this is the ﬁrst use of a
GRU model architecture for forecasting SST and SWH.
Besides, four diﬀerent ML models have been utilized in the
current study, namely, Linear Regression (LR), Decision
Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Random

5. Experimental Results

5.1. Experimental Setup. +e experiments were performed
on a computer running 64-bit Linux OS with two 2.3 GHz
Intel 8-core processors. All of the utilized predictive
models were implemented in the Python programming
language version 3.8.5. Moreover, deep learning model
(i.e., GRU-DNN) implementation is performed using

Hidden layer (s) Outputlayer ...GRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcellGRUcell...XXXX......Input layer...FClayerFClayerGRUlayer 8483, 2021, 1, Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1155/2021/8551167 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License8

Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience

4.1. Stacked GRU-DNN Model. +e ﬁrst model is a proposed
GRU-DNN model architecture (a deep learning model).
Diﬀerent model architectures result in diﬀerent prediction
rates. +us, the main challenge was to ﬁnd the best GRU
architecture that ﬁts the data at hand. +e proposed Stacked
GRU-DNN is a ﬂexible custom model, where its architecture
is varied according to the training data. In other words, the
proposed model has no speciﬁc architecture, and its
hyperparameters are obtained during the hyperparameter
optimization process.

2.1. Deep Learning-Based Prediction: GRU. Deep learning
algorithms, particularly recurrent neural networks (RNNs),
have been proven successful in a variety of applications,
including time series forecasting [9, 10]. +e RNN is a
powerful model that can learn a wide range of complex
relationships from an arbitrarily long sequence of data and
has been used to eﬀectively solve many problems [11–13].
However, two well-known problems were raised because of
the depth of RNN, namely, exploding and vanishing gra-
dient. To address the diﬃculties mentioned above, two
variations of the recurrent model were introduced (i.e., GRU
[14] and LSTM [15]). +e GRU and LSTM architectures are
similar in design, and both contain gating techniques for
controlling the ﬂow of data through the unit. Despite this,
due to its complicated structure, the LSTM takes a long time
to train and converge. GRU-DNN is simpler than LSTM and
has a less sophisticated architecture. As a result, it is faster to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The pipeline uses a deep learning model called GRU-DNN, which stands for Gated Recurrent Units combined with a Regular Neural Network. This model is a variation of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) designed to overcome the difficulties of traditional RNNs such as exploding and vanishing gradients. The GRU-DNN model is simpler than Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks and has a less sophisticated architecture, making it faster to train and converge. It is used in the pipeline to predict Sea Surface Temperature (SST) and Significant Wave Height (SWH) for the Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset.