Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Our result that deep learning networks consistently outperformed other baselines, is consis-

14 / 19

Deep learning tools for bat acoustic signal detection

S1 Fig. CNNFAST network architecture description. The CNNFAST network consists of two
convolution layers (Conv1 and Conv2), with 16 filters each (shown in yellow, with the filter
size shown inset). Both convolution layers are followed by a max pooling layer (Max Pool1 and
Max Pool2), and the network ends with a fully connected layer with 64 units (Fully Connect).
CNNFAST computes feature maps (shown as white boxes) across the entire input spectrogram,
resulting in less computation and a much faster run time. The fully connected layer is also eval-
uated as a convolution. The output of the detector is a probability vector (shown in green)
whose length is one quarter times the width of the input spectrogram. The numbers below
each layer indicate the height, weight, and depth of the corresponding layer.
(TIF)

we also created a second, smaller CNN which included fewer model weights that can be run in
a fully convolutional manner (CNNFAST) (Supplementary Information Methods, Supplemen-
tary Information S1 Fig). (4) Call Detection Probabilities–The probabilistic predictions pro-
duced by the sliding window detector tended to be overly smooth in time (Fig 1D). To localise
the calls precisely, we converted the probabilistic predictions into individual detections using a
non-maximum suppression to return the local maximum for each peak in the output predic-
tion (Fig 1E). These local maxima corresponded to the predicted locations of the start of each
search-phase bat echolocation call, with associated probabilities, and were exported as text
files.

and semantic segmentation. Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern rec-
ognition; 2014.

34. Piczak KJ, Environmental sound classification with convolutional neural networks. 2015 IEEE 25th

International Workshop on Machine Learning for Signal Processing (MLSP); 2015: IEEE.

35. Salamon J, Bello JP. Deep convolutional neural networks and data augmentation for environmental

sound classification. arXiv preprint arXiv:160804363. 2016.

36. Hershey S, Chaudhuri S, Ellis DP, Gemmeke JF, Jansen A, Moore RC, et al. CNN Architectures for

Large-Scale Audio Classification. arXiv preprint arXiv:160909430. 2016.

37. Hinton G, Deng L, Yu D, Dahl GE, Mohamed A-r, Jaitly N, et al. Deep neural networks for acoustic

modeling in speech recognition: The shared views of four research groups. IEEE Signal Processing
Magazine. 2012; 29(6):82–97.

38. Hannun A, Case C, Casper J, Catanzaro B, Diamos G, Elsen E, et al. Deep speech: Scaling up end-to-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available from the given context to determine what specific optimization techniques have been used in their deep learning pipeline. However, some common optimization techniques used in deep learning include Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam), Root Mean Square Propagation (RMSProp), and others. Without further details about the methods or references mentioned in the paper, it would not be possible to provide a more precise answer.