Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Training protocols

The models were all trained with the same parameters: 500 epochs, 
an initial learning rate of 0.01 with a weight decay of 0.005, the opti-
mizer Adam was chosen, with a beta1 of 0.937, and data augmentation 
transformations  were  applied  while  training.  Data  augmentation  is  a 
technique used in machine learning to artificially increase the size of a 
dataset  by  creating  new  samples  from  the  existing  ones.  Augmented 
samples are used to train the model more effectively by increasing its 
ability to generalize and its accuracy on the test dataset. The advantage 
of this technique when dealing with a low amount of data such as in our 
case, is the reduced risk of overfitting, since models are exposed to more 
variations, they will tend  to less memorize the dataset. This  becomes 
essential when you have limited data to train models with, which is a 
common problem in deep-learning applications. Another advantage is

approach in computer vision, consistently demonstrating superior per-
formance  across  various  tasks  and  benchmarks.  The  use  of  machine 
learning in ecology is not new (Crisci et al., 2012), it already has been 
used for tasks such as ecological modeling (Recknagel, 2001), the study 
of animal behavior (Arablouei et al., 2023), and species identification 
(Waldchen and Mader, 2018). What makes deep learning such a growing 
field is the recent availability of powerful hardware and large amounts 
of  training  data.  By  learning  from  the  given  example  deep  learning 
models can extract important features and resolve a task without being 
specifically programmed to resolve it (LeCun et al., 2015), which makes

Since  we  had  multiple  species,  we  also  used  the  mAP  Eq.  4  (Mean 
average precision) which gives a score for the whole model whereas the 
AP will give one for each one of them. The objective of these models is to 
be  reliable  enough  to  be  used  by  experts  in  real-life  conditions.  This 
means that we had to be confident enough in the model prediction to use 
it. We allowed ourselves 5% of mistakes in the prediction of each species 
of interest. We created a benchmark to compare the results of state-of- 
the-art models of deep learning on this task. To create a benchmark of 
models, we use the mAP to analyze which model does best on average 
for each species and the AP to analyze how good it is at predicting each 
species. To ensure the model's ability to reach 95% precision, we used

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any information available regarding the deployment process of the trained deep learning model in the provided context. Therefore, I cannot provide details about the specific steps taken for model serialization or platform selection.