Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The Q value, which reflects the explanatory power of each driver in 
the OPGD, is also influenced by the size of the OPGD data sampling grid. 
It is common to compare the 90% quartiles of the Q values for all drivers 
at different spatial scales and select the optimal sampling grid based on 
the criterion that the 90% quartile is the largest(Song et al., 2020; Yu 
et al., 2023). In this paper, Q values for each driver were compared at 
grid scales of 1 km*1 km, 2 km*2 km, 3 km*3 km, 4 km*4 km, 5 km*5 
km and 6 km*6 km.  

(ii)  Factor detector 

The factor detector assesses the independent explanatory power of 
each driver in relation to the spatial variance in the kNDVI using the Q 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024935Z. Gu et al.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024936Z. Gu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Fig. 3. Q-values change with grid scale and discretization parameter. (a) Changes in Q-values under different grid scales; (b) Changes in Q-values under different 
discretization methods and discretization breakpoints.

)

⎤

1/2

⎥
⎥
⎦

where 

(cid:0)
y h 

denotes the mean of the subregional kNDVI, nh  denotes the 
(

)

number of subregional samples, and Var

the mean of the subregional kNDVI. 

(cid:0)
y h

denotes the variance in 

The subsequent statistical analysis of the OPGD data was conducted 
using  the  “GD”  package  in  RStudio  4.2.2  (https://CRAN.R-project.or 
g/package=GD).  The  “optidisc”  function  of  the  “GD”  package  was 
used to select the optimal parameters for discretizing continuous data. 
The analysis revealed that as the grid scale increases, the 90% quantile 
of the Q-values for each driver reaches its maximum at the 2 km * 2 km 
grid scale, followed by a decreasing trend. Therefore, the optimal spatial 
scale for OPGD was determined to be 2 km * 2 km (Fig. 3a). 

We further calculated the Q values for the continuous data sample 
points  collected  at  the  2  km*2  km  scale  (Fig.  3b)  and  compared  the 

Table 4 
Driver interaction classification.  

Judgments

changes in the  Q values with different discretization  parameters. The 
results indicated that with an increase in the number of sample points, 
the Q-values initially increased significantly and then gradually stabi-
lized. This suggests that the number of discretization intervals is suffi-
cient  to  fully  explain  the  spatial  differentiation  of  the  dependent 
variable.  The  same  principle  applies  when  determining  the  optimal 
discretization parameters for other drivers, and the optimal discretiza-
tion parameters of all the drivers are presented in Table S2. 

2.3.4. Partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the optimal parameters for discretizing continuous data in the study were selected using the "optidisc" function of the "GD" package in RStudio 4.2.2. However, there is no explicit mention of how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized, such as through grid search or random search. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to this specific query based solely on the provided context.