Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)101378Availableonline29July20211574-9541/©2021TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NC-NDlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).D.-S. Lee et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

species  in  ecosystems  including  artificial  neural  networks  (Park  and 
Chung, 2006), random forest (Lee et al., 2019; Park et al., 2013), and 
maximum entropy modeling (Maxent) (Hirata et al., 2017; Ikegami and 
Jenkins,  2018).  Machine  learning  methods  help  researchers  to  effec-
tively manage complex and nonlinear ecological data as a tool for data 
exploration, prediction of ecological patterns, and pattern recognition 
(Humphries et al., 2018).

Insect forest risk assessment is important to effectively manage insect 
pests, as it promotes efficient identification of hazardous forest condi-
tions and development of strategies for their control by providing in-
formation on pest occurrence patterns (Choi et al., 2017; Mason, 1985; 
Park  et  al.,  2013).  There  are  various  approaches  to  hazard  rating  for 
various  insect  pests  in  forest  ecosystems.  Recently,  machine  learning 
methods  have  been  successfully  used  to  evaluate  the  risk  of  invasive 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: parkys@khu.ac.kr (Y.-S. Park).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2021.101378 
Received 20 April 2021; Received in revised form 9 June 2021; Accepted 25 July 2021

Differences were also observed for the comparison between model 
outputs. The RF model showed a more conservative distribution of the 
probabilities  of  PWD  occurrence  than  the  Maxent  model.  However, 
these differences were very small for the same site (i.e., the same cell in 
the map). Therefore, we developed an ensemble model by integrating 
the RF and the Maxent models. The ensemble technique is frequently 
used  to  address  machine  learning  problems,  such  as  confidence  esti-
mation and error correction (Polikar, 2012). By integrating the models, 
each  model  acted  in  a  complementary  manner  and  generated  better 
results.  The  ensemble  model  in  this  study  showed  a  highly  improved 
power of prediction, compared to the corresponding power of either the 
RF or the Maxent model. 

4.3. Enhancement of management and control to prevent the pine wilt 
disease

modeling. R package. 

Hirata, A., Nakamura, K., Nakao, K., Kominami, Y., Tanaka, N., Ohashi, H., Takano, K.T., 
Takeuchi, W., Matsui, T., 2017. Potential distribution of pine wilt disease under 
future climate change scenarios. PLoS One 12, e0182837. 

Humphries, G.R.W., Magness, D.R., Huettmann, F., (eds), 2018. Machine Learning for 

Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, Cham.  

Ikegami, M., Jenkins, T.A., 2018. Estimate global risks of a forest disease under current 
and future climates using species distribution model and simple thermal model–pine 
wilt disease as a model case. For. Ecol. Manag. 409, 343–352. 

Iordache, M.-D., Mantas, V., Baltazar, E., Pauly, K., Lewyckyj, N., 2020. A machine 

learning approach to detecting pine wilt disease using airborne spectral imagery. 
Remote Sens. 12, 2280.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no specific information about the evaluation metrics used for the deep learning model. However, common metrics used to evaluate the performance of deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, and area under the curve (AUC). Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions out of total predictions made. Precision measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all positive predictions made. Recall measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of actual positives. F1 score is the harmonic mean of precision and recall. ROC curve plots the true positive rate against the false positive rate, while AUC represents the degree of separability between classes. These metrics can be used individually or combined to provide a comprehensive evaluation of the model's performance.