Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

our study, is due to the deep learning method’s loss function, which is 
biased toward overrepresented classes. This represents a performance 
barrier for any study using semantic segmentation with few images and 
high class-imbalance.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

Since the multi-class (i.e. 10 classes) semantic segmentation problem 
is quite complex, the set of 290 training images was found to be insuf-
ficient to obtain satisfactory results, even with the use of the transfer 
learning framework. Therefore, we employed data augmentation stra-
tegies to increase the training set size fourfold: horizontal flip, Gaussian 
noise  addition,  and  contrast  reduction.  The  first  two  augmentation 
strategies are fairly common. The contrast reduction strategy was spe-
cifically motivated by our application, namely given that we expect the 
images  to  contain  shadows  occluding  the  vegetation  types,  contrast 
reduction helps to simulate areas of low lighting which can be expected 
in the dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors took several measures to ensure the generalizability of their deep learning model. Firstly, they collected field measurements at three different field sites - Pelican Mountain (PM), Calling Lake (CL), and Conklin (CK). They used manual classification of fuel types for semantic segmentation training and testing, but this was limited to data collected at PM and CL. However, they used field measurement data and raw photos from the CK field site solely for independent validation. This suggests that they aimed to test their model on unseen data to evaluate its performance. Secondly, they employed data augmentation strategies such as horizontal flipping, adding Gaussian noise, and reducing contrast to increase the size of their training set fourfold. These techniques help prevent overfitting and improve the model's ability to generalize to new data. Lastly, it appears that they used the R programming language and environment for statistical computing, which provides tools for cross-validation and stratified sampling. Although the paper does not explicitly mention these methods, it is likely that they were implemented during the development and evaluation of the deep learning model.