Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

respectively.  N  represented  the  number  of  images  in  the  test  set  or 
validation set. 

2.2.6. Model training and hyper-parameters 

We  trained  models  on  the  training  sets  and  tracked  the  model 
training process on the validation set. The training process was stopped 
when  the  loss  value  of  the  model  on  the  validation  set  no  longer 
decreased. We then tested the model performance on the test set. Our 
computing platform was a Dell PowerEdge C4130 rack server with two 
Tesla  K80  GPUs  and  256  GB  of  memory.  For  the  deep  learning  envi-
ronment,  we  utilized  the  PyTorch  1.7.1  platform.  We  employed  the 
Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) optimizer with a momentum value of 
μ  = 0.9 to train the model. Other hyper-parameter settings for model 
training were shown in Table S.4 of the Supporting Information. 

3. Results 

3.1. Experiment results of transfer strategy optimization

Fig. 8. The accuracies of transfer learning models on the test set and the corresponding binomial test probability value when models were transferred from the 
S_10_10 dataset to the LSM dataset. (a) Accuracies of models under different transfer strategies. The abscissa represented the training set sample size (in thousands of 
images). (b) The binomial test probability values between the best-performing transfer strategy and other transfer strategies. The TFS meant that the model was 
trained from scratch. The TLS_i (i = 1, 2, …, 5) represented that different layers of the ResNext-101 model were selected for updating. A probability value <0.05 
indicated a significant difference. 

3.2. Experimental results of source model optimization 

(100,000, 500,000, and 1 million) and number of classes (binary-class 
and ten-class) on the SS dataset.

Fig. 7. The accuracies of transfer learning models on the test set and the corresponding binomial test probability value when models were transferred from the S_2_10 
dataset to the LSM dataset. (a) Accuracies of models under different transfer strategies. The abscissa represented the training set sample size (in thousands of images). 
(b) The binomial test probability values between the best-performing transfer strategy and other transfer strategies. The TFS meant that the model was trained from 
scratch. The TLS_i (i = 1, 2, …, 5) represented that different layers of the ResNext-101 model were selected for updating. A probability value <0.05 indicated a 
significant difference.

(2)  Source model optimization 

Fig. 2. Five different transfer learning strategies. The light purple layers and 
the green layers represented the fixed layers and updating layers respectively. 
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is 
referred to the web version of this article.) 

The main  objective  of  this  experiment  was  to  investigate how  the 
source model affects the performance of the transfer learning model. We 
focused on two key aspects of the source domain training set used to 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025274D.-Q. Yang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 4. Source model optimization experiment scheme.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To monitor the model performance during training, the authors trained their models on the training sets and tracked the model training process on the validation set. They stopped the training process when the loss value of the model on the validation set no longer decreased. Afterward, they tested the model performance on the test set. This approach allowed them to ensure that the model did not overfit the training data and could generalize well to unseen data.

Reference(s):
[1] D.-Q. Yang et al., Ecological Informatics 80 (2024) 102527