Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦

augmentation  techniques  were  used  to  artificially  create  a  larger 
training  set  by  randomly  flipping  each  input  image  horizontally  and 
vertically with a probability of 0.5 each and rotating the images by up to 
180
.  Weighted  cross-entropy  was  used  as  the  loss  function  and  the 
stochastic  gradient  descent  optimization  algorithm  was  used  to  mini-
mize the loss function. The model accuracy was assessed after each full 
training set iteration (epoch), quantifying the proportion of correct class 
predictions out of the total predictions made. Precision was determined 
as  the  ratio  of  correct  predictions  to  the  total  number  of  predictions, 
encompassing both false and accurate ones. Recall, on the other hand, 
measured the ratio of correct predictions to the total number of pixels 
that should be assigned to that specific class.

et al., 2023; Hodgson et al., 2018; Ventura et al., 2018). These two deep 
learning approaches require initial ground-truth datasets consisting of 
annotated images, which are used to train a model that iteratively im-
proves  by  evaluating  its  output  against the  provided  annotations  and 
adjusting its parameters to match the desired output. Once trained, the 
models can be applied to new datasets for automatic classification, of-
fering  flexibility  and  power  by  learning  directly  from  image  output. 
Recent advancements in open-source user frameworks have made deep 
learning more accessible (Christin et al., 2019; Paszke et al., 2019; Perry 
et al., 2022). With this study, we aim to further stimulate the uptake of 
deep  learning  techniques  in  ecology  and  conservation  by  providing 
open-access scripts that can be adapted to various ecosystems, including 
challenging coastal environments.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025802R.K. James et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 1. Workflow used to (a) select a deep learning model, (b) develop a ground-truth imagery dataset, (c) train the deep learning models, (d & e) evaluate model 
performance and (f & g) obtain the data and analyse it to quantify the spatial patterns and resilience of the ecosystem. 

2.3. Deep learning models 

2.3.1. Semantic segmentation for vegetation mapping

Data availability 

The deep learning and post-processing scripts along with the 2012 
aerial  imagery  and  data  output  used  in  this  study  can  be  found  at 
https://git.wur. 
nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring. 

Acknowledgments

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline include random horizontal and vertical flipping of input images with a probability of 0.5 each, and rotation of images by up to 180 degrees. These techniques were used to artificially create a larger training set.

Reference(s):
[R.K. James et al.]

Answer:::
Answer: The data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline include random horizontal and vertical flipping of input images with a probability of 0.5 each, and rotation of images by up to 180 degrees. These techniques were used to artificially create a larger training set.

Reference(s): [R.K. James et al.]