Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Machine learning for inferring animal behavior from location and
movement data

T

Guiming Wang

Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mail stop 9690, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Behavioral classiﬁcation
Computational ecology
Hidden Markov model
Movement ecology
State space model
Supervised learning algorithm
Unsupervised learning algorithm

neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests,
and support vector machines, and demonstrated their applications in
the supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data.
Brewster et al. (2018) applied six other supervised classiﬁers to classify
the behaviors of lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) at Bimini, Ba-
hamas using ACC data. This study will brieﬂy describe two popular
machine learning algorithms random forests and support vector ma-
chines for the introductory purpose.

5. Summary

Both unsupervised and supervised machine learning algorithms
have been applied to infer behaviors of animals from movement data

Fig. 7. Schematic representation of supervising learning methods.

patterns during the sampling bursts (Brown et al., 2013; Martiskainen
et al., 2009; Nathan et al., 2012).

(Brown et al., 2013). A key diﬀerence between the two approaches is
that unsupervised learning does not use the observations of pre-deﬁned
behaviors to label movement metrics such as step length, turning angle,
and altitude (of ﬂying birds) for classiﬁcation of general behavioral
modes such as foraging or encamping and taxi or straight, long-distance
movement. On the other hand, supervised learning has training data,
which include behavioral observation as the labels of movement me-
trics. In many cases, the labels are the predeﬁned behaviors of interest
and allow researchers to quantify the spatial and temporal distributions
of speciﬁc behaviors during daily, seasonal, or annual cycles. However,
behavioral labels or observations are almost impossible in some species
such as those living in deep water or unavailable in secretive species or
less studied species. Furthermore, supervised learning requires a vali-
dation of classiﬁcations using additional behavioral observations. The

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training deep learning models, such as GPUs or TPUs. It primarily focuses on describing various machine learning algorithms like neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests, and support vector machines, along with their application in supervised learning of animal behavior based on accelerometer data. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which hardware resources were utilized for training these models based solely on this context.