Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Then we get the model architecture. For the sake of illustration, we use a resnet18 here, but we used
a resnet50 to get the full results presented in the main text.

learn <- cnn_learner(dls = dls,

arch = resnet18(),
metrics = list(accuracy, error_rate))

Now we are ready to train our model. Again, for the sake of illustration, we use only 2 epochs here,
but used 20 epochs to get the full results presented in the main text. With all pictures and a resnet50,
it took 75 minutes per epoch approximatively on a Mac with a 2.4Ghz processor and 64Go memory,
and less than half an hour on a machine with GPU. On this reduced dataset, it took a bit more than
a minute per epoch on the same Mac. Note that we save the model after each epoch for later use.

one_cycle <- learn %>%

fit_one_cycle(2, cbs = SaveModelCallback(every_epoch = TRUE,

fname = 'model'))

0.00%

train_loss

epoch
------ -----------
Epoch
1/2
|
Epoch
|
Epoch
|
Epoch
|

valid_loss
-----------
:
[0/36
:
[1/36
:
[2/36
:
[3/36

2

Here, we showcase a full why-what-how workflow in R using a case study on the structure of an
ecological community (a set of co-occurring species) composed of the Eurasian lynx (Lynx lynx)
and its two main preys. First, we introduce the case study and motivate the need for deep learning.
Second we illustrate deep learning for the identification of animal species in large amounts of images,
including model training and validation with a dataset of labelled images, and prediction with a
new dataset of unlabelled images. Last, we proceed with the quantification of spatial co-occurrence
using statistical models.

2 Collecting images with camera traps

This result calls for further work on the trade-offs between time and resources allocated to train
models with deep learning and our ability to correctly answer key ecological questions with camera-
trap surveys. In other words, while a computer scientist might be keen on spending time training
models to achieve top performances, an ecologist would rather rely on a model showing average
performances and use this time to proceed with statistical analyses if, of course, errors in computer-
annotated images do not make ecological inference flawed. The right balance may be found with
collaborative projects in which scientists from artificial intelligence, statistics and ecology agree on
a common objective, and identify research questions that can pick the interest of all parties.

Deep learning is used in computer vision problems with important applications in several
scientific fields. In ecology for example, there is a growing interest in deep learning for autom-
atizing repetitive analyses on large amounts of images, such as animal species identification.
However, there are challenging issues toward the wide adoption of deep learning by the commu-
nity of ecologists. First, there is a programming barrier as most algorithms are written in Python
while most ecologists are versed in R. Second, recent applications of deep learning in ecology
have focused on computational aspects and simple tasks without addressing the underlying eco-
logical questions or carrying out the statistical data analysis to answer these questions. Here, we
showcase a reproducible R workflow integrating both deep learning and statistical models using
predator-prey relationships as a case study. We illustrate deep learning for the identification of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not provide details about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. It mentions that the model was trained on a Mac with a 2.4GHz processor and 64GB memory, and also refers to another machine with a GPU. However, no explicit mention is made regarding the deployment platform, whether it is AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other cloud service provider. Therefore, based on the available information, I cannot determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model.