Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

individuals	by	training	deep	learning	models	to	predict	diving	in	European	shags,	

common	guillemots	and	razorbills.	We	validate	our	predictions	using	withheld	data,	

producing	 quantitative	 assessment	 of	 predictive	 accuracy.	 The	 variables	 used	 to	

Handling	Editor:	Jana	McPherson

train	these	models	are	those	recorded	solely	by	the	GPS	device:	variation	in	longi-

tude	and	latitude,	altitude	and	coverage	ratio	(proportion	of	possible	fixes	acquired	

within	a	set	window	of	time).

3.	 Different	combinations	of	these	variables	were	used	to	explore	the	qualities	of	differ-

ent	models,	with	the	optimum	models	for	all	species	predicting	non-diving	and	diving	

behaviour	correctly	over	94%	and	80%	of	the	time,	respectively.	We	also	demonstrate	

the	superior	predictive	ability	of	these	supervised	deep	learning	models	over	other	

commonly	used	behavioural	prediction	methods	such	as	hidden	Markov	models.

Received:	30	June	2017  |  Accepted:	13	October	2017
DOI:	10.1111/2041-210X.12926

R E S E A R C H   A R T I C L E

Predicting animal behaviour using deep learning: GPS data 
alone accurately predict diving in seabirds

Ella Browning1,2  | Mark Bolton3 | Ellie Owen4 | Akiko Shoji5 | Tim Guilford5 |  
Robin Freeman2

1Centre	for	Biodiversity	and	Environment	
Research,	University	College	London,	London,	
UK

2Institute	of	Zoology,	Zoological	Society	of	
London,	London,	UK

3RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Sandy,	Bedfordshire,	UK

4RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Inverness,	UK

5Department	of	Zoology,	Oxford	University,	
Oxford,	UK

Correspondence
Ella	Browning
Email:	ella.browning.14@ucl.ac.uk 
and
Robin Freeman
Email:	robin.freeman@ioz.ac.uk

Funding information
Natural	Environment	Research	Council,	Grant/
Award	Number:	NE/L002485/1

Abstract

1.	 To	 prevent	 further	 global	 declines	 in	 biodiversity,	 identifying	 and	 understanding	 key

tential	for	using	deep	learning	methods	in	predictive	animal	behaviour	

Xbar/Ybar	have	predictive	utility	(see	Appendices	S5,S6).	Altitude	was	

studies,	but	conclude	that	they	must	be	packaged	more	accessibly	be-

included	in	the	models	as	it	may	contain	useful	dive	information,	but	

fore	wider	uptake.	We	argue	that	this	is	no	longer	a	barrier	and	deep	

inaccurate	 altitudes	 (often	 found	 with	 GPS	 devices)	 may	 make	 pre-

learning	 models	 may	 be	 relatively	 easily	 implemented	 using	 existing	

dictions	here	harder.	However,	it	seems	clear	that	combining	altitude	

r	packages	and	hope	there	will	be	further	studies	using	this	method.

with	 other	variables	 produces	 robust	 models	 that	 can	 predict	 more	

As	the	cost	and	size	of	GPS	devices	decreases,	there	is	an	ever-	

accurately.	 We	 hypothesised	 that	 coverage	 would	 be	 a	 powerful	

growing	 archive	 of	 GPS	 tracking	 data	 (see	 Kays	 et	al.,	 2015	 for	 a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide specific details about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that different combinations of variables were used to explore the qualities of different models. This suggests that feature selection or engineering might have been employed to improve model performance and potentially mitigate any biases in the dataset. Additionally, the authors validate their predictions using withheld data, which is a common practice to ensure that the models generalize well to unseen data and avoid overfitting. While the paper does not explicitly mention stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection, these techniques could still be relevant for addressing data bias in similar studies involving deep learning models.

Based on the given context, we cannot determine if the researchers specifically addressed data bias through methods such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, they did employ various combinations of variables to optimize their models and validated their results using withheld data. These practices help ensure the reliability and applicability of their findings.