Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

4. Discussion

is the FFT window size. We opted for a larger FFT window size, which 
should  improve  the  resolution  at  lower  frequencies  on  which  cows 
vocalize. Finally, while Karmiris et al. (2021) used the same settings for 
detecting  the  three  ungulate  species  (e.g.,  their  minimum  frequency 
introduced  for  detecting  cow  vocalization  was  much  higher,  500  Hz, 
than the mean minimum frequency measured in our dataset, approxi-
mately 250 Hz), we fitted cow-specific parameters in the model, which 
could also partly explain why our model detected a much larger number 
of cow vocalizations.

Future  studies  that  aim  to  decrease  the  error  rate  of  algorithms 
developed  using  Kaleidoscope  may  create  advanced  recognizers  after 
manually labeling the events. Likewise, more research should evaluate 
the feasibility of using more sophisticated methods for automated cattle 
detection,  such  as  convolutional  neural  networks  or  deep  learning 

(Gupta et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Indeed, the development of 
supervised machine learning algorithms has already proven to be very 
effective for ungulate detection (Avots et al., 2022).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. However, it mentions that future studies could use more sophisticated methods like convolutional neural networks (CNNs) or deep learning techniques for automated cattle detection. This suggests that these types of models might be suitable for this task but doesn't confirm they were actually used in the described work.