Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Downloading the records 

The  following  variables  were  imported  for  each  record:1)  type  of 
content (dataset, data study, software, or repository), 2) data source (the 
source  from  which  the  data  were  obtained),  and  3)  Web  of  Science 
category of the data source (i.e. multidisciplinary agriculture, ecology, 
biodiversity conservation, and environmental sciences). 

The bibliographic information collected using the DCI for each re-
cord  includes  authors/creators,  year  of  publication  (the  collected  re-
cords  were  published  from  1900  to  the  present),  title  of  the  dataset, 
publisher (understood as the repository in which the data are deposited 
or the organisation responsible for making the data available), version, 
and permanent identifier (e.g. a unique URL, databank accession num-
ber, or another permanent identifier such as Handle (hdl) (http://www. 
handle.net/)).

* Dataset: A single or coherent set of data (or a data file) provided by the 
repository as part of a collection, data study, or experiment. These can be of 
multiple file formats such as spreadsheet, video, and audio. Datasets may have 
cited references or can be citable, but more commonly they inherit metadata of 
the overall study. 

** Data study: A description of studies or experiments held in repositories 
with the associated data used in the data study. These are linked to a repository 
and may optionally link to a dataset relating to the more granular data files. 
Data studies can be a citable object in the literature and may have cited ref-
erences attached in their metadata together with information on such aspects 
as  the  principal  investigators,  funding  information,  subject  terms  and 
geographic coverage.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1021262FigshareZenodoDryadAg Data CommonsKNB Data RepositoryZALF Open Research DataAEDACSIRO Data Access PortalOTHERS2.992.922.011.55L. Petrosyan et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 3. Number of datasets per top 15 WOS categories.  

Table 2 
Number of records per content typea.  

Content type 

Dataset* 
Data study** 
Software*** 

Total 

3433 
2768 
87 

% 

54,6 
44 
1,4  

a A description of the different types of content can be found at https://res 

earchguides.drake.edu/ld.php?content_id=58803678.

Regarding the WOS categories to which the data belong, with the 
exception of “multidisciplinary sciences” because of its broad coverage, 
the  second  category  in  terms  of  the  amount  of  data  is  “agriculture, 
multidisciplinary”, which is directly related to the field of agriculture. If 
we focus on the following categories, the most common are those that 
are  traditionally  identified  with  the  practice  of  data  sharing,  such  as 
those related to ecology and the environment or meteorology (Bergh-
mans et al., 2017; Nature Communications, 2018; Sieber, 2015). 

Regarding the sources of data, of the 30 repositories detected, the 
most  frequent  were  Figshare,  Zenodo,  and  Dryad,  all  of  which  were 
considered  multidisciplinary  or  generalist.  There  are  several  possible 
explanations  for  this  observation.  Within  the  context of  data  sharing, 
these  three  repositories  have  a  long  history,  making  them  more

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that datasets can be of multiple file formats such as spreadsheets, videos, and audios. Therefore, we can infer that the deep learning pipeline might use various data formats like images, audio, video, and CSV depending on the nature of the problem being solved.

Answer:::