Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

also other bivalve species and other locations. This may go so far as even 
including  bivalves  in  offshore  environments.  Overall,  this  would 
improve bioenergetic models, where clearance and respiration terms are 
inherently  linked  with  gaping.  The  current  formulations  of  models 
however do not account for linkages with food, aside from considering a 
half saturation constant, nor the different degrees of daily oscillations. 
Further  experimentation,  under  constrained  lab  conditions,  linking 
gaping activity with actual clearance rate and respiration rates under 
different  settings  will  also  help  devising  indices  that  could  be  then 
extrapolated to use gaping directly in the models. An indication of en-
ergy consumption during valve movement would also be useful to infer 
the  consequences of  having  a more or less  pronounced  amplitudes of 
gaping, to better formulate this term in energetic based growth models.

These may be inferred by combining more mechanistic models with the 
empirical laboratory experiments (e.g. Guarini et al., 2021). Given the 
availability of sensors and the fast development of technology, having 
big-data on valve gaping from a few sentinel organisms together with 
temperature  and  chlorophyll,  becomes  more  and  more  feasible  these 
days. Having such big-data should improve predictions on productivity, 
and be a major aid for aquaculture decision making, for multiple areas 
and species, especially in the context of ‘precision shellfish farming’. 

Funding

gaping is linked to key metabolic functions like filtering water necessary 
for feeding and respiration.

Ciavatta, S., Pastres, R., Badetti, C., Ferrari, G., Beck, M.B., 2008. Estimation of 

phytoplanktonic production and system respiration from data collected by a real- 
time monitoring network in the lagoon of Venice. Ecol. Model. 212, 28–36. https:// 
doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2007.10.025. 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016597C. Bertolini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Clements, J.C., Comeau, L.A., Carver, C.E., Mayrand, ´E., Plante, S., Mallet, A.L., 2018. 
Short-term exposure to elevated pCO2 does not affect the valve gaping response of 
adult eastern oysters, Crassostrea virginica, to acute heat shock under an ad libitum 
feeding regime. J. Exp. Mar. Biol. Ecol. 506, 9–17. https://doi.org/10.1016/J. 
JEMBE.2018.05.005.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information regarding the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline.