Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Segmentation and classiﬁcation strategies in eCognition are still
rapidly evolving; methods and rule sets for automatically selecting
segmentation parameters are under development (Dragut et al.,
2010, 2014; Martha et al., 2012), but there is not yet consensus on
best practices. Better classiﬁcations, which could then better capture
the process of interest, may be possible as these tools develop fur-
ther. Machine learning techniques are being brought together with

M.V. Eitzel et al. / Ecological Informatics 31 (2016) 100–111

109

segmentation to more automatically classify images (Nancy Thomas,
personal communication). This set of approaches with historical im-
agery could become more powerful as new methods are developed.
We do caution that even with machine learning, some supervision
and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or
other data sources are still necessary (Sexton et al., 2015).

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

2.3. Pre-processing of imagery

direction)

4. Plan curvature (in the direction of no change in elevation)
5. Proﬁle curvature (in the direction of steepest descent/ascent)
6.

‘Northness,’ the cosine of aspect (measured from north, with ‘1’
indicating north and ‘−1’ indicating south) and
‘Eastness,’ the sine of aspect (‘1’ indicating east and ‘−1’ indicating
west) as used in (Levick and Rogers, 2011)
‘Heat load index,’ calculated as 1 − cos(θ − 45) / 2 where θ is the
aspect in degrees (Stoddard and Hayes, 2005)

7.

8.

9. Solar radiation (insolation) as calculated in ArcGIS's solar radiation

calculator (ESRI, 2013)

10. Distance to the nearest ridge (using the ‘ﬂowdir’ tool in ArcGIS)
11. Distance to the ‘prairie’ class (reﬂecting the distance to the forest

edge; using the ‘Near’ tool in ArcGIS)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hyperparameters used in any deep learning model. The text discusses segmentation and classification strategies in eCognition, including the use of machine learning techniques for image classification. However, it does not mention any details regarding the implementation of a deep learning model, such as the choice of learning rate, optimizer, or other hyperparameters. Therefore, based on the provided context, I cannot determine what hyperparameters were used in the deep learning model.