Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

A key element of data integration is enabling the use and citation of 
that  integrated  data.  In  this  paper,  we  have  considered  several  ap-
proaches (Scalable Dynamic Data Citation, data collections, data papers) 
that attempt to address some of the challenges. However, there is still a 
need  to  systematically  evaluate  the  complex  socio-technical  issues 
around data producers and data consumers. Data producers are quickly 
becoming  an  important  fabric  of  the  complex  scientific  ecosystem 
enabling  new  modeling  and  machine  learning/artificial  intelligence 

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012516D.A. Agarwal et al.

Projects like AmeriFlux, WFSFA, and NGEE-Tropics each have many 
different  teams  working  in  the  field  and  producing  large  numbers  of 
high-quality,  multi-disciplinary  data  packages.  Integrating  these 
together as one product can only be achieved if the data usage policies 
are compatible and the data producers can receive appropriate credit for 
their data. For example, when individual network datasets are included 
in the FLUXNET dataset they will be released under a FLUXNET data 
usage policy, the agreed data usage policy is a factor determining which 
regional datasets will be able to be included. When the FLUXNET data 
usage policy is incompatible with the network policy, often data can’t be 
included.  In  cases  where  the  data  are  considered  high-value  the  data 
producers are reluctant to lose the direct credit to their data. In addition, 
new data versions are uploaded regularly due to collection of new data,

2.1. ESS-DIVE 

The  ESS-DIVE  repository  stores  data  from  research  funded  by  the 
DOE’s  Biological  and  Environmental  Research  (BER)  Environmental 
Systems Science (ESS) program. The ESS-DIVE data repository provides 
long-term  data storage  and access,  and  is  working  toward supporting 
FAIR data principles (Varadharajan et al., 2018). Each data package has 
a DOI either assigned or obtained by the data producer before it is stored 
in ESS-DIVE. There are important features in development in ESS-DIVE - 
project portals and the Fusion Database. Project portals are a feature, 
allowing a set of data packages to be grouped together with explanatory 
web  pages  and  data  search/access  on  that  set.  The  Fusion  Database

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, I cannot determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model since no details about the deployment platform were mentioned.