Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

Fig. 2 summarizes a series of processes in designing a deep-learning 
architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool. Subsequent sections will 
provide a comprehensive description of each section. 

2.1. Data collection

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using honey bee flight activity data and a deep learning model as a 
toxicovigilance tool 

Ulises Olivares-Pinto a, C´edric Alaux b, Yves Le Conte b, Didier Crauser b, Alberto Prado a,* 
a Escuela Nacional de Estudios Superiores Unidad Juriquilla, Universidad Nacional Aut´onoma de M´exico, Blvd. Juriquilla 3001, 76230, Juriquilla, Quer´etaro, Mexico 
b INRAE, Abeilles et Environnement, Avignon, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Honeybee flight activity 
Toxicovigilance 
Neurotoxic pesticides 
Recurrent neural network

Machine learning coupled with big data technology has permeated 
agriculture  to  inform  crop,  livestock,  and  water  management  (Liakos 
et  al.,  2018).  For  example,  previous  studies  have  successfully  used 
artificial  intelligence  to  analyze  and  classify  animal  behavior  (Klean-
thous et al., 2022), and evaluate animal well-being (McLennan et al., 
2015).  Furthermore,  the  use  of  neural  networks  or  deep  learning  ar-
chitectures has significantly increased for solving entomological prob-
lems  (Marinho  et  al.,  2023;Peng  and  Wang,  2022;  Tuda  and  Luna- 
Maldonado,  2020).  For  example,  Convolutional  Neural  Networks 
(CNN)  have  been  applied  to  the  classification  of  fruit  fly  pupae  as 
parasitized or healthy (Marinho et al., 2023) and the recognition of in-
sect  pest  species  (Peng  and  Wang,  2022;  Tuda  and  Luna-Maldonado, 
2020).  Regarding  honey  bees,  recent  studies  have  proposed  deep

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026539U. Olivares-Pinto et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information on where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only describes the methodology used in designing a deep-learning architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool using honey bee flight activity data. To find out where the code repository is located, one would need to contact the authors directly or search for it on popular code repositories such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket.