Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Practically, over/underﬁtting diﬃculties in neural net-
work models are caused by the neural network model’s
excessive/insuﬃcient training epochs [43]. As a result, one
possible solution to the DL-based model’s over/underﬁtting
concerns is to apply the early stopping strategy [44], which is
used to cease training when generalisation performance
starts to degrade for a number of epochs. To track the
generalisation performance,
in the proposed model, the
training data is separated into training and validation
groups.

+e dropout approach [45] is another way to deal with
the overﬁtting problem. Dropout is a regularisation strategy
that allows you to train neural networks with alternative
topologies in parallel by randomly dropping out a certain
proportion of layer neurons. Dropout is indicated by the
black neurons in the fully connected layers, as seen in
Figure 3.

Data CollectionPre-Processing&ConstructionLagHyperparam- OptiDatapreprocessingHyperparametertuningTraining &ValidationModelValidationModelpredection &deploymentModeltrainingKOREA HYDROGRAPHIC ANDOCEANOGRAPHIC AGENCY 8483, 2021, 1, Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1155/2021/8551167 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseComputational Intelligence and Neuroscience

7

Figure 3: Stacked GRU-DNN model.

Table 1: +e search space of the GRU-DNN model hyperparameters.

Hyperparameters
No. of GRU cells
No. of FC layers
No. of FC layers’ units
Hidden layers activation
Batch size
Droupout rate of FC layers

Value
[4, 8, 16]
[1, 2]
[4, 8, 16]
[Relu, Linear]
[4, 8, 16]
[0.0, 0.1, 0.2]

+is paper aims to predict the SST and the SWH for the
Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset.
+e proposed work is motivated by comparing the statistical,
machine learning, and deep learning models to understand
the performance gap of these models. +e results of this
work should provide scientiﬁc evidence on which model ﬁts
better the marine data. To anticipate the marine features
eﬃciently, the employed deep learning model combines the
gated recurrent units (GRU) with the regular neural net-
work. In the proposed architecture, the GRU layer is pre-
ceded by an input layer and followed by a fully connected
layer. As a result, the predicted values can be produced from
the output layer. To our knowledge, this is the ﬁrst use of a
GRU model architecture for forecasting SST and SWH.
Besides, four diﬀerent ML models have been utilized in the
current study, namely, Linear Regression (LR), Decision
Tree (DT), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and Random

+e discussion of the existing methods shows that there
is no comparison of the diﬀerent methods (i.e., machine
learning, deep learning, and statistical models) in terms of
prediction accuracy. +us, there is a need to study the
performance gap of these methods for predicting marine
data.

4. Methodology

In this work, we proposed a set of predictive models which
are based on three diﬀerent approaches (i.e., machine
learning, deep learning, and statistical). +e proposed ge-
neric framework is composed of three stages: data gathering,
preprocessing, and machine learning model deployment.
+is system makes use of the Korea Hydrographic and
Oceanographic Agency dataset (available at: https://www.
khoa.go.kr/eng/). +e data collection stage targets collecting
vital marine features via installed sea sensors. +e obtained
data is preprocessed and ﬁne-tuned for the purpose of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the specific process used to deploy the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection. However, it does indicate that the proposed work involves comparing statistical, machine learning, and deep learning models to determine their performance gaps in predicting marine data. The proposed generic framework consists of three stages: data gathering, preprocessing, and machine learning model deployment. It uses the Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency dataset and employs a deep learning model combining gated recurrent units (GRU) with a regular neural network. The GRU layer is preceded by an input layer and followed by a fully connected layer, allowing the prediction of values from the output layer. Although the exact method of model deployment is not specified, it can be inferred that the final step of the framework would involve deploying the chosen model(s) after completing the necessary training and evaluation processes.