Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Neural architecture search (NAS) was used for developing the Effi-
cientNetV2B0 model, and for the optimization of parameter efficiency 
and  training  speed  (Tan  and  Le,  2021).  The  model  performance  was 
improved  using  progressive  learning  to  adapt  regularization  to  the 
image size (Tan and Le, 2021). EfficientNetV2 is a family of models (B0 
to B7), and B0 is the smallest variant in the family (Keras, n.d), with the 
other  models  progressively  increasing  in  performance  going  up  to 
EfficientNetV2B7.

3.5. Hyperparameter optimization 

The model training process determines the values for the trainable 
parameters  of  a  model,  e.g.,  Table  4 shows  the  size  of  the  model pa-
rameters. In addition, a DNN model also has other parameters that need 
to be selected, e.g., batch size, that determines the model performance. 
The  model  parameters  define  the  model  and  are  termed  as  hyper-
parameters. Each hyperparameter has a range of values, from which an 
optimum  selection  can  improve  the  model  performance.  The  model 
hyperparameters could be in hundreds, presenting a very large search 
space, but these differ in their relative importance. The common ones for 
a DNN are learning rate, batch size, and dropout.

Vision Transformers (ViT) (Dosovitskiy et al., 2021) are based on an 
alternative attention-based model design rather than CNN. The trans-
former  architecture was first applied on Natural Language Processing 
(NLP)  problems.  The  recent  ground-breaking  research  outputs  of 
Generative  Pre-trained  Transformer  (GPT)  and  Bidirectional  Encoder 
Representations from Transformers (BERT) are all based on the trans-
former architecture. The concepts of attention were later applied to the 
image classification problems as Vision Transformers (Dosovitskiy et al., 
2021). The transformers use the relationship between words, termed as 
attention, whereas the vision transformers determine relationships be-
tween patches of images. ViT have since achieved performance similar 
to convolution-based architectures. There are many vision transformer 
architectures for image classification but we chose MobileViT (Mehta 
and Rastegari, 2022) models proposed as a small model for embedded

6. Conclusion and future work 

In this paper, we have shown that through transfer learning with fine 
tuning,  the  performance  of  state-of-the-art  deep  learning  models  can 
improve  animal  classification  results  in  the field  on-board  low  power 
customized  camera  trap  on  edge  devices.  The  Deep  Neural  Network 
model  selection  has  the  trade-offs  concerning  the  model  size,  model 
performance,  model  training  and 
inference  time,  computations 
complexity,  and  ease  of  use.  Therefore,  the  studies  can  benefit  by 
considering these trade-offs to select a model depending on the appli-
cation performance requirements. The model comparison showed that 
EfficientNetB0  had  the  best  performance  amongst  the  selected  small 
sized models. The need for a human-in-the-loop would always remain to 
validate the model performance and predictions.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is not explicitly stated. However, it can be inferred that the model is used for image classification tasks, specifically for animal classification in the field on customized camera traps. This is evident from the statement mentioning "animal classification results" and "camera trap." Additionally, the comparison of different models such as EfficientNetB0 suggests that the focus is on selecting a suitable model for this specific task.