Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

results in an unchanged expected activation in the fol-
lowing  convolutional  layers.  Furthermore,  we  nor-
malize all input channels (red, green, blue, and depth)
by subtracting the respective mean and dividing by the
respective standard deviation over the whole dataset.
We also introduce a feature fusion module to combine
the extracted features from both backbones using one
3 × 3 convolution per FPN scale and reduce the num-
ber of channels from 2 × 256 to 256. This allows us to
use weights pre-trained on the Microsoft COCO data-
set [24] for the region proposal network (RPN) classi-
fier and mask head. Fig. 4 illustrates the general archi-
tecture of the resulting D-Mask R-CNN architecture.
We  restrict  our  evaluation  of  D-Mask  R-CNN  to
instances of deers as it is the most common species in our
RGB-D dataset. We quantify the results of D-Mask R-
CNN using the average precision (AP), AP50, and AP75
metrics as defined by the Microsoft COCO dataset [24].

15. K. He, G. Gkioxari, P. Dollár, and R. Girshick, “Mask R-
CNN,” in Proceedings of the IEEE International Confer-
ence on Computer Vision (ICCV) (2017), pp. 2961–2969.
16. K. He, X. Zhang, S. Ren, and J. Sun, “Deep residual
learning for image recognition,” in IEEE Conference on
Computer  Vision  and  Pattern  Recognition  (CVPR)
(2016), pp. 770–778.

17. E. J. Howe, S. T. Buckland, M. L. Després-Einspen-
ner, and H. S. Kühl, “Distance sampling with camera
traps,” Methods Ecol. Evol. 8 (11), 1558–1565 (2017).
18. A. K. Kalan et al., “Towards the automated detection
and  occupancy  estimation  of  primates  using  passive
acoustic monitoring,” Ecol. Indic. 54, 217–226 (2015).
19. L.  Keselman,  J.  Iselin  Woodfill,  A.  Grunnet-Jepsen,
and A. Bhowmik, “Intel real-sense stereoscopic depth
cameras,”  in  Proceedings  of  the  IEEE  Conference  on
Computer  Vision  and  Pattern  Recognition  Workshops
(CVPR-WS) (2017), pp. 1–10.

32. M. Simon, E. Rodner, and J. Denzler, “Part detector
discovery  in  deep  convolutional  neural  networks,”  in
Asian  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  (ACCV)  (2014),
pp. 162–177.

33. Van G. Horn, O. Mac Aodha, Y. Song, Y. Cui, C. Sun,
A.  Shepard,  H.  Adam,  P.  Perona,  and  S.  Belongie,
“The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection
Dataset,” in IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2018), pp. 8769–8778.
34. G. Yang and D. Ramanan, “Upgrading optical flow to
3D scene flow through optical expansion,” in Proceed-
ings  of  the  IEEE/CVF  Conference  on  Computer  Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2020), pp. 1334–1343.

PATTERN RECOGNITION AND IMAGE ANALYSIS 

 Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

488

RADIG  et  al.

object  boundaries.  We  therefore  argue  that  weights
initially  optimized  for  color  images  are  also  valuable
for  detecting  such  features  in  depth  images.  As  the
ResNet-50 architecture expects a three-channel RGB
input image as input, its first convolutional layer has to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper mentions two main datasets used in their deep learning pipeline - the Microsoft COCO dataset and the authors' own RGB-D dataset. The Microsoft COCO dataset was used for pretraining the region proposal network (RPN) classifier and mask head. The authors' RGB-D dataset was used for evaluating the performance of D-Mask R-CNN specifically on instances of deer, which were the most common species in this dataset. Additionally, the paper cites several other works that have utilized various datasets, including the Intel RealSense stereoscopic depth cameras dataset, the iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection Dataset, and the Part Detector Discovery in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks dataset. However, these datasets do not appear to be directly involved in the authors' deep learning pipeline.