Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

data  can  be  implemented  using  the  encoded  information  of  the 
autoencoder, which concentrates the latent information of the original 
data  (Wang  et  al.,  2014;  Zabalza  et  al.,  2016).  Convolutional  neural 
networks (CNN) are deep learning architectures that have demonstrated 
outstanding performance in processing multidimensional data (Chaddad 
et al., 2021; Gupta and Bag, 2022; Ren et al., 2017). The CNN model has 
been successfully applied to the estimation of variables in aquatic en-
vironments,  such  as  water  quality  (Zhang  et  al.,  2022),  streamflow 
(Hussain  et  al.,  2020),  and  algae  (Cao  et  al.,  2022).  Therefore,  deep 
learning algorithms are suitable applications for sustainably estimating 
aquatic ecosystem health. Only one previous study applied a CNN-based 
approach, not to classify health levels but to augment aquatic ecosystem 
health data (Lee et al., 2021). Consequently, the deep learning fusion

learning of nonlinear data manifold. Neurocomputing 160, 250–260. 

Jo, M.H., Sim, J.S., Lee, J.A., Jang, S.H., 2015. Health assessment of the Nakdong river 
basin aquatic ecosystems utilizing GIS and spatial statistics. J. Korean Assoc. 
Geograph. Inform. Stud. 18 (2), 174–189. 

Ju, Y., Guo, J., Liu, S., 2015, September. A deep learning method combined sparse 
autoencoder with SVM. In: 2015 International Conference on Cyber-enabled 
Distributed Computing and Knowledge Discovery. IEEE, pp. 257–260. 

Kang, H., Jeon, D.J., Kim, S., Jung, K., 2022. Estimation of fish assessment index based 

on ensemble artificial neural network for aquatic ecosystem in South Korea. Ecol. 
Indic. 136, 108708. 

Khan, A., Sohail, A., Zahoora, U., Qureshi, A.S., 2020. A survey of the recent 

architectures of deep convolutional neural networks. Artif. Intell. Rev. 53, 
5455–5516. 

Khosravi, K., Golkarian, A., Tiefenbacher, J.P., 2022. Using optimized deep learning to

To  determine  the  optimal  data-driven  model,  the  conventional 
model performances were compared with the estimation performances 
of the CNN and the CNN with the autoencoder. The ANN model uses 
hidden nodes in hidden layers with learnable weights to extract input 
data. The principles of feature extraction and model training are similar 
to those of the autoencoder and CNN models. Six hidden layers were 
designed  with  128,  128,  256,  256,  512,  and  512  nodes.  The  output 
layers with three nodes estimated the three indices. The loss function 
and optimizer were set as the mean squared error and Adam optimizer, 
respectively, at a learning rate of 0.001. The SVM regression model was 
designed to estimate TDI, BMI, and FAI. The kernel function, C-param-
eter, and gamma of the SVM were set to radial basis functions of 100 and 
0.1, respectively. The SVM was unable to estimate the indices simulta-
neously. The RF uses an ensemble regressor by applying multiple deci-

water  quality  and  hydraulic  and  hydrological  data.  The  autoencoder 
generates new features from time series and static data related to the 
aquatic  ecosystem  (Han  et  al.,  2018).  Shao  et  al.  (2017)  stated  that

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that deep learning algorithms, specifically Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), have been successfully applied to estimate variables in aquatic environments. This suggests that image or video data might be involved in the process, potentially requiring annotation techniques like bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Nevertheless, without explicit mention in the provided context, we cannot confirm the use of these specific annotation techniques.