Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ing model, such as a neural network, and try to improve that model by 

alization algorithms like t-SNE (van der Maaten & Hinton, 2008), can 

selecting training samples. Active learning algorithms typically start 

be regarded as embedding functions.

training the underlying model on a small, randomly selected labelled 

Deep  neural  networks  are  frequently  used  for  dimension-

set of data samples. After training the initial model, various criteria 

ality  reduction:  the  input  to  a  deep  network  often  has  many 

can  be  employed  to  select  the  most  informative  unlabelled  sam-

values, but layers typically get smaller throughout the network, 

ples to be passed to the oracle for labelling (Settles, 2009). Among 

and the output of a layer can be viewed as a reduced represen-

the  most  popular  query  selection  strategies  for  active  learning  are 

tation  of  the  network's  input.  In  this  paper,  we  use  two  com-

|  159

because eventually both methods have sufficient constraints to learn 

active  learning  pipeline  on  the  crops  produced  from  running  the 

a good embedding.

3.3.2 | Active learning strategies

MegaDetector  model  over  the  NACTI  dataset.  We  employed  mar-

gin-based active learning. After the first 30,000 active queries, the 

classifier  achieves  93.2%  overall  accuracy  which  further  confirms 

the usefulness of the suggested pipeline. More detailed results are 

available in Table S3.

Different strategies can be employed to select samples to be labelled 

by the oracle. The most naive strategy is selecting queries at random. 

Here  we  try  five  different  query  selection  strategies  and  compare 

4 |  D I S CU S S I O N

them against a control of selecting samples at random. In particular, 

we try model uncertainty criteria (confidence, margin, entropy; Lewis 

This  paper  demonstrates  the  potential  to  significantly  reduce

Algorithm 1. Active learning procedure

1:

2:

3:

4:

5:

6:

7:

8:

Start from a small, randomly selected labelled subset of data

while Stopping criteria not met do

Train the underlying model with the available labelled samples

Compute a selection criterion for all the samples in the 

unlabelled pool

Select n samples that maximize the criterion

Pass the selected samples to the oracle for labelling

Gather the labelled samples and add them to the labelled 

set

end while

this case, a network can first be trained on the large dataset and then 

Deep learning usually requires a large-scale dataset and a con-

fine-tuned on the target dataset (Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; Yosinski 

siderable amount of computational resources to achieve high accu-

et al., 2014).

1.5 | Active learning

racy.  Existing  active  learning  frameworks  cannot  scale  to  datasets 

with millions of high-dimensional samples, such as large camera trap

Xu, Z., Yu, K., Tresp, V., Xu, X., & Wang, J. (2003). Representative sampling 
for  text  classification  using  support  vector  machines.  In  European 
conference on information retrieval (pp. 393–407). Springer.

Wiley & Sons.

Sutskever, I., Vinyals, O., & Le, Q. V. (2014). Sequence to sequence learn-
ing with neural networks. In Advances in neural information processing 
systems (pp. 3104–3112).

Swanson, A., Kosmala, M., Lintott, C., Simpson, R., Smith, A., & Packer, 
C.  (2015).  Snapshot  serengeti,  high-frequency  annotated  camera 
trap images of 40 mammalian species in an african savanna. Scientific 
Data, 2, 150026.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline, such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, it discusses several aspects related to improving the performance of deep learning models through active learning and dimensionality reduction.

In the context of addressing data bias, one could consider employing stratified splitting, where the data is divided into subsets based on class labels, ensuring each subset maintains the same distribution of classes as the original dataset. This technique helps prevent imbalanced classes during training and evaluation.

Oversampling involves duplicating examples from underrepresented classes to balance the dataset, while undersampling removes instances from overrepresented classes. Both techniques aim to mitigate class imbalance issues.

Collecting diverse data is another approach to reducing data bias. By gathering data from multiple sources, demographics, or environments, the resulting dataset will better represent real-world scenarios and minimize biases introduced by limited data diversity.

While these techniques are not directly mentioned in the given context, they remain relevant when considering ways to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline.