Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Since BERT can only accept a maximum of 512 tokens as input, we 
used smaller subsections of the longer web articles as classifier input, an 
approach previously applied to long document classification (Fiok et al., 
2021; Sun et al., 2019). To identify the sections of text most likely to be 
relevant to the classification decision, documents were split into chunks 
of 300 tokens using the NLTK word-tokenizer. Chunks that contained 
any  of  our  original  query  terms  (i.e.  any  bat-related  or  exploitation- 
related  term)  were  retained.  If  more  than  one  chunk  contained  key-
words,  the  first  such  chunk  of  the  document  was  retained  for  use  in 
model training and evaluation. Before being fed into the BERT model, 
texts are tokenized using the BERT tokenizer. Here, we set the maximum 
number of tokens as 400 for social media posts, as most were very short, 
and 512 for web articles, meaning some texts would have been further 
truncated at this step.

consideration for the nature of the classification task and the dataset to 
which it will be applied.

For the Naive Bayes and neural network model, a vector represen-
tation of the whole text was used in the classification decision. However, 
for web articles, the BERT model used a truncated section of the whole 
text  (see  Methods  2.3.2):  75%,  72%  and  80%  of  web  articles  were 
truncated in the training sets for classification tasks 1, 2 and 3, respec-
tively. Thus, for comparability, we also tested the performance of the 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020765S.B. Hunter et al.

3.4. The influence of data stratification 

As shown in Table 2, stratification of training data for classification 
tasks 2 and 3 influenced the performance with which classifiers were 
able  to  identify  relevant  texts  in  testing  data.  Overall,  the  recall  of 
relevant  texts  within  stratified  testing  sets  was  higher  for  classifiers 
trained  on  stratified  data  those  those  trained  on  non-stratified  data 
(Table 2). The exception to this is classification task 3, applied to web 
articles, where performance was comparable between different classi-
fiers. This may be attributed to the relatively balanced distribution of 
topics (query groups) within this labelled dataset (Table S2.3).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors took several measures to ensure the generalizability of their deep learning model. Firstly, they used diverse datasets consisting of both social media posts and web articles. Secondly, they employed a technique called stratified sampling when preparing their training data for certain classification tasks. As mentioned in Section 3.4, stratifying the training data improved the performance of the classifiers in identifying relevant texts within the testing data. Lastly, although not explicitly stated, the process of dividing the data into training, validation, and test sets could imply the use of cross-validation techniques to evaluate the model's performance and prevent overfitting.