Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data 

The data used here was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Chal-
lenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe

4.3. The prediction task

3. Results 

3.1. Model training efficiency 

Model  training  on  our  hardware  (NVIDIA  GTX  1080  GPU)  took 
~460  h.  The  optimization  was  stopped  once  the  validation  ENS 
repeatedly  failed  to  improve  compared  to  the  score  evaluated  from 
previous  epochs.  The  model  at  the  epoch  with  the  highest  attained 
validation  score  was  selected.  We  noted  a  significant  acceleration  of 
convergence  when  employing  the  baseline  framework,  as  shown  in

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhanced prediction of vegetation responses to extreme drought using deep 
learning and Earth observation data 

Klaus-Rudolf Kladny a,c, Marco Milanta a, Oto Mraz a, Koen Hufkens b, d, e, f, Benjamin 
D. Stocker b, d, e, f,* 
a Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
b Department of Environmental Systems Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
c Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Tübingen 72076, Germany 
d Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research WSL, Birmensdorf 8903, Switzerland 
e Institute of Geography, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland 
f Oeschger Centre for Climate Change Resarch, Bern 3012, Switzerland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought impact forecasting 
Sentinel-2 
EarthNet2021 
ConvLSTM 
NDVI

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it is not possible to determine what specific process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model. The text does not provide any details about how the model was deployed after being trained. It only mentions that the model was trained on a NVIDIA GTX 1080 GPU and that the optimization was stopped once the validation score repeatedly failed to improve compared to previous epochs. However, there are no further details regarding the deployment process such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to accurately answer this query.