Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the Pl@ntNet user community (currently 1.8 million user accounts). At the time
of writing, the CNN architecture used is the inception model49 extended with
batch normalization.50 The network is pre-trained on the commonly used Im-
ageNet dataset and ﬁne-tuned on Pl@ntNet data. Pl@ntNet currently covers
30,261 species illustrated by more than 2.9 million images. The taxonomic
coverage of our study is therefore one to three orders of magnitude larger
than previously published studies making use of automated species identiﬁca-
tion for ecological research. The training of Pl@ntNet CNN requires the mobi-
lization of a high-performance computing infrastructure and expertise in deep,
distributed, and large-scale learning. Thus, the resulting classiﬁcation tool is in
itself a major advance in biodiversity data science.

AI naturalists, just like their human counterparts, may have
their own biases which must be fully understood if the informa-
tion that they generate is to be trusted and suitably utilized. For
example, most AI systems can only detect or recognize already
seen (or learned) objects or concepts. Benchmark datasets of
images can be organized to precisely assess the limits of AI sys-
tems’ ability, highlighting where human expertise is still required.
Deep learning models (some of the most advanced AI algo-
rithms) are developed with training datasets that allow them to
capture discriminant visual patterns. Their performances are
then strongly correlated to the quality and completeness of the
datasets on which they are trained. Unbalanced, biased, or
otherwise poor-quality training datasets will lead to underper-
forming algorithms in real conditions.27 During the learning
phases, particular attention must be given to any relevant limita-

Access to the Pl@ntNet classiﬁcation tool is provided through a dedicated
API available at my.plantnet.org. The main feature of this API is a RESTful
JSON-based web service that can accept one to ﬁve images of a plant and re-
turns a list of likely species. The species are associated with classiﬁcation
scores (the softmax output of the CNN), as well as a list of matching images
retrieved from the database. To facilitate the implementation of future studies
based on the methodology of this paper, we have developed the ‘‘plantnet’’51
R-package allowing users to query the Pl@ntNet API. The package is available
online at https://github.com/BiologicalRecordsCentre/plantnet.

AI can also be used to extract information from big data in or-
der to address various challenges faced by society. For example,
in conservation biology there is a pressing need to understand
the state of our natural environment, and the drivers of observed
declines in biodiversity.11 In addition, signatories to the Conven-
tion on Biological Diversity have an obligation to monitor their
biodiversity under Article 7.12 In a number of nations, the moni-
toring of biodiversity is supported by long-running citizen sci-
ence activities;13 indeed, contributions from amateur naturalists
to biodiversity data collection date back at least to the 19th cen-
tury14,15 (before this the distinction between amateur and profes-
sional scientists is blurred). However, recent years have arguably
represented a signiﬁcant shift in the amount of data collected by
volunteer observers,16 and in many cases observations are now
accompanied by a digital image of the observation. These im-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the provided context is for classification. Specifically, it is designed to identify plant species based on input images. This is achieved using a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture called the inception model, which has been extended with batch normalization. The network is initially trained on the ImageNet dataset and then fine-tuned using Pl@ntNet data, covering over 30,000 species and utilizing millions of images. The primary function of this deep learning model is to provide a list of likely species when presented with one to five images of a plant. It accomplishes this by returning the softmax output of the CNN along with a list of matching images retrieved from its extensive database.