Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Pacific oysters 
Invasive species 
Convolutional neural networks 
Deep learning 
Drone 
Remote sensing 
Ecological management

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Drone imagery and deep learning for mapping the density of wild Pacific 
oysters to manage their expansion into protected areas

This resulted in a dataset consisting of 3643 tiles for the Scoble site 
(758 containing Pacific oysters, 2885 without Pacific oysters) and 7571 
tiles  for  the  Collapit  site  (879  containing  Pacific  oysters  and  6692 
without Pacific oysters). 

2.3. Validation and training datasets 

To create the training and validation datasets, the tiles containing 
Pacific oysters were split into 70% training, and 30% validation. Data 
augmentation  was  used  to  increase  the  size  of  the  training  dataset, 
through random variations and manipulations to the data. Augmenta-
tions  were  applied  in  a  random  order.  The  list  of  augmentations  is 
described in Table 1. 

The training data set had five augmented images created per original 
tile  to  create  an  additional  5735  tiles  split  between  the  two  sites. 

Table 1 
Data Augmentations applied to training data.  

Augmentation 

Flip 
Crop 
Contrast Shift 
Translation 
Rotation 

Minimum 

Maximum 

–

As shown on Fig. 6, the trained YOLOv5s model was able to detect 
Pacific  oysters  against  the  different  backgrounds  of  mud,  vegetation, 
different rocks and both when the oysters were found as individuals far 
away from each other or growing together in close proximity in large 

numbers.  This  is  representative  of  a  large  number  of  environments 
across Europe. Hence, the workflow presented is transferable to those 
areas  and  our  CNN  model  should  be  able  to  generalize  to  new  sites. 
However, more data are required to validate this claim. Furthermore, 
due to the constrains of this project, only a limited number of oysters 
could  be  tagged  as  a  training  and  validation  dataset  and  the  model 
would benefit from including more data over different backgrounds to 
be further fine-tuned.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could potentially be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without specific details, it cannot be confirmed. To find out the exact location of the code repository, one would need to refer to the full article or contact the authors directly.