Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Halgamuge et al. (2020) focused on utilizing deep learning to esti-
mate the best optimizer selection methods for wildfire event predictions 
in Australia. They developed an algorithm to collect the data automat-
ically and analyzed six different optimizer models using deep learning 
technology. They concluded that this approach could predict a natural 
disaster, including wildfire events, by investigating historical environ-
mental  conditions  before  and  after  wildfires  occurred  using  the  deep 
learning methodology. Dowdy (2020) focused on demonstrating a sea-
sonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia. This 
measured  spatio-temporal  variations  and  seasonality  across  several 
datasets  and  utilized  this  methodology  to  predict  wildfire  events, 
focusing on the seasonal predictions using the 2019–2020 wildfire sea-
son  as  an  example  and  measuring  long-term  predictions.  Coen  et  al.

Sevinc, V., Kucuk, O., Goltas, M., 2020. A Bayesian network model for prediction and 

analysis of possible forest fire causes. For. Ecol. Manag. 457. 

Smigaj, M., Gaulton, R., Barr, S.L., Su´arez, J.C., 2015. UAV-Borne Thermal Imaging for 

Forest Health Monitoring: Detectin of Disease-Induced Canopy Temperature 
Increase. ISPRS Geospatial Week 2015. 

Tasmanian Fire Service, Tasmanian Government, 2020. Fuel Reduction Program Fact 
Sheet. What is Bushfire Fuel? Retrieved online on 6th of February 2022. htt 
ps://www.fire.tas.gov.au/userfiles/kyliec/file/20200624/no8-fuels.pdf. 

Tucker, C.J., 1979. Red and photographic infrared linear combinations for monitoring 

vegetation. Remote Sens. Environ. 8 (2), 127–150. 

Victorian Government, 2020. 2019–2020 Eastern Victorian Bushfires. Learn About the 
2019–20 Bushfires, Including the Impacts and Recovery Progress. Viewed online on 
17/02/22. https://www.vic.gov.au/2019-20-eastern-victorian-bushfires#the-fires.

To consider the model uncertainty, the models given in Fig. 15 are 
considered  as  the  set  of  models,  Ψ  of  Section  2.2.2.  Then  the  BMA 
approach is implemented. Each model’s prior probability is set to 0.2 to 
give equal chances a priori. The resulting posterior model probabilities, 
P(m| D), and Bayes factors to compare the models are given in Fig. 15. 
Bayes factors can also be interpreted as the improvement in the proba-
bility of occurrence for a given model. This analysis provides insights 
into  which  model  is  most  impactful  in  predicting wildfire  occurrence 
probabilities  and  provides  evidence  on  if  forest  vulnerability  is  the 
dominant  predictor.  The  results  indicate  forest  vulnerability  as  the 
dominant predictor, as this model is 2.5 times more likely to occur based 
on the posterior odds. The model that includes forest vulnerability with 
mean  wind  speed  is  the  second  most  likely, with  2.3  times  improved

reports, Royal Commission reports and environmental expert knowledge 
(Bureau of Meteorology, 2022; Royal Commission into National Natural 
Disaster  Arrangements,  2020;  Tasmanian  Fire  Service,  Tasmanian 
Government, 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific process used to deploy the trained deep learning model. However, it discusses various aspects related to wildfire event prediction in Australia using deep learning technology. Halgamuge et al. (2020) developed an algorithm to automatically collect data and analyze six different optimizer models using deep learning. While the paper focuses on the development and application of these models, it does not provide details about the deployment process. Similarly, Dowdy (2020) presents a seasonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction but does not elaborate on the deployment process. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to determine the exact process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model.