Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

0 
110 
17 

19 
28 
61  

0 
7 
157  

Table 2 
Summary of the performance indicators for the random forest classification of 
maturity condition in Chilean hake for survey and commercial fishing data.  

Source 

Classes 

Sensitivity 

Specificity 

Prevalence 

Error 

Survey 

Commercial 

Immature 
Mature-active 
Mature- 
inactive 
Immature 
Mature-active 
Mature- 
inactive 

0.88 
0.92 

0.56 

– 

0.87 

0.96 

0.93 
0.88 

0.92 

– 

0.96 

0.86 

0.25 
0.54 

0.21 

– 

0.44 

0.56 

0.19 
0.10 

0.33 

– 

0.06 

0.10

In addition to the OOB, the model performance was also evaluated 
using  the  confusion  matrix  with  the  following  metrics:  Cohen’s  kappa 
coefficient (κ) to measure the proportion of agreements (Cohen, 1960), 
Precision to determine proportion of correct predictions, Sensitivity for 
the true positive rate (correctly predicted phases), Specificity for the true 
negative rate (correct allocation to other phases), and Prevalence for the 
proportion  within  each  phase.  Descriptions  of  these  metrics  are  as 
follows: 

κ =

2 × (TP × TN (cid:0) FN × FP)
(TP + FP) × (FP + TN) + (TP + FN) × (FN + TN)

On each sampled fish, the Gonadosomatic Index (GSI) was computed 
as  GSI  = (OW  /  (TW  -  OW))  × 100.  In  addition,  a  measurement  of 
relative condition factor (Krel) was calculated as an indirect measure of 
nutritional status in according to Le Cren (1951), as Krel = TW / (αTL
), 

β

Precision =

TP
TP + FP

2.3. Statistical analyses 

A classifier for three maturity classes (immature, mature-active and 
mature-inactive) of Chilean Hake was fitted using supervised RF from 
the  R-project  package  “RandomForest”  v4.7–1.1  (Liaw  and  Wiener, 
2002). For covariates we used the continuous variables TL, GSI, Krel, 
latitude, longitude, and depth, while month was treated as a factor. The 
performance of the model was measured using Out-Of-Bag (OOB) error 
i.e.,  the  models  are  trained  on  bootstrapped  data,  with  the  excluded 
portion  at  each  iteration  serving  as  validation  data  for  calculating 
generalisation error. This error measure was used for tuning two hyper- 
parameters  -  the  number  of  covariates  randomly  selected  prior  the 
growing of each tree (mtry) and the number of trees (ntree) combined 
for the forest. This resulted in mtry = 2 and ntree = 500 (Supplementary 
Figs. S1 and S2).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

During the training process of the Random Forest (RF) classifier for determining the maturity classes of Chilean Hake, the model performance was monitored by utilizing the Out-of-Bag (OOB) error. This method involves training the models on bootstrapped data, where the excluded portion at each iteration serves as validation data for calculating generalization error. By employing this approach, it becomes possible to tune two crucial hyperparameters: the number of covariates randomly selected before growing each tree (mtry) and the total number of trees (ntree) combined for the forest. Consequently, through this procedure, the optimal values of mtry = 2 and ntree = 500 were determined (Supplementary Figs. S1 and S2).