Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Next, three essential parameters were configured in the RF training: 
the number of random regression trees (ntree, tested 20 to 100 trees); 
the number of division variables (mtry, used to determine the number of 
variables available to each node of the tree, with the default number of 
1/3 of the independent variables); and the minimum size of nodes (node 
size, value = 5).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine learning methods: Modeling net growth in the Atlantic Forest 
of Brazil

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest dynamics 
Net growth 
Tropical forest 
Brazil

The trained ANN was the multilayer perceptron, also known as the 
multilayer perceptron (MLP), with a hidden layer. The range of neurons 
in  this  layer  was  defined  by  the  Fletcher-Gloss  method  (Silva  et  al., 
2010): 2 × n0.5 + n2 ≤ n1 ≤ 2 × n + 1; in which: n = number of network 
inputs; n1 = amount of neurons in the hidden layer; and n2 = number of 
neurons  in  the  output  layer.  The  activation  functions  tested  were

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about the specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training for either the Random Forest or Artificial Neural Network models mentioned. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful answer regarding the postprocessing steps such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, confusion matrix, etc. These details would typically be included in the methodology section of the research paper, but they are not present in the provided context.