Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

IV. EXPERIMENTAL SETTINGS
To extract the relevant features of birds, we randomly split
the endemic bird data into 3,132 images for training and
760 images for testing. To allow the deep networks to con-
verge and improve the ability of the model to generalize
adeptly, we augmented the training dataset 10 times, resulting
in a total of 31,320 images. Then, 25,056 (80%) images were
used for training and 6,264 (20%) were used for validation.
The Inception-ResNet-v2 model was trained using the mini-
batch gradient descent algorithm with the batch size set to
32 and the learning rate maintained at 0.0001. The Adam
optimizer was used to ﬁne-tune the model with the following
parameters:

• Exponential decay rate of ﬁrst-moment estimation

of 0.9.

102982

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

which constitute a large part of their diet. Thus, birds provide
regeneration and resilience to ecosystems to sustain their
biodiversity. Thus, it is essential to identify endemic birds
that are prone to invasion by ecologically similar species that
may eventually cause niche domination or the extirpation of
species already existing on the island.

102976

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

Thus, efforts to identify and conserve environments
with endemic species should be prioritized to maintain
genetic diversity. To improve modelling performance and the

knowledge acquired therefrom, in this study, we adopted a
transfer learning technique. Moreover, to maintain an efﬁ-
cient ensemble model for each type of species, we adopted
the following procedures:

1. We investigated various backbone models of different
deep learning architectures, such as Inception-ResNet-
v2, InceptionV3, Xception, ResNet101, ResNet101,
and MobileNetV2, to achieve efﬁcient feature selection
of birds. Then, the performance of all models was
evaluated by comparing their accuracies in identifying
and classifying bird species when using validation and
test data.

2. We chose Inception-ResNet-v2 as the deep learning
model because it outperforms other backbone models
to a large extent.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, no specific strategy is mentioned to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, some common practices can be suggested based on standard machine learning techniques. These include setting a fixed random seed value before running experiments to ensure reproducibility, using cross-validation techniques to reduce overfitting due to random splits, and employing multiple runs with different seeds to assess the stability and robustness of the results. Additionally, advanced techniques like Bayesian optimization can also be utilized to optimize hyperparameters while accounting for uncertainty caused by randomness.