Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Many 2D CNNs use well-labeled training and validation data from 
the study domain intended to optimize weights in existing image-based 
architectures (e.g., ResNet, VGGish, MobileNet), i.e., transfer learning. 
These data are usually hard to acquire and thus have low sample sizes. 
This often leads to the use of larger labeled data from outside the study 
domain.  Recent  BirdCLEF  competitions  use  weakly-labeled  audio 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020652M.L. Clark et al.

Pouyanfar, S., Sadiq, S., Yan, Y., Tian, H., Tao, Y., Reyes, M.P., Shyu, M.L., Chen, S.C., 
Iyengar, S.S., 2018 Sep 18. A survey on deep learning: algorithms, techniques, and 
applications. ACM Comput. Surv. (CSUR). 51 (5), 1–36. https://doi.org/10.1145/ 
3234150. 

Priyadarshani, N., Marsland, S., Castro, I., 2018 May. Automated birdsong recognition in 

complex acoustic environments: a review. J. Avian Biol. 49 (5), jav–01447. 
Pyle, P., DeSante, D.F., 2003. Four-letter and six-letter alpha codes for birds recorded 
from the American Ornithologist’s union check-list area. North American Bird 
Bander. 28 (2), 64–79. 

Quinn, C.A., Burns, P., Gill, G., Baligar, S., Snyder, R.L., Salas, L., Goetz, S.J., Clark, M.L., 
2022 May 1. Soundscape classification with convolutional neural networks reveals 
temporal and geographic patterns in ecoacoustic data. Ecol. Indic. 138, 108831. 

Roca, I.T., Desrochers, L., Giacomazzo, M., Bertolo, A., Bolduc, P., Deschesnes, R.,

ence data available for training were limited, so we sought to explore 
different network sizes in conjunction with pre-training with additional 
acoustic reference data from outside of our audio domain, followed by 
fine-tuning with ROI data from our study site.

Fig. 2. Example 2-s mel-spectrograms of bird vocalizations for six species in our study.  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020655M.L. Clark et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

2.5. CNN fine-tuning data from ROIs

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific data annotation techniques used in their deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions using well-labeled training and validation data from the study domain, which suggests some form of labeling or annotation was applied to these datasets. Additionally, the authors discuss using larger labeled data from outside the study domain, implying that this external dataset also underwent some sort of labeling process. The paper further references the use of weakly-labeled audio data in recent BirdCLEF competitions, indicating another potential method of data annotation. Unfortunately, without more detailed information, it is impossible to determine precisely what type of data annotation techniques were employed in their deep learning pipeline.