Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4.2. Convolutional neural network 

CNN is a type of deep learning algorithm primarily used for image 
recognition and processing tasks (Chauhan et al., 2018). It’s composed 
of multiple layers, including convolutional layers that apply kernels to 
extract  features  from  input  images,  followed  by  pooling  layers  that 
reduce  the  spatial  dimensions  of  the  features.  CNNs  are  designed  to 
automatically learn hierarchical representations of data, making them 
highly effective for tasks like object detection, image classification, and 
even natural language processing (Khan et al., 2020). That is, the CNN 
architecture  was  designed  to  efficiently  process  complex  datasets 
(Alshehhi et al., 2017). Convolutional layers adopt internal kernel op-
erations that calculate nonlinear features using trainable weights and

data  can  be  implemented  using  the  encoded  information  of  the 
autoencoder, which concentrates the latent information of the original 
data  (Wang  et  al.,  2014;  Zabalza  et  al.,  2016).  Convolutional  neural 
networks (CNN) are deep learning architectures that have demonstrated 
outstanding performance in processing multidimensional data (Chaddad 
et al., 2021; Gupta and Bag, 2022; Ren et al., 2017). The CNN model has 
been successfully applied to the estimation of variables in aquatic en-
vironments,  such  as  water  quality  (Zhang  et  al.,  2022),  streamflow 
(Hussain  et  al.,  2020),  and  algae  (Cao  et  al.,  2022).  Therefore,  deep 
learning algorithms are suitable applications for sustainably estimating 
aquatic ecosystem health. Only one previous study applied a CNN-based 
approach, not to classify health levels but to augment aquatic ecosystem 
health data (Lee et al., 2021). Consequently, the deep learning fusion

wi,new = wi,old (cid:0) α

∂L
∂wi,old

(7)  

where wi,new  is the updated weight of the ith convolutional layer; wi,old  is 
the old weight of the ith CNN layer; α is the learning rate; and L is the 
loss function. 

This study used water quality and hydraulic and hydrological data as 
CNN inputs to estimate aquatic ecosystem health indices (Fig. 2b). The 
manifold features of the autoencoder were utilized as inputs for the CNN 
model (Fig. 2b). These data or features were originally divided into 70% 
(334  data  points)  and  30%  (144  data  points)  training  and  validation 
datasets, respectively. A one-dimensional CNN was adopted because of

Looking beyond these data to improve the extensibility of investigations 
on the health of aquatic ecosystems is necessary (Upadhyay and Khan-
delwal,  2019;  Yuan  et  al.,  2017).  Deep  learning  techniques  have  the 
potential to be used to investigate parts of ecosystems. In this study, the 
TDI, BMI, and FAI were calculated using ecological monitoring data, and 
the status of the aquatic ecosystem was determined. Quantitative and 
qualitative  indices  may  constrain  further  applications,  such  as  grade 
prediction of aquatic ecosystem health. However, we demonstrated that 
the CNN model ensemble with an autoencoder is a potential candidate 
for  estimating  aquatic  ecosystem  health  indices  compared  with  the 
original CNN and conventional machine learning models (Table 3). In 
other  words,  deep  learning  methods  can  be  applied  to  water  quality, 
hydraulic, and hydrological data to reflect the quantitative and quali-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model used in the pipeline is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). This is evident from several mentions throughout the text, such as "Convolutional neural networks (CNN)" and "The CNN model". Additionally, the formula presented for updating the weights of the model is specific to CNNs. Furthermore, the use case mentioned - image recognition and processing tasks - is a common application of CNNs.