Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Small, N., Munday, M., Durance, I., 2017. The challenge of valuing ecosystem services 
that have no material benefits. Glob. Environ. Chang. 44, 57–67. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.gloenvcha.2017.03.005. 

Smith, S., 2015. What’s the optimal length for a YouTube vs. Facebook video? https://t 

ubularinsights.com/optimal-video-length-youtube-facebook/. 

Statistics Bureau of Japan, 2022. Statistics of Japan. https://www.e-stat.go.jp/gis/statma 

p-search?page=1&type=1&toukeiCode=00200521 (Accessed Jul 1, 2022).  
Tachibana, K., Uchida, K., Aiba, M., Sasaki, T., 2021. National geographic distribution 

and number of TV nature programs across the Japanese archipelago. Ecol. Indic. 
121, 107054 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolind.2020.107054. 

The Ornithological Society of Japan, 2000. Catalog of Birds of Japan, rev. sixth ed. 

Ornithological Society of Japan, Obihiro.

Fig. 1. Importance of selected factors measured by Z 
score (blue boxes) explaining the number of views in 
each  video  by  using  a  wrapper  feature  selection  al-
gorithm working with random forest analysis. Factors 
that  have  a  significantly  higher  Z  score  than  the 
maximum  Z  score  among  shadow  factors  (shad-
owMax; indicated by a red box) were determined as 
important. Objects and text are categories of thumb-
nail  information  (with  a  value  of  0  or  1  in  each 
category).  Number  of  uploaded  videos,  length,  and 
days are; number of uploaded videos in each channel, 
length  (seconds)  of  each  video,  and  number  of  days 
since  uploading,  respectively.  (For  interpretation  of 
the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.)

upload, thumbnail information in each video, the number of subscribers 
and number of uploaded videos on each channel, as well as the number 
and  presence/absence  of  wild  bird  species  in  each  video.  By  viewing 
videos that recorded wild birds’  singing, we accurately quantified the 
effects of the presence of specific species as well as species richness on 
the number of views. We then examined the relationship between the 
number of views in each video and important video factors selected by 
the machine learning algorithm.

(though an extent cannot sometimes be specified) and reflect more of the 
benefit from ecosystems than those based on questionnaires, surveys, or 
interviews (Coscieme, 2015; McGinlay et al., 2018).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline, several techniques can be employed. One such technique is stratified splitting, which involves dividing the dataset into training and testing sets while maintaining the same proportion of classes in both sets. This ensures that the model is trained and tested on representative samples of all classes, reducing any potential bias towards certain classes. Another technique is oversampling, where examples from minority classes are duplicated to balance out the class distribution. Conversely, undersampling involves removing examples from majority classes to achieve a similar effect. Both oversampling and undersampling aim to create a balanced dataset, thereby mitigating any potential biases caused by imbalanced class distributions. Additionally, diverse data collection can also help reduce data bias by ensuring that the dataset includes a wide range of examples representing different demographics, scenarios, and use cases. In summary, various techniques such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection can be utilized to minimize data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline.