Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

}

- Task: A Task is defined by T = {Y, f() }, where Y =
Definition 6.
{
y1, …, yn
depicts a label space. The predictive function is denoted by 
f(), which is trained using pairs (xi, yi) and the labels for new instances 
are predicted by this learned function f(). 

- Transfer learning: If Ts is the learning task for a source 
Definition 7.
domain Ds  and Tt  is the learning task for a target domain Dt, then the 
rationale  of  TL  is  to  model  a  learning  function  ft() in  Dt  by  utilizing 
Ds and Ts, when Ds ∕= Dt or Ts ∕= Tt.

However, when both domains are precisely similar (i.e. Ds = Dt) and 
their  corresponding  learning  tasks  are  also  similar  (Ts = Tt),  the 
learning problem changes to a machine learning approach. 

4. Proposed methodology 

In this section, we will explain our proposed IFTL technique, which is 
implemented under the framework of label refinement. The complete 
architecture is depicted in Fig. 2, and the procedure is described in Al-
gorithm 1.

This  tightly  coupled  relationship  between  CO2  emission  and  GDP 
motivated us to predict the GDP of a nation using its carbon emission. 
However,  the  available  dataset  of  some  countries  is  not  sufficient 
enough to train a machine learning (ML) model. To overcome this lim-
itation,  this  paper  proposes  a  novel  transfer  learning  methodology. 
Transfer  learning  (TL),  a  machine  learning  (ML)  technique,  utilizes 
previously learned information to resolve new tasks, more specifically, 
related tasks. In conventional ML techniques, every new task is learned 
from the scratch (Che et al., 2021), and the training and test data are 
drawn from the same distribution. However, if the data distribution is 
changed between the training and test data, the performance and reli-
ability  of  the  predicted  output  may  degrade  significantly  (Lu  et  al., 
2019). This may also lead to high computational costs and inappropriate

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models discussed in the paper. Typically, deep learning models can be trained using various types of hardware resources such as CPUs, GPUs, and TPUs. However, without further information about the specific implementation details of the proposed Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL) method, it is not possible to determine exactly what type of hardware was used for training the deep learning models in this case.