Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Public Health England, 2019. Review of Interventions to Improve Outdoor Air Quality 
and Public Health (https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/ 
system/uploads/attachmentdata/fil2019–2018572.pdf).  

Sergeev, A., Del Balso, M., 2018. Horovod: Fast and Easy Distributed Deep Learning in 

Tensorflow (arXiv preprint arXiv:1802.05799).  

Shrivastava, A., Gupta, V.B., et al., 2011. Methods for the determination of limit of de- 
tection and limit of quantitation of the analytical methods. Chronicles Young Sci. 2 
(1), 21. 

Si, M., Xiong, Y., Du, S., Du, K., 2020. Evaluation and calibration of a low-cost particle 
sensor in ambient conditions using machine-learning methods. Atmos. Measur. Tech. 
13 (4), 1693–1707. 

Statswales, 2020. Summary Statistics for Wales, by Region: 2020 (Available from: 

https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/statistics-and-research/2020-05/summary- 
statistics- regions-wales-2020-629.pdf [Accessed: 15-12-2021]).

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

Fig. 13. An illustration of captured NO2 pollutant readings (blue highlight) and the deep learning model predictions (red highlight). These results were derived from 
an evaluation using the validation dataset. It should be pointed out that the model's predictions are not too far off the actual readings. (For interpretation of the 
references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

Table 4 
Hardware specifications of the two oracle cloud instances used to test scalablity.  

Instance 
Type 

Bare 
Metal 

Name 

Compute – 
Ampere 
A1 – 
OCPU 

Processor 

OCPU 

GPU 
type 

– 

CPU 
cores 

CPU 
memory 

GPU 
memory 

6 

32GB 

– 

VM. 

GPU 

Pascal 

GPU2.1 

1 
NVIDIA 
P100 

12 

72GB 

16GB  

4.4. Evaluating the scalability performance of the REVIS system

Finally, this study set out to develop and evaluate a baseline deep 
learning  model  to  make  hourly  predictions  of  PM2.5,  PM10  and  NO2 
concentration levels. The problem is modelled as a structured data with 
additional features added to extend a typical time-series problem. This 
method allows us to explore entity embeddings for the categorical fea-
tures. The performance of the baseline  model on  individual pollutant 
concentration is good, thereby suggesting that this approach of model-
ling is practicable. An improved forecasting model is directly applicable 
to highways where air quality sensing devices are not available but data 
on other features such as traffic flow and weather are captured. These 
models can then be used as a substitute to estimate the air quality on 
these  highways.  The  scalability  test  performed  on  the  REVIS  system 
indicated it was able to scale up its resources according to the compu-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't any information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the use of bounding box annotation, instance segmentation, or any other data annotation technique mentioned in the query.