Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Data analysis

sation are outlined in Gavrilov et al. (2012).

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Capri  D.  Jolliffe:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  –  original 
draft,  Visualization,  Validation,  Resources,  Project  administration, 
Methodology,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis.  Robert  D.  McCauley: 
Writing – review & editing, Supervision, Methodology, Funding acqui-
sition,  Data  curation,  Conceptualization.  Alexander  N.  Gavrilov: 
Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Supervision,  Software,  Methodology, 
Funding acquisition, Formal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization. 
Curt Jenner: Data curation. Micheline N. Jenner: Data curation. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10241010C.D. Jolliffe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Data availability 

The link to the data is shared in the manuscript 

Acknowledgements

The first vessel based visual sighting in 2010 occurred on the 21st of 
March with the last on the 28th of April. Within this period there were 
15 days on which pods were sighted, with the average number of pods 
sighted per day in this period being 0.77 (± 1.37). The first sighting of 
the 2011 visual survey was on the 12th of March with the final sighting 
on the 28th of May. Sightings occurred on 47 days in this time, with the 
average number of pods sighted per day in this time period being 1.63 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024107C.D. Jolliffe et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it does not provide details about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether they used AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform for deployment.