Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Benkendorf, D.J., Hawkins, C.P., 2020. Effects of sample size and network depth on a 
deep learning approach to species distribution modeling. Eco. Inform. 60, 101137. 
Bicudo, T., Llusia, D., Anci˜aes, M., Gil, D., 2023. Poor performance of acoustic indices as 
proxies for bird diversity in a fragmented Amazonian landscape. Eco. Inform. 77, 
102241. 

Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 45 (1), 5–32. 
Brown, A., Garg, S., Montgomery, J., 2019. Automatic rain and cicada chorus filtering of 

bird acoustic data. Appl. Soft Comput. 81, 105501. 

Brumm, H., 2006. Signalling through acoustic windows: nightingales avoid interspecific 
competition by short-term adjustment of song timing. J. Comp. Physiol. A. 192, 
1279–1285.

obtain biologically relevant data.

Automated  Remote  Biodiversity  Monitoring  Network  (ARBIMON; 
hereafter  referred  to  as  Arbimon)  is  an  online  open-source  platform 
linked  to  the  Rainforest  Connection  website  (https://arbimon.rfcx. 
org/),  with  a  combination  of  hardware  and  software  for  automating 
data acquisition, data management, and species identification based on 
audio recordings (Aide et al., 2013). From the several tools available to 
the user, we used a random forest model, which is a machine learning 
model based on decision trees and has shown to be robust and powerful 
(Breiman,  2001).  The  model  works  with  one  or  two  ROIs  (region  of 
interest, template, that contains the desired vocalization), the training 
data that contain validated recordings of the presence or absence of the 
vocalization provided by the user, and the threshold value set by the 
user. The threshold value ranges from 0 to 1. A score close to 0 means

All the parameters used for all the recognizers are shown in Table S2. 

2.6. Data analysis: Target set 

The analyses of the target set aimed to detect possible differences 
among the software programs in evaluating the results with regard to 
two different aspects: (1) the possibility that different habitats produce 
more or fewer song detections per day and (2) the possibility that great 
tits in different habitats have different times of vocal activity, regardless 
of the total number of songs. Given that the days and sites used to obtain 
the  data  for  the  training  and  target  sets  were  the  same  for  all  three 
software programs, any differences among the software programs must 
be exclusively due to differences or biases in their detection patterns. On 
the other hand, for the general comparison of the software, we measured 
the  time  each  software  spent  on  analyzing  the  entire  target  dataset 
(32,640 recordings).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to provide a direct link to the data repository of the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that ARBIMON (Automated Remote Biodiversity Monitoring Network) is linked to the Rainforest Connection website (<https://arbimon.rfcx.org/>). This might not be the exact data repository link for the deep learning pipeline but could potentially lead to more resources related to this topic.