Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.4. Connectivity data 

The  synthetic  connectivity  data  was  generated  using  a  Generative 
Adversarial Network (GAN) model based on the y-data-synthetic Python 
package (YData, 2023), as this model was able to replicate the sparse-
ness  of  the  original  connectivity  matrices  best  and  performed  best  in 
terms of the utility metrics. GAN models feature a generator component, 
which learns the latent features of the data to generate a data sample, 
and  a  discriminator,  which  is  a  classification  model  which  learns  to 
classify real and synthetic data. Backpropagation from the discriminator 
updates the model parameters in the generator with the magnitude of 
the update depending on the success of the discriminator in classifying 

Fig. 3. Spatial distributions of the original (middle), synthetic (left) and sampled synthetic (right) data sets. Colours and size of points indicate site area. Note, 
sampled synthetic uses anonymized latitudes and longitudes.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026984Connectivity and coral coverZoningHeat stressWave stressDepthFilter sites hot, too subject towave damage and without enough space for coral.Weight layers according to importance for intervention of interest and decision scenario.Rank sites from most to least suitable for implementing the intervention using aggregate criteria values and their weightings.1234R. Crocker et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

convolutional  neural  networks  (CNN),  auto  encoders  and  generative 
adversarial  networks  (GAN),  and  are  better  at  learning  sophisticated 
patterns in data but can be more computationally expensive and require 
more data to train (Endres et al., 2022).

As a first conceptual framework for a synthetic reef data pipeline the 
models developed here serve their purpose in facilitating decision sup-
port  tool  testing  and  demonstrations  during  development,  although 
alternative  models  could  be  investigated  to  reduce  the  time  taken  to 
create  some  of  the  synthetic  datasets  and  improve  fidelity  to  the 
ecological dynamics if needed for other applications. Machine learning 
and neural network-based models are ideal for fitting models to a wide 
range of data sets but can take time for model training. The models for 
site data, coral cover and connectivity all show reasonable runtimes, but 
the PAR environmental data model’s runtime could be improved upon

5.2. Initial coral cover data 

The  initial  coral  cover  model  was  developed  using  a  TVAE  model 
from SDV, which is based on a Variational Autoencoder model. In this 
model,  an  encoder  maps  the  original  data  to  distributions  in  a  lower 
dimensional latent space. Data is then sampled from the latent space and 
transformed back to the original space using a decoder. In the learning 
phase the decoder learns by finding a transformation with minimal loss 
between the original and final data distributions. This loss is quantified 
using the evidence lower bound (ELBO), which transforms intractable 
inference  problems  into  optimisation  problems  which  can  be  solved 
using gradient methods (Xu et al., 2019). 

The model learns the spatially dependent distribution of cover for 
each of the six species of coral modelled in ADRIA. The radially sampled 
latitudes and longitudes from the synthetic site data set are then used to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The pipeline described in the given text utilizes several types of deep learning models. For generating synthetic connectivity data, a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) model is employed. Additionally, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are mentioned as part of the overall approach. Furthermore, Variational Autoencoders (VAE) are utilized in developing the initial coral cover model. Therefore, the pipeline incorporates various deep learning architectures such as GANs, CNNs, and VAEs.