Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5.1. Classification problem (Q1): Deep learning applied to 2D LiDAR 
images for Forest classification 

We  employed  the  fast.ai  platform  (Howard  and  Gugger,  2020)  to 
train and validate models for the classification of 2D point cloud images, 
utilizing  a  LOGO  (Leave-One-Group-Out)  cross-validation.  In  this 
approach, our target classes were "Plateau", "White-sand", and "Ripar-
ian",  designated  as  "p",  "w",  and  "r"  respectively.  In  each  iteration,  a 
complete 450 m multitemporal transect was omitted from the training 
process  (the  grouping  factor  giving  the  lack  of  independence  in  the 
multi-temporal data) and subsequently tested. This approach ensured an 
assessment  of  the  model’s  performance,  accounting  for  our  data  con-
straints and guaranteeing that every multitemporal transect undergoes

both training and testing. A critical point to highlight is that models are 
retrained  for  each  fold,  preventing  previous  fold’s  information  from 
being transferred. We utilized the pretrained ResNet-34 (Which consists 
of  a  34-layer  convolutional  neural  network)  architecture  which  is  a 
variant of the ResNet (Residual Network) family, widely used for deep 
learning tasks, particularly in computer vision (He et al., 2016). ResNet- 
34 was used inside the fast.ai framework (Howard and Gugger, 2020) to 
leverage  existing  knowledge,  this  is  particularly  useful  in  our  dataset 
since its small size. Transfer learning generally consists in using a model 
pre-trained  on  broad  datasets,  like  ImageNet  (Deng  et  al.,  2009),  to 
specialized tasks with more limited data. As part of the cross-validation 
of the Leave-One-Group-Out approach, the test directory containing the 
multitemporal transect was temporarily moved to test, and DataLoaders

Bank, D., Koenigstein, N., Giryes, R., 2023. Autoencoders. In: Machine Learning for Data 
Science Handbook: Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery Handbook, pp. 353–374. 
Belgiu, M., Dr˘agut¸, L., 2016. Random forest in remote sensing: a review of applications 

and future directions. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 114, 24–31. 
Carrascal, L.M., Galv´an, I., Gordo, O., 2009. Partial least squares regression as an 

alternative to current regression methods used in ecology. Oikos 118 (5), 681–690. 
Castilho, C.V., Magnusson, W.E., de Araújo, R.N.O., Luizao, R.C., Luizao, F.J., Lima, A.P., 

Higuchi, N., 2006. Variation in aboveground tree live biomass in a central 
Amazonian Forest: effects of soil and topography. For. Ecol. Manag. 234 (1–3), 
85–96. 

Chauvel, A., Lucas, Y., Boulet, R., 1987. On the genesis of the soil mantle of the region of 

Manaus, Central Amazonia, Brazil. Experientia 43, 234–241.

In  summary,  in  the  first  stage  of  the  model,  the  Convolutional 
Autoencoder, is trained on the training 2D point cloud image data. The 
autoencoder, composed of an encoder and a decoder, learns to recon-
struct the input image (Kingma and Welling, 2019). After training, the 
encoder part of the autoencoder is used to transform both the training 
and testing images into a lower-dimensional representation. The second 
stage  of  the  model  involves  training  a  PLSR  on  the  encoded  training 
images  (transformed  into  a  vector)  and  their  corresponding  value  of 
HAND. Once the model has been trained, it is deployed to predict the 
HAND of the test multitemporal transects. Similar to the classification 
problem  where  a  majority  voting  strategy  was  utilized  in  the  testing 
data, the median was computed for each 450 m multitemporal transect 
containing  90  2D  point  cloud  images.  Subsequently,  these  median

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is to classify 2D point cloud images into three categories: "Plateau", "White-sand", and "Riparian". This is achieved by employing the fast.ai platform and utilizing a Leave-One-Group-Out (LOGO) cross-validation method. The pretrained ResNet-34 architecture, a variant of the Residual Network family, is used within the fast.ai framework to leverage existing knowledge due to the small size of the dataset. The model is retrained for each fold in the cross-validation process to prevent information transfer from previous folds.