Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Short-billed (common/mew) Gull Larus canus 
Geographic information system (GIS) 
Open access data 
Big data 
Socio-economics 
Multi-year field work 
Machine learning ensemble predictions 
(RandomForest Treenet CART MARS)

information system (GIS) platform and then added 68 open-access predictor layers, including socio-economic U. 
S. Census data. We trained, tested, and evaluated the performance of an ensemble of machine learning models, 
resulting in predictions of gull-abundance hotspots and coldspots, at 100-m resolution for inference. We find that 
Short-billed Gulls prefer the synergy of industrial areas near man-made water bodies, impervious surfaces, gravel 
pits, strip malls, transfer sites (garbage dumps) and some young forest vegetation. This study is a first-known 
attempt  to  utilize  a  blended  ‘Big  Data’  approach,  in  combination  with  traditional  multi-year  field-based data 
collection and alternative model assessments, in order to characterize an urban seabird niche. Our findings, and 
the digital infrastructure herein, provide an interdisciplinary baseline for potential applications in urban plan-
ning and monitoring the spread of disease reservoirs.

Put Fig. 4 app here: Predicted RIO for Short-billed Gulls based on a 

machine learning ensemble. 

Put Fig. 5 app here: Time series data for a ‘presence site’ in Fairbanks 
during summer 2017 that is a raven hotspot for the ecological niche in 
winter. 

Put  Table  3  app  here:  Model  Diagnostics  importance  rank  of  pre-

dictors from machine learning model. 

Put Fig. 6 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

first top-ranked Predictor (soil type). 

Put Fig. 7 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

second top-ranked Predictor (vegetation class). 

Put Fig. 8 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

third top-ranked Predictor (distance to water). 

Put Fig. 9 app here: Model Diagnostics 3D Partial Dependence plot of 
top-ranked  continuous  predictor  (distance  to  water  vs  distance  to 
transfer site). 

3.3. Model assessment

2.3. Machine learning ensembles 

We  used  the  combined  2014–2015  Short-billed  Gull  presence/ 
absence data cube to train an ensemble of machine learning (ML) models 
in Salford Predictive Modeler (SPM) v8.3 (Formula 1). We used several 
established and leading ML algorithms (Hegel et al., 2010; Fern´andez- 
Delgado et al., 2014 for overview) and combined them in an averaged 
ensemble to obtain the best-possible prediction and overall synergy from 
each algorithm best as possible (sensu J. Friedman ‘many weak learners 
make for a strong learner’; Friedman, 2002, Hastie et al., 2009. See also 
Hardy et al., 2011, Fox et al., 2017 and Boulanger-Lapointe et al., 2022 
for applications). That approach will overcome stand-alone approaches 
such  as  linear  regression,  which  do  not  offer  unique  solutions,  e.g. 
Ascombe’s Quartet, and have difficulty to meet all required parametric 
assumptions (McArdle, 1988). The specific algorithms and their settings 
are described below.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not explicitly mention the use of any deep learning models such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Instead, it discusses using an ensemble of machine learning models, specifically Random Forest, TreeNet, Classification and Regression Trees (CART), and Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines (MARS). These are not considered deep learning models but rather traditional machine learning techniques. Therefore, no specific deep learning model was mentioned in the given context.