Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

extending  the  possibility  for  a  wide  coverage.  The  improvements  in 
Explainable  Artificial  Intelligence  techniques  can  make  it  easy  to  un-
derstand and interpret the deep learning models' predictions, and also to 
evaluate  and  improve  the  models.  The  large-scale  inferences  from  a 
study could see an interplay between the low power edge devices and 
virtually unlimited storage and compute resources with cloud technol-
ogies. By incorporating the processing on the camera trap, it is possible 
to obtain timely information from large scale ecological studies, even at 
the global scale. With further improvements in the battery technologies, 
deep learning model optimizations, and better hardware, it would soon 
become easier and common for ecological studies to utilize customized 
camera  trap  devices  with  on-board  classification,  visualization,  and 
communications.

Neural architecture search (NAS) was used for developing the Effi-
cientNetV2B0 model, and for the optimization of parameter efficiency 
and  training  speed  (Tan  and  Le,  2021).  The  model  performance  was 
improved  using  progressive  learning  to  adapt  regularization  to  the 
image size (Tan and Le, 2021). EfficientNetV2 is a family of models (B0 
to B7), and B0 is the smallest variant in the family (Keras, n.d), with the 
other  models  progressively  increasing  in  performance  going  up  to 
EfficientNetV2B7.

Vision Transformers (ViT) (Dosovitskiy et al., 2021) are based on an 
alternative attention-based model design rather than CNN. The trans-
former  architecture was first applied on Natural Language Processing 
(NLP)  problems.  The  recent  ground-breaking  research  outputs  of 
Generative  Pre-trained  Transformer  (GPT)  and  Bidirectional  Encoder 
Representations from Transformers (BERT) are all based on the trans-
former architecture. The concepts of attention were later applied to the 
image classification problems as Vision Transformers (Dosovitskiy et al., 
2021). The transformers use the relationship between words, termed as 
attention, whereas the vision transformers determine relationships be-
tween patches of images. ViT have since achieved performance similar 
to convolution-based architectures. There are many vision transformer 
architectures for image classification but we chose MobileViT (Mehta 
and Rastegari, 2022) models proposed as a small model for embedded

pre-trained FasterRCNN+InceptionResNetV2 model (TensorFlow Hub) 
without training, to classify ten images of each species, and achieved a 
classification accuracy of 71% (Carl et al., 2020). Transfer learning was 
used for a small dataset comprising 17 object classes with 275 images 
per  class,  achieving  an  accuracy  of  92%  (Duggan  et  al.,  2021).  The

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any specific details about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.