Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

are  influencing  the  reproductive  process  ought  to  be  considered.  The 
incorporation  of  covariates  on  the  reproductive  process  requires 
analytical tools beyond the simple description of gonadal development. 
During  the  last  decade  the  application  of  Machine  Learning  (ML) 
techniques has grown in many research areas, serving to model complex 
relationships in ecology, genetics, and climate change (Lindegren et al., 
2020;  Rolnick  et  al.,  2022;  Schrider  and  Kern,  2018;  Smoli´nski  and 
Radtke, 2017). Machine learning algorithms use computational methods 
to  “learn”  directly  from  data  without  relying  on  a  carefully  defined 
function  as  a  model  -  in  contrast  to  a  linear  model  say,  where  the 
function must be made explicit. They are generally predictive models 
and characterised by having few assumptions and little dependency on 
the  classic  statistical  assumptions  of  conventional  models  (e.g.  error

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Applying machine learning to predict reproductive condition in fish 

Andr´es Flores a,*, Rodrigo Wiff b, c, Carl R. Donovan d,e, Patricio G´alvez f 
a Independent Researcher, Vi˜na del Mar, Chile 
b Center of Applied Ecology and Sustainability (CAPES), Pontificia Universidad Cat´olica de Chile, Santiago, Chile 
c Instituto Milenio en Socio-Ecología Costera (SECOS), Chile 
d DMP Statistical Solutions UK Ltd, St. Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
e School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of St Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
f Divisi´on de Investigaci´on Pesquera, Instituto de Fomento Pesquero, Valparaíso, Chile   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Histology 
Gonadosomatic index 
Maturity 
Random forest 
Merluccius gayi gayi

Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been successfully applied in 
teleost  and  elasmobranch  reproductive  biology,  used  to  determine 
maturation  condition,  sex,  and  spawning  habitats  (Brown-Peterson 
et al., 2021; Brownscombe et al., 2020; Rogers et al., 2017; Slembrouck 
et  al.,  2019;  Vitale  et  al.,  2006).  In  this  study,  Random  Forests  (RF) 
analyses  proved  to  be  similarly  effective  in  classifying  maturity  in 
Chilean hake, with high precision measured against the gold-standard of 
histological  staging.  The  RF’s  accuracy  in  classifying  immature  and 
mature-inactive females was notably high, in contrast to macroscopic 
analysis which generally misassigned these stages due to their similar 
external characteristics of the gonads – making them difficult to discern 
by  the  naked  eye,  even  for  experienced  scientific  observers.  This  is  a 
common  problem  in  macroscopic  analysis  beyond  Chilean  hake,

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the purpose of the deep learning model is not explicitly stated as it does not mention any specific deep learning technique or architecture. However, based on the information provided, we can infer that the primary goal of the model is to classify the maturity stage of Chilean hake using histological staging as the gold standard.

The authors employed Random Forests (RF) analyses, which is a type of ensemble learning method commonly used for classification tasks. The main objective of applying RF analyses was to accurately classify the maturity stage of Chilean hake into categories such as immature and mature-inactive females.

The results demonstrated that the RF approach achieved high precision when compared to the gold-standard histological staging. Moreover, the RF model outperformed macroscopic analysis, which often led to incorrect assignments due to the similar external characteristics of the gonads between immature and mature-inactive females.

Therefore, based on the given context, we can conclude that the purpose of the deep learning model is to perform classification tasks, specifically to classify the maturity stage of Chilean hake more accurately than traditional methods like macroscopic analysis.