Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(3) 

The second term of Eq. (3) indicates that DTW searches for the least 
cost  path  horizontally,  vertically,  and  diagonally  from  the  current 
element or cell (i (cid:0) 1, j (cid:0) 1) in a forward way. At each time step, DTW 
finds the closest points at t = (i, j) of two time series for comparisons. 
DTW generates an accumulative cost matrix with D(i, j) as the element at 
the ith row and jth column. Last, DTW determines the least cost shortest 
path  (or  the warp path)  searching  through the  accumulative distance 
matrix D from the location (1,1) to (n, m) (Berndt and Clifford, 1994; 
Giorgino, 2009). The green line is the warping or aligned path, which 
goes through the cells or elements of which the total accumulative dis-
tance is the lowest, that is, going through the lowest valley (green color) 
of the “landscape” (left panel, Fig. 3).

y1, …, yn

)

(cid:0)

d(ij) =

(cid:0) ⃒
⃒xi (cid:0) yj

⃒
⃒p )1

p, where p = 2 for Euclidean distance

(2) 

Second,  DTW  searches  for  the  path  which  has  the  minimum  total 
cumulative cost or distance traversing staring at d(1,1) and ending at d 
(n, m) using dynamic programming. At each time step, DTW finds the 
least cost path forward using the following equation (Berndt and Clif-
ford, 1994; Giorgino, 2009): 

Fig. 3. Dynamic programming for determining the least total cumulative distance from the begin and end of time series (left panel). The blue line is the shortest path. 
The Sakoe-Chiba band (purple color) constrains the search for the shortest total cumulative distance within the band during the dynamic programming of dynamic 
time warping (right panel). The band is created with a wind size of 2 along the main diagonal. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the 
reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, etc. However, it discusses the application of Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) in aligning time series data. DTW uses dynamic programming to find the optimal alignment between two sequences by minimizing the overall distance or cost. This process involves creating an accumulated cost matrix and finding the least cost path from start to finish. It also mentions the use of the Sakoe-Chiba band to constrain the search space during the dynamic programming phase of DTW. Therefore, based on the given context, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline.