Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

Image  classification  is  one  of  the  most  well-studied  problems  in 
computer vision (Everingham et al., 2010; Lu and Weng, 2007). This is 
evidenced by the development of one of the largest natural image da-
tabases in the field. Originally released as part of a worldwide compe-
tition  called  the  ImageNet  Large  Scale  Visual  Recognition  Challenge 
(ILSVRC) (Krizhevsky et al., 2012), ImageNet spans 1000 object classes 
in more than 1.2 millions of annotated images and is considered one of 
the most relevant benchmarks for new algorithms. In our study we focus 
on a specific type of image classification problem where given an image, 
the goal is to assign a single label from a set of several options (usually 
represented as a categorical variable). Specifically, given a set of patches 
containing  one  single  shrub  each,  we  want  to  determine  the  species 
(class) that each of them belongs to from the six possible options in the 
site.

3.3.2. Data augmentation 

Data augmentation is a technique for expanding a data set without 
acquiring additional data. By applying transformations to the existing 
data, new images are generated that are slightly different while main-
taining the same class. This technique is used to allow for the training of 
larger networks and to balance the data. When the training set is un-
balanced (classes with a significantly larger number of examples), the 
trained models will become biased towards larger classes. Augmentation 
can be used to increase the data for the classes with less representation, 
which  allows  all  classes  to  be  learned  in  a  uniform  manner.  Care  is 
needed in these situations as any change in the composition of data risks 
the training sets not being representative of real-life situations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the parameters of the deep learning networks are adjusted using annotated data, which is typically referred to as a supervised approach. This suggests that some form of manual or automated annotation was applied to the dataset before it was used to train the deep learning models. Common annotation techniques include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation, among others. Bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangles around objects of interest within an image, while semantic segmentation requires pixel-level labeling of entire regions within an image. Instance segmentation combines both approaches, allowing for individual instances of objects to be identified and labeled separately. Without further details, it cannot be determined which specific annotation techniques were employed in this case.