Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

Fig. 2 summarizes a series of processes in designing a deep-learning 
architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool. Subsequent sections will 
provide a comprehensive description of each section. 

2.1. Data collection

2.6. Performance metrics 

Conventional  metrics  were  used  to  evaluate  the  model’s  perfor-
mance, such as confusion matrices, accuracy, recall, precision, F1-score, 
Cohen  Kappa,  and  the  area under  the  ROC curve,  some of  which  are 
defined below (Johnson and Khoshgoftaar, 2019).  

Table 1 
List of hyperparameters utilized for training the Recurrent Neural Network 
model.  

Hyperparameter 

Value 

Optimizer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 
Epochs 
Dropout rate 
Loss function 

ADAM (Kingma and Ba, 2017) 
0.003 
32 
100 
0.5 
Binary Cross Entropy  

●  Confusion Matrix

Machine learning coupled with big data technology has permeated 
agriculture  to  inform  crop,  livestock,  and  water  management  (Liakos 
et  al.,  2018).  For  example,  previous  studies  have  successfully  used 
artificial  intelligence  to  analyze  and  classify  animal  behavior  (Klean-
thous et al., 2022), and evaluate animal well-being (McLennan et al., 
2015).  Furthermore,  the  use  of  neural  networks  or  deep  learning  ar-
chitectures has significantly increased for solving entomological prob-
lems  (Marinho  et  al.,  2023;Peng  and  Wang,  2022;  Tuda  and  Luna- 
Maldonado,  2020).  For  example,  Convolutional  Neural  Networks 
(CNN)  have  been  applied  to  the  classification  of  fruit  fly  pupae  as 
parasitized or healthy (Marinho et al., 2023) and the recognition of in-
sect  pest  species  (Peng  and  Wang,  2022;  Tuda  and  Luna-Maldonado, 
2020).  Regarding  honey  bees,  recent  studies  have  proposed  deep

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using honey bee flight activity data and a deep learning model as a 
toxicovigilance tool 

Ulises Olivares-Pinto a, C´edric Alaux b, Yves Le Conte b, Didier Crauser b, Alberto Prado a,* 
a Escuela Nacional de Estudios Superiores Unidad Juriquilla, Universidad Nacional Aut´onoma de M´exico, Blvd. Juriquilla 3001, 76230, Juriquilla, Quer´etaro, Mexico 
b INRAE, Abeilles et Environnement, Avignon, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Honeybee flight activity 
Toxicovigilance 
Neurotoxic pesticides 
Recurrent neural network

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine what data annotation techniques were employed based solely on this context.