Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Variants  of  the  VGG  network  have  demonstrated  that  increasing 
network  depth  can  improve  classification  accuracy  by  enabling  the 
learning  of  semantically  enriched  features.  In  the  present  work,  we 
adopted a particular architecture inspired by VGG that has 14 layers (13 
convolutional  and  one  dense  layer).  A  detailed  description  of  the  ar-
chitecture implemented in this work can be found in Section 7. 

3.2. ResNet

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)10253516P.J.S. Vega et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 9. Architecture details of the deep learning-based classifiers evaluated in this work. In the figure, each network architecture is represented in the green blocks 
separately. The orange block shows the fully connected layers at the end of all networks. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.) 

References 

Abdar, M., Pourpanah, F., Hussain, S., Rezazadegan, D., Liu, L., Ghavamzadeh, M., 

Fieguth, P., Cao, X., Khosravi, A., Acharya, U.R., et al., 2021. A review of uncertainty 
quantification in deep learning: techniques, applications and challenges. Inform. 
Fusion 76, 243–297.

Due to its success in modeling complex problems, DL, characterized 
by neural networks encompassing more hidden layers and learning pa-
rameters  than  their  predecessors,  represents  a  promising  alternative. 
Additionally,  the  increasing  availability  of  optical  imagery  datasets 
organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps is very convenient for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  DL-based  techniques  in  deep-water 
studies. However, the limited availability of labeled data for properly 
training DL models in that context still remains a major obstacle.

identify  morphology  classes;  and  another  for  S/W  fragments  classes. 
Considering  the  different  ResNet  variants  (see  Section  3.2),  networks 
based on six different architectures (i.e., VGG, ResNet18 V1, ResNet50 
V1,  ResNet18  V2,  ResNet50  V2,  and  Xception)  were  trained  for  each 
substratum type and site.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.