Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

URL. https://medium.com/sentinel-hub/improving-cloud-detection-with-machine- 
learning-c09dc5d7cf13 (accessed 4.14.22).  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203216

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wetlands 
Wetland use intensity 
East Africa 
Ecosystem health 
Earth observation 
Sentinel-2

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020324S. Steinbach et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

3. Methodology 

3.1. Wetland Use Intensity calculation

The  GEE  platform  provides  readily-processed  s2cloudless  cloud 
probability data for the complete Sentinel-2 time series, which employs 
standard values for the s2cloudless processor model variables (Skakun 
et  al.,  2022).  However,  the  user  can  still  define  thresholds  for  cloud 
probability, near-infrared (NIR) reflectance for cloud shadow detection, 
and the maximum distance from cloud edges to search for cloud shadow 
when applying the s2cloudless algorithm on a Sentinel-2 time series in 
GEE,  A  buffer  parameter  lets  the  user  define  cloud  edge  dilation 
(Braaten, 2020). As this time series included relatively cloudy images, 
the minimum cloud probability threshold was set to a comparably low 
value of 20%. A maximum NIR value, the maximum distance for cloud 
shadows, and buffer parameters of 0.15, 1 km, and 50 m, respectively, 
yielded good cloud and cloud shadow masking results.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about any specific optimization techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, or others. The text discusses the application of the s2cloudless algorithm on a Sentinel-2 time series using Google Earth Engine (GEE) but does not mention any details regarding optimization techniques employed within a deep learning framework. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate response based solely on the available context.