Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1063

117

AP

37.9

18.3

7.9

0.0

25.1

11.8

The model was trained again on all the annotated scans earlier and tested on a different
un-annotated dataset. The model performed well, based on visual inspection. In order to
evaluate the performance of the model with an average precision metric, around 200 of
these   scans   were   annotated   by   hand,   based   on   the   predicted   bounding   boxes.   The
predicted bounding boxes dramatically reduced the time to annotate these scans, since the
predictions for leaves and stems were fairly accurate. After being annotated, these scans
were compared with the predictions to evaluate the precision of the organ detection model
on this dataset.

Results

3942

1343

10

4284

138

19654

Figure 2. 

Number of taxa of different rank for the three datasets with overlaps at family, genus and
species level. P(Tr), P(Te): MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets, FR: Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset.

 
 
 
6

Younis S et al

Figure 3. 

A column chart showing the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ. Red: Test
subset, Blue: Training subset.

Figure 4. 

Families of labelled specimens (ordered by number of specimens) with number of labelled
plant organs. The share of the plant organs differs between families, which may be due to
factors depending on the plant itself and collecting habits (season, selection of identifiable
specimens).

 
 
 
 
 
 
Detection and annotation of plant organs from digitised herbarium scans ...

7

annotation was 8 to 15 herbarium sheets per hour, depending on the difficulty and number

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit information about the specific criteria used to determine when the training of the organ detection model is complete. However, it can be inferred that the model was trained until satisfactory results were achieved, as evidenced by its good performance during visual inspections and the use of average precision metrics for evaluation. Additionally, the fact that the model was able to significantly reduce the time required for manual annotations suggests that it had been adequately trained. Typically, common criteria used to determine when training is complete include reaching a validation loss plateau or achieving a desired accuracy threshold. Without further context, we cannot definitively state what criteria were used in this case.