Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Computing tools 

All the calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific 
computing centre of the Universit`a degli Studi della Tuscia. The system 
provides  for  two  Hewlett  Packard  Enterprise  (HPE)  ProLiant  DL560 
Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with: four processors Intel Xeon Gold 
5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads; and 512 GB of RAM. The two nodes 
worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package 
Ray,  version  1.9.2.  All  the  scripts  and  dataset  to  fully  reproduce  the 
results of this work are publicly available at https://github.com/lucar 
os1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo. 

2.5. Preliminary analysis with perturbed numerical solutions and given 
parameters

A single iteration of the MCMC algorithm provides for the following 
steps.  It  is  selected  a  random  row  of  the  genetic  algorithm  output 
database between [1, nMCMC], and the best parameter values are subse-
quently absorbed. As already described in Section 2.3.1, even in this case 
the  absorbed  parameter  values  are  supposed  to  be  the  mean  of  a 
Gaussian  distribution,  μ,  while  in  this  case  the  associated  variance  is 
defined as a fixed value σ2 = (0.2 μ)2. A random value is generated from 
the Gaussian distribution associated with each parameter by using the 
random.normal() function, then, the ODE system is subsequently solved. 
At the same time, the step provides for absorbing the array of experi-
mental data, allowing the comparison between the ODE model output 
and the experimental data, based on the log-probability value.

The greater effort that may be done in further studies is the set-up of 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022329L. Rossini et al.

generating distribution. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 15, 3743–3773. 

ARSIAL, 2019. SIARL - Servizio Integrato Agrometeorologico della Regione Lazio [WWW 

Document]. URL. http://www.arsial.it/portalearsial/agrometeo/index.asp. 

Baumg¨artner, J., Severini, M., 1987. Microclimate and arthropod phenologies: The leaf 
miner Phyllonorycter blancardella F. (Lep.) as an example. In: Prodi, F., Rossi, F., 
Cristoferi, G. (Eds.), International Conference on Agrometeorology. Fondazione 
Cesena Agricultura Publ, Cesena, pp. 225–243. 

Bellagamba, V., di Cola, G., Cavalloro, R., 1987. Stochastic models in fruit-fly population 
dynamics. In: Proceedings of the CEC/IOBC International Symposium “Fruit Flies of 
Economic Importance 87.”, pp. 91–98.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. However, it can be inferred that the scripts and datasets used in this study are publicly available at <https://github.com/lucaros1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo>. Therefore, the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline is likely to be <https://github.com/lucaros1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo>.