Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical analyses

cation. The precision was estimated by dividing the number of cow calls 
detected by the software by the total number of ROIs within the “Cow” 
cluster (Knight et al., 2017; P´erez-Granados and Schuchmann, 2020a) 
and can be interpreted as an index of the percentage of ROIs correctly 
labeled by Kaleidoscope.

4. Discussion

To  introduce  adequate  parameters  in  Kaleidoscope,  we  measured, 
with a Raven Pro 1.6 (Bioacoustics Research Program, 2019), 55 cow 
calls recorded in the study area and using the same recorder (Song Meter 
SM2)  (Fig.  2).  Based  on  our  results  (Table  1),  the  signal  parameters 
introduced were as follows: maximum intersyllable gap: 0.5 s; minimum 
and  maximum  detection  length:  0.3  and  5  s;  and  minimum  and 
maximum frequency: 100 and 1800 Hz. The maximum intersyllable gap 
was set to 0.5 s to detect a single vocalization when there were over-
lapping individuals. Similarly, the maximum detection length was set to 
5 s, which is double the maximum length obtained for an independent 
cow call (see Table 1), to allow the software to detect overlapping in-
dividuals as a single vocalization.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete or any mention of validation loss plateau. However, based on general machine learning practices, common criteria to determine when training is complete include reaching a predefined number of epochs, achieving a desired level of accuracy or performance, observing no further improvement in validation loss or accuracy, or meeting other custom stopping conditions. In this case, without explicit details from the provided context, it cannot be definitively stated what criteria are used to determine when training is complete.