Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical analysis 

2.4.1. Random forest classification

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10268512

2.2. Training data and validation distribution data 

The workflow adopted for data acquisition, preparation and to set RF 
models are summarized in Fig. 2. The field data were collected during 
the summer season in 2010 (see Boscutti et al., 2015 for details about the 
field sampling procedure). The presence or absence and the cover per-
centage of the three seagrass species were recorded for each sampling 
point, by means of inspection and sampling of the seabed. To reduce the 
effects  introduced  by  non-vegetated  and  mixed  pixels,  the  points  not 
falling within the region of interest (ROI) (i.e. main channels and tidal 
islands  of  the  lagoon), and  the  points  considered  mixed  (i.e.  those in 
which  the  co-occurrence  of  multiple  species  was  recorded),  were 
removed. The removed mixed points represented 16.7% of the original 
data.  Considering  the different  combinations of  the three  species’  co-

These datasets were used to further validate the classification per-
formance of the models over the considered time period. For both years, 
a  total  of  155  points  were  randomly  distributed  within  the  lagoon. 
Through  photointerpretation  analysis,  an  ID  corresponding  to  the 
presence/absence of seagrass meadows was assigned to each point. In 
addition,  another  validation  dataset  of  155  field  training  points  was 
available  for  the  year  2019  representing  a  subsample  of  the  data 
collected in 2010 (unpublished data), were species occurrence was also 
recorded (Fig. 1). 

2.3. Satellite data and image preprocessing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the deployment process of the trained deep learning model based on the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response to this specific query.