Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.5.3. Artificial neural network 

ANNs are used for modelling complex phenomena and developing 
nonlinear regression (Haykin and Lippmann, 1994). It consists of three 
different  layers:  input,  hidden,  and  output  (Ingram  et  al., 2005).  The 
ANN uses calibration parameters, such as the learning rate and weight, 
to improve the results. The weights were randomly initialized using the 
Nguyen–Widrow method (Zhou et al., 2016). An ANN fitted with CARET 
is a single hidden-layer neural network with two hyperparameters: size 
and decay. The number of units in the hidden layer (size) and regular-
isation parameter to avoid overfitting (decay) were passed as arrays of 
1–20  and  0.025–1,  respectively.  The  Transfer/Activation  function  for 
the  model was  selected  as  the  logistic  function.  The  optimum  combi-
nation of parameters for the best model fit was based on accuracy. 

3.6. Model fitting and evaluation

Fig. 5. Model predicted vs observed AGB (a) Random Forest, (b) Artificial Neural Network, (c) Support vector machine of Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024087R.K. Singh et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024083R.K. Singh et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific frameworks or libraries, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch, were used to build the deep learning models mentioned. Therefore, I cannot determine which frameworks were used to build the deep learning models from the provided context.