Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

by imaging 
platform / camera 

image-camera- 
orientation* 
image-platform 

image- 
illumination 

image-scale- 
reference 

image-practical- 
constraints* 

Image-level capture 

image-datetime 

data 

image-longitude 
image-latitude 
image-depth 
image-meters- 
above-ground 
image- 
acquisition- 
settings 
image-pixel-per- 
millimeter 
image-area- 
square-meter 
image-curation- 
protocol 

image-annotation- 
QAQC* 

Image and data 

curation 

Ancillary data 
captured 

image-other-data* 

Documentation 
references 

image- 
documentation- 
capture* 
image- 
documentation- 
processing* 

Use of bait (type, quantity, position 
related to imagery, etc.) 
mapping: planned path execution 
along 2–3 spatial axes, stationary: 
fixed spatial position, survey: 
planned path execution along free 
path, exploration: unplanned path 
execution, experiment: observation 
of manipulated environment, 
sampling: ex-situ imaging of samples 
taken by other method 
Camera orientation to subject

ground,  image-acquisition-settings,  image-pixel-per-millimeter,  image-area- 
square-meter),  and  image  and  derived  data  curation  (image-curation- 
protocol, image-annotation-QAQC). Finally, the target population defini-
tion  should  include  information  about  any  ancillary  data  captured 
(image-other-data). Metadata fields for documentation (image-documen-
tation-capture,  image-documentation-processing,  image-documentation-ver-
image-documentation- 
sions, 
publications) are also included to facilitate connections between multiple 
image sets (see ‘Defining the target population at different phases of an 
imaging project’, below).

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

Perpendicular, oblique, 
other 
Text  

sunlight, artificial light, 
mixed light 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

sampling 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

3D camera, calibrated 
camera, laser marker, 
optical flow 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

Text 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

UTC: YYYY-MM-DD HH: 
MM:SS.SSSSS   
Decimal degrees   
Decimal degrees   
Float [m]   
Float [m]   

Camera exif data (aperture, ISO, 
shutter speed, etc.) 

yaml/json   

Image pixel resolution & magnitude 

Image field of view (dimensioned)

image-documentation-biologicaldata, 

The fields were designed to include machine-readable content and 
restricted values where possible to facilitate searchability and classifi-
cation of images, and significantly increasing the number of machine- 
readable  fields  storing  such  metadata  in  other  data  standards  (see 
below). Many aspects of defining the target population require rationale 
to  be  documented;  this  includes  necessary  textual  interpretation  of 

constraints and choices which are more difficult to translate to machine 
readability. While the inclusion of text fields is not strictly FAIR, the set 
of attributes is an important step towards documentation and structured 
metadata for marine imaging in biological studies. 

2.2. Extension of the iFDO standard

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the primary data format being discussed is related to images. The context mentions various metadata fields associated with images, including 'image-longitude', 'image-latitude', 'image-depth', 'image-meters- above-ground', 'image-acquisition- settings', 'image-pixel-per-millimeter', 'image-area- square-meter', among others. Additionally, there are references to 'image-curation- protocol' and 'image-annotation-QAQC'. However, the context does not explicitly mention any specific file format for these images, nor does it discuss any other types of data formats like audio or video. Therefore, based on the provided context, we can infer that the primary data format used in this case is likely to be some form of digital image files.