Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

and store the objects in binary format. This file format data requires less 
space to hold and transfer the data. ‘TFRecords’ file format data requires 
less time for model training and testing and is the ultimate choice for 
larger datasets. For our YOLO model training, we wrote a function that 
takes the .xml file formats as input and converts them to a .txt file format 
where the bounding-box coordinates of objects are stored in a dictio-
nary.  Each  line  of  text  in  the  .txt  file  describes  bounding-box 
information.

image,  and  the  produced  feature  maps  are  cropped  upon  the  object 
proposal. An RoI pooling layer is applied to extract a fixed length vector. 
This  feature  vector  is  processed  through  fully  connected  networks  to 
predict class probabilities and refine the bounding boxes. Faster R-CNN 
(Ren et al., 2015) is the most popular object detection algorithm. In the 
Faster R-CNN model, the input images are fed into a CNN, which pro-
duces feature maps from the input images. A different neural network, 
RPN, is applied to predict the candidate bounding boxes. RoI pooling 
layers are applied to reshape the inputs. These properties render these 
two-stage  detectors  superior  to  one-stage  detectors.  Among  the  two- 
stage  detector,  EfficientDet  (Tan  et  al.,  2020)  architecture  is  gaining 
popularity owing to its excellent detection performance as  well as its 
relatively lower FLOPS (floating point operations per second) than in 
other object detection models.

H. ovalis) with a max stride of 32. It is worth noting that data augmen-
tation is a well-proven and common technique to avoid overfitting and 
to render a model generalised. We applied random cropping, horizontal/ 
vertical flipping, image rotation, image translation, zooming, brightness 
adjustment,  contrast  adjustment,  hue  and  saturation  adjustment, 
gaussian  noise,  random  erasing  both  of  our  models  training,  which 
helped increase the size and variability of our dataset.

EffcientDet (Tan et al., 2020) was proposed by the Google Brain team 
and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark Microsoft 
Common  Objects  in  Context  (MS  COCO)  dataset.  It  employs  the  Effi-
cientNet as its backbone which is a widely used feature extractor that 
integrates a compound scaling technique that uniformly scales the res-
olution,  depth  and  width  of  the  network.  Thus,  it  ensures  maximum 
accuracy and efficiency under limited computing resources (Kim et al., 
2021).  Based  on  the  model-scaling  technique,  different  models  of 
various dimensions are proposed with different accuracy and efficiency. 
The  EfficientDet  family  consists  of  a  series  of  networks  from 
EfficientDet-D0  to  EfficientDet-D7.  The  network  architecture  of  Effi-
cientDet is shown in Fig. 3. To allow easy and fast multi-scale feature 
fusion,  an  improved  PANet  named  bidirectional  feature  pyramid

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The context does not provide explicit information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training, such as train, test, or validation sets. However, typically, the data is divided based on certain criteria to ensure the model's robustness and prevent overfitting. Common practices include splitting the data randomly, stratified sampling, or using temporal splits if the data has a time component. The usual ratios for dividing the data are 60-80% for training, 20-40% for testing, and optionally 10-20% for validation.