Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

System, n.d.). Table 1 shows the specific data types and their sources.

Its  data  sources  mainly  include  the  following:  (1)  The  nighttime 
lighting data is extended NPP-VIIRS-like NTL Data for 2000–2021. The 
dataset  is  available  for  free  download  at  the  National  Earth  System 
Science Data Centre (National Earth System Science Data Center, n.d.). 
(2) Provincial statistical energy data for 2000–2021 are obtained from 
the China Statistical Yearbook (China Statistical Press, n.d.), municipal 
statistical data are obtained from the Xi'an Statistical Yearbook (Xi'an 
Municipal  Bureau  of  Statistics,  n.d.),  and  carbon  emission  factors  for 
various energy sources are obtained from the “2019 Refinement to the 
2006  IPCC  Guidelines  for  National  Greenhouse  Gas  Inventory”.  (3) 
Administrative  boundary  data  for  Xi'an  (district,  county,  and  street 
administrative  boundaries)  were  provided  by  the  National  Basic 
Geographic Information System (National Basic Geographic Information

2.1. Study area and data sources 

2.1.1. Study area 

Since  the  reform  and  opening  up,  Xi'an,  as  the  core  city  of  the 
Guanzhong Plain Urban Agglomeration and a national central city, has 
been  experiencing rapid economic  development while  simultaneously 
driving  the  economic  development  of  Northwest  China  (Zhang  et  al., 
2022). Currently, Xi'an is repositioned as the core city of the “Belt and 
Road”, supporting the east and starting the west, connecting north and 
south. Xi'an is situated in the middle of the Guanzhong Plain, spanning 
45′N, as 
between longitude 107
illustrated in Fig. 2. As of 2021, the total area of Xi'an is 10,108 km2, 
encompassing  11  districts  and  two  counties.  The  city  has  a  resident 
population  of  12.952  million,  a  gross  domestic  product  of  1002.03 
billion yuan, and a population urbanization rate of 79.49%. 

49′E and latitude 33

◦
40′E-109

◦
42′N-34

◦

◦

2.1.2. Data sources

2000–2021 

Administrative 
boundaries 

2019 

National Earth System Science Data 
Centre 
Official website (http://www.geodata. 
cn) 
(China Statistical Yearbook) 
National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Official website (http://www.stast.gov. 
cn) 
(Shaanxi Statistical Yearbook) 
Official website (http://tjj.shaanxi.gov. 
cn/) 
(Xi'an Statistical Yearbook) 
Official website (http://tjj.xa.gov.cn/) 
National Basic Geographic Information 
System 
Official website (http://www.ngcc.cn)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any details about a deep learning pipeline or its associated data repository links such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.