Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Model training: We process data with a deep neural
network and adjust the training epoch, batch size, and
volume size to output a classiﬁer for prediction.
3. Result output: The point cloud test set is segmented,
and we can obtain the ﬁnal segmentation results. The
output ﬁles include point cloud geometric partition
graphs, SPGs, and segmentation results.

Results and Discussion

According to the pipeline of our framework, ﬁrst, we
compute the geometric partition. Then, each geometric
partition is converted into a superpoint. Next, we input the
superpoints in the SPG to a PointNet network for super-
point embedding. The ﬁnal operation is to segment the
point clouds based on context with a graph convolution
network. Therefore, the results of geometric partition have
a great impact on the semantic segmentation due to dif-
ferent superpoint caused by varying partition result.

We will discuss the regularization parameter l which
inﬂuences the coarseness of the partition. In formula (3),
the former term describes the ﬁdelity, and the latter is the
smoothness. The varying regularization parameter l causes
different partition results. Then, when we convert
the
partition to a superpoint, it will construct varied superpoint
graph, which is actually the neural network input.

The Structure of the SPG

2165

Fig. 1 The pipeline of the SPG framework. a Represents the original
input data (taking a tree and a pole as examples). b Is a hand-crafted
point cloud partition, c each partition is converted into a superpoint of

the SPG, and d is the network for superpoint embedding and
segmentation based on PointNet and GRU. The black lines represent
the superedges

with K ¼ P3
adjacency:

i¼1 ki,

E ¼ (cid:3)

3
X

i¼1

ki
K

log

(cid:2) (cid:3)
ki
K

in accordance with the optimal

ð1Þ

The linearity, planarity, and scattering are derived by the

following terms:

linearity ¼

planrity ¼

scattering ¼

k1 (cid:3) k2
k1
k2 (cid:3) k3
k1

k3
k1

ð2Þ

The linearity describes how elongated the adjacency is,
the planarity assesses how plane the adjacency is, the high-
scattering values are used to represent an isotropic and
spherical adjacency. We describe these three point features
as geometric features.

Guan, H., Yu, Y., Zheng, J., Li, J., & Zhang, Q. (2015). Deep
learning-based tree classiﬁcation using mobile LiDAR data.
Remote Sensing Letters, 6(11), 864–873.

Guerrero, P., Kleiman, Y., Ovsjanikov, M., & Mitra, N. J. (2017).
PCPNET: Learning local shape properties from raw point
clouds. Computer Graphics Forum, 37(2), 75–85.

Guinard, S., & Landrieu, L. (2017). Weakly supervised segmentation-
aided classiﬁcation of urban scenes from 3D lidar point clouds.
International Archives of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing
and Spatial Information Sciences, XLII-1/W1, 151–157. https://
doi.org/10.5194/isprs-archives-XLII-1-W1-151-2017

Hackel, T., Savinov, N., Ladicky, L., Wegner, J. D., Schindler, K., &
Pollefeys, M. (2017). Semantic3d.net: A new large-scale point
the Pho-
cloud classiﬁcation benchmark . ISPRS Annals of
togrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences,
IV-1/W1, 91–98. https://doi.org/10.5194/isprs-annals-IV-1-W1-
91-2017

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information about specific data annotation techniques such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation being used in the deep learning pipeline. However, the text does mention that the model training involves processing data with a deep neural network to output a classifier for prediction. This suggests that some form of labeled data is likely being used during the training phase. Additionally, the discussion of the results mentions the segmentation of a point cloud test set and obtaining final segmentation results, indicating that semantic segmentation may be one of the tasks performed in this pipeline. It should also be noted that the references section includes papers related to classification and segmentation tasks, further supporting this interpretation. Without more detailed information about the specific dataset and preprocessing steps involved, it is not possible to definitively state what data annotation techniques were used.