Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

using 

The  first  step  (data  filtering)  involves  data  acquisition  and  masks 
application  (Fig.  1).  From  the  EECE,  users  can  retrieve  the  EOS  data 
catalogue  from  the  GEE  online  repository  (https://developers.google. 
com/earth-engine/datasets/), 
ee.ImageCollection() 
constructor. Constructor arguments must also be included, such as fil-
terDate, which limits the collection to a selected period, and the inner 
clip function that cuts it within a specific study area extent. The identi-
fied  public  image  series  (time  series)  may  be  preprocessed,  but  also 
undergo the previously mentioned QA bands-based masking processes 
for each satellite, through optionally implementable masking functions 
(in yellow as depicted below). 

the

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

Montero, D., Aybar, C., Mahecha, M.D., Martinuzzi, F., S¨ochting, M., Wieneke, S., 2023. 
A standardized catalogue of spectral indices to advance the use of remote sensing in 
earth system research. Sci. Data 10 (1), 197. 

Park, S.K., Schowengerdt, R.A., 1983. Image reconstruction by parametric cubic 

convolution. Computer vision, graphics, and image processing 23 (3), 258–272. 
Perrone, M., Di Febbraro, M., Conti, L., Divíˇsek, J., Chytrý, M., Keil, P., et al., 2023. The 
relationship between spectral and plant diversity: disentangling the influence of 
metrics and habitat types at the landscape scale. Remote Sens. Environ. 293, 113591. 
Pettorelli, N., Vik, J.O., Mysterud, A., Gaillard, J.M., Tucker, C.J., Stenseth, N.C., 2005. 
Using the satellite-derived NDVI to assess ecological responses to environmental 
change. Trends Ecol. Evol. 20 (9), 503–510.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it is not explicitly stated what data format is used in the deep learning pipeline. However, since the context discusses retrieving EOS data catalogues from the Google Earth Engine (GEE) online repository using ee.ImageCollection(), we can infer that the data format being used is likely images or raster data. This is further supported by the mention of applying masks to the data, which is a common practice when working with image data. Therefore, while it cannot be definitively confirmed without additional information, it appears that the data format used in this case is most likely image data.