Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

11

and fruits in between these. Seeds are rarely visible on herbarium sheets and require more
training material.

Table 4. 

Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset.

AP50

32.1

Table 5. 

AP75

16.1

AP

16.8

Average Precision of each type of organ along with the total bounding boxes for each category in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset.

Category

Leaf

Flower

Fruit

Seed

Stem

Root

Bounding Boxes

3362

1921

183

47

1063

117

AP

37.9

18.3

7.9

0.0

25.1

11.8

Results

Marco   Schmidt  is   botanist   at   Senckenberg   Biodiversity   and   Climate   Research   Center
(SBIK-F)   with   a   focus   on   African   savannahs   and   biodiversity   informatics   (e.g.   online
databases like African Plants - a photo guide and West African vegetation) and is working
at Palmengarten’s scientific service, curating living collections and collection databases.
Contributions: concept of study, annotation and verification of herbarium scans, preparation
of the manuscript.

Claus   Weiland  is   theoretical   biologist   at   SBIK-F’s   Data   &   Modelling   Centre   with   main
interests in graph neural networks and bio-ontologies. Contributions: Design of the GPU
platform, data analysis and preparation of the manuscript.

1063

117

AP

37.9

18.3

7.9

0.0

25.1

11.8

The model was trained again on all the annotated scans earlier and tested on a different
un-annotated dataset. The model performed well, based on visual inspection. In order to
evaluate the performance of the model with an average precision metric, around 200 of
these   scans   were   annotated   by   hand,   based   on   the   predicted   bounding   boxes.   The
predicted bounding boxes dramatically reduced the time to annotate these scans, since the
predictions for leaves and stems were fairly accurate. After being annotated, these scans
were compared with the predictions to evaluate the precision of the organ detection model
on this dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information provided in the given context to determine how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. The text does not mention any specific methods such as grid search or random search used for hyperparameter optimization. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to this query based solely on the available information.