Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

Lewisham,  Southwark,  and  Chepstow  were  used  as  case  studies  to  develop  a  REVIS  system  and  validate  the 
proposed framework. REVIS examined the framework's ability to capture granular pollution data, scale up its 
storage facility to rapid data growth and translate high-level user queries to structured query language (SQL) 
required  for  exploratory  data  analysis.  Finally,  the  framework's  suitability  for  predictive  analytics  was  tested 
using fastai's library for tabular data, and automated hyperparameter tuning was implemented using bayesian 
optimisation. The results of our experiments demonstrate the suitability of the proposed framework in building 
end-to-end systems for extensive monitoring and forecasting of pollutant concentration levels on highways. The 
study serves as a background for future related research looking to improve the overall performance of roadside 
and highway air quality forecasting models.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160913T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 14. Plots of bare metal vs GPU instance as number of devices increased.  

6. Conclusion 

A cost-effective deep learning framework for ubiquitous monitoring 
and  predicting  pollutant  concentration  levels  on  UK  highways  was 

proposed  in  this  study.  An  implementation  of  the  framework  was 
demonstrated using the REVIS system. Details of the development of the 
REVIS IoT hardware for data collection, the configuration of big data 
tools  for  data  storage  and  the  and  results  of  trained  deep  learning

and PM10 pollutants and evaluation using deep learning, future research 
can focus on investigating other pollutants such as CO2, SO2 and Ozone 
as well as other machine learning approaches for estimation. This study 
is a part of a series of publications highlighting research findings on the 
REVIS  project.  This  is  just  a  scratch  on  the  surface  of  our  research 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160915T.D. Akinosho et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper proposes a deep learning framework for highway air quality monitoring and prediction. However, it does not explicitly mention the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. Nevertheless, based on the information given, we can infer that the REVIS system, which was used as a case study to develop and validate the proposed framework, employs IoT hardware for data collection. Therefore, it can be assumed that sensors or similar IoT devices are likely being used to collect raw data for the deep learning pipeline. Unfortunately, without more explicit details from the authors, we cannot provide further insight into the exact types of sensors or devices employed by the REVIS system.