Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

a new task with a very limited dataset, usually only 1–5 thumbnails per 
class.

1)  We  trained  a  classic  DL  algorithms  architecture  with  our  biggest 

dataset AT0 as a baseline for the DL accuracy;  

2)  We  trained  the  same  DL  architecture  with  the  same  hyper- 
parameters (e.g. model architecture and training process) but on a 
much  more  limited  dataset  (AT1).  Hyper-parameters  are  the  pa-
rameters  defining  the  architecture (number of  layers, number and 
size of convolutions, connections between layers) and the training 
process  of  a  Deep  Model  (learning  rate,  neurone  activation,  back- 
propagation compotation).;  

3)  We trained the same DL architecture with limited datasets obtained 
by  subsampling  T0  to  250  and  500  images  per  class  (here  after 
“species” when we are referring to our experiments), corresponding 
to 2500 and 5000 thumbnails in AT0;

There are two ways to tackle this problem of lack of data. The first 
one  consists  of  directly  addressing  the  data  itself,  through  data 
augmentation (Van Dyk and Meng, 2012; Wang and Perez, 2017; Wong 
et al., 2016). The second option is to change the classification algorithm. 
Few-shots learning (FSL) algorithms (Fei-fei et al., 2006; Fink, 2005) are 
designed to compute a classification task (query, noted Q) with only a 
few  thumbnails  to  train  (Support  Sets,  noted  SS),  and  it  has  been 
increasingly studied since 2017 (Finn et al., 2017). Few-shots learning 
methods are divided into three main approaches. Metric-based methods 
are embedding both queries (Q) and support sets (Ss), before assigning to 
the query a class, according to distances computed between Q and Ss 
(Sung et al., 2018; Victor and Bruna, 2018; Yanbin et al., 2019). The 
second approach consists of 1) training a model on a large database, and

where very few images per classes are at disposal. Therefore, the dataset

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation). However, typically, the dataset is randomly partitioned into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. The training set is used to fit the parameters of the model, while the validation set is used to tune the hyperparameters of the model. Finally, the testing set is used to evaluate the performance of the fully specified model. In some cases, cross-validation techniques can be employed to ensure robustness and generalization of the results.

Answer:::