Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5. Conclusion 

In this study, we proposed a dataset comprising 9717 images of 15 
wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China’s Northeast Tiger 
and Leopard National Park. Based on this dataset, we employed 8 deep 
learning algorithms for bird object detection and evaluated their per-
formance.  Our  results  indicate  that  deep  learning-based  approaches 
have the potential to detect wild birds in camera traps efficiently. By 
applying  these  approaches,  manual  processing  costs  can  be  reduced, 
enabling  more  efficient  monitoring  of  wildlife  populations  over  wide 
areas and over time. Our findings can help conservation practitioners 
choose  appropriate  models  for  their  detection  tasks,  as  well  as  offer 
insight  on  the  use  of  deep  learning-based  technologies  to  improve 
wildlife monitoring and environmental protection.

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102466. 

References 

Krizhevsky, A., Sutskever, I., Hinton, G.E., 2017. ImageNet classification with deep 

convolutional neural networks. Commun. ACM 60, 84–90. 

Leorna, S., Brinkman, T., 2022. Human vs. machine: detecting wildlife in camera trap 

images. Eco. Inform. 72, 101876. 

Lin, T.-Y., Maire, M., Belongie, S., Hays, J., Perona, P., Ramanan, D., Doll´ar, P., 

Beery, S., Van Horn, G., Perona, P., 2018. Recognition in terra incognita. In: Proceedings 

of the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), pp. 456–473. 

Bibby, C.J., 2000. Bird Census Techniques. Elsevier. 
Bicudo, T., Llusia, D., Anci˜aes, M., Gil, D., 2023. Poor performance of acoustic indices as 
proxies for bird diversity in a fragmented Amazonian landscape. Eco. Inform. 77, 
102241. 

Borowiec, M.L., Dikow, R.B., Frandsen, P.B., McKeeken, A., Valentini, G., White, A.E., 
2022. Deep learning as a tool for ecology and evolution. Methods Ecol. Evol. 13, 
1640–1660.

Camera traps provide a wealth of visual data for wildlife conserva-
tion (Borowiec et al., 2022; Ferreira et al., 2020; Norouzzadeh et al., 
2021;  W¨aldchen  and  M¨ader,  2018).  However,  accurately  identifying 
birds from camera traps datasets is a significant challenge due to their 
small size, protective coloration, and tendency to inhabit complex forest 
backgrounds. This study constructed a wild bird dataset consisting of 15 
species and 9717 images to explore the potential value of deep learning 
methods in automating bird identification. The study also investigated 
the accuracy of 8 mainstream deep learning methods for bird identifi-
cation, analyzing the impact of species, target size, and model frame-
works on model accuracy. This research provides a novel approach for 
assisting  ecology  and  conservation  researchers  in  bird  identification. 
The dataset and accuracy validation results provided by the study will

The data was represented by video clips of 
infrared cameras in the Northeast Tiger and 
Leopard National Park from 2014 to 2020. 
The image dataset contains images of 10 
distinct bird species found in Europe. 
A semi-automatic workflow to process small 
mammal images captured by camera trapping 
in Norway  

sizes  and  possess  camouflage  adaptations  to  blend  with  their  sur-
roundings. Thus,  deep  learning  identification of  wild  birds has  yet to 
reach  a  satisfactory  level,  and  such  imprecision  can  cause  a  waste  of 
labor when studying bird populations dynamic.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given information, it appears that the primary data format used in the deep learning pipeline is images. Specifically, the dataset consists of 9717 images of 15 wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China's Northeast Tiger and Leopard National Park. These images were then utilized to evaluate the performance of eight different deep learning algorithms for bird object detection. While other types of data may have been used in the broader project or related studies, based solely on the provided context, it seems that images are the main data format being discussed here.