Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Advances in data acquisition, storage, battery power, and processing 
techniques (Howe et al., 2019); has resulted in a widespread adoption of 
PAM  globally,  recording  the  oceans  soundscape  over  larger  temporal 
and spatial scales (Wall et al., 2021; Wang et al., 2019). As the volume of 
acoustic data recorded globally increases, the time required to extract 
ecologically important information from the soundscape grows (Sugai 
et al., 2018). The information derived from PAM data often gets deliv-
ered to the research community and stakeholders long after the sensor 
has been recovered. 

Machine learning (ML) solutions for analysing acoustic signals are 
effective  tools  for  long-term  ecological  monitoring  over  timescales 
appropriate for marine management. ML can be used to classify sounds 
within a recording according to the source that generate them. In this 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: elw1g13@soton.ac.uk (E.L. White).

The model is constructed using the EfficientNet B0 network (Tan and 
Le, 2019) which had been trained for generic image classification. The 
EfficientNet feature extraction layers are frozen (transfer learning) with 
only the weights of the final dense classification layers updated during 
training.  Training  was  conducted  within  the  Google  Collaboratory 
‘Colab’  platform  (Bisong,  2019),  using  the  Tesla  K80  GPU,  accessed 
through  cloud  computing.  An  Adam  optimizer  was  used  to  control 
gradient descent during training (Kingma and Ba, 2014), with parame-
ters set to: learning rate of 0.001, decay factor of 0.75 and a step size of 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023632E.L. White et al.

way  ML  allows  the  automation  of  tasks  previously  considered  as 
requiring  manual  processing  (Stowell,  2022).  For  instance,  marine 
mammal  calls  have  been  classified  with  a  wealth  of  ML  algorithms 
including  support  vector  machines  (Jarvis  et  al.,  2008;  Roch  et  al., 
2008), generalised linear models, hidden Markov models (Brown et al., 
2010;  Pace  et  al.,  2012;  Roch  et  al.,  2011)  and  classification  and 
regression tree analysis (Oswald et al., 2003). These advances have led 
to a rise in the number of published trained CNN models available for 
researchers  to  download  and  use  as  tools.  The  performance  of  these 
CNNs has been found to rival human performance at signal recognition 
(LeCun et al., 2015). CNNs can learn to discriminate spectro-temporal 
information  directly  from  a  labelled  spectrogram,  used  as  an  image 
input. The success of CNNs within the marine bioacoustic field has been

4. Discussion 

Data labelling in sufficient quantities to train deep neural networks 
demands significant manual effort, and so the ability to apply a trained 
model on a specific ocean soundscape to other recording configurations 
and locations is greatly beneficial to the bioacoustic community. Here 
we consider the challenge of deploying a CNN developed for one marine 
environment in a new environment, for acoustic detection where class 
distribution shifts are significant. Our results illustrate that addition of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions Passive Acoustic Monitoring (PAM) as a method for recording the ocean soundscape over large temporal and spatial scales. This suggests that sensors or devices capable of passive acoustic monitoring might be employed for gathering raw data. Additionally, the mention of a'sensor recovery' implies that physical devices are deployed and later retrieved to collect the recorded data. Unfortunately, there is no further information regarding specific types of sensors, surveys, or public datasets used in the process.