Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

FERM was calibrated on daily timestep LAI outputs taken from the 
WAVES  water  and  energy  balance  model  for  Eucalyptus  largiflorens 
(Black Box) from 1949 to 2018 at three grid cells at different distances 
from the river. The Shuffle Complex Evolution method was used to fit 
parameters  by  maximizing  the  Nash-Sutcliffe  Efficiency  (NSE)  as  the 
objective function. An NSE of 1 indicates that the model has fit the given 
data exactly and a value <0 indicates the model performs worse than 
using  the  sample  mean  as  a  predictor.  Minimizing  the  Root  Mean 
Squared Error  (RMSE) as the  objective function  can be used and  will 
return  comparable  results  to  NSE  as  both  are  based  on  the  sum  of 
squared  residuals.  Importantly,  when  using  RMSE  as  the  objective 
function  and as a  metric to evaluate model performance, the statistic 
must be viewed in the context of the magnitude of model outputs. Since

was  used  as  ecological  targets  for  FERM.  Four  parameter  sets  were

4.2. Sensitivity analysis 

In order to assess the sensitivity of the output to parameter choice, 
Sobol Sensitivity Analysis (Sobol, 1990) was performed on FERM using 
the  data  from  calibration.  Sobol  sensitivity  analysis  is  also  known  as 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022525J. Teng et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using the Shuffle Complex Evolution method. This method is employed to fit parameters by maximizing the Nash-Sutcliffe Efficiency (NSE) as the objective function. An NSE of 1 indicates that the model fits the given data exactly, while a value less than 0 indicates that the model performs worse than using the sample mean as a predictor. Additionally, minimizing the Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) as the objective function can be used and will return comparable results to NSE, as both are based on the sum of squared residuals. It is important to note that when using RMSE as the objective function and as a metric to evaluate model performance, the statistic must be viewed in the context of the magnitude of model outputs.