Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These may be inferred by combining more mechanistic models with the 
empirical laboratory experiments (e.g. Guarini et al., 2021). Given the 
availability of sensors and the fast development of technology, having 
big-data on valve gaping from a few sentinel organisms together with 
temperature  and  chlorophyll,  becomes  more  and  more  feasible  these 
days. Having such big-data should improve predictions on productivity, 
and be a major aid for aquaculture decision making, for multiple areas 
and species, especially in the context of ‘precision shellfish farming’. 

Funding

4.1. Conclusions and outlook 

Given the causal relationship between valve gape and pumping rate, 
which  exists  both  for  actively  and  passively  controlled  gaping  angle 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016594C. Bertolini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 3. a & b) Principal component representation of k-means clustering of average daily gaping and rescaled environmental variables; and c & d) values of average 
gaping and rescaled environmental variables (temp = temperature, sat = saturation, tor = torbidity, clo = chlorophyll-a) for each cluster centroid. a & c refer to 
Venice Lagoon while b & d refer to Wadden Sea. Colours and shapes of each cluster in the principal component representation are matching the colours of their 
pattern representation.

gaping is linked to key metabolic functions like filtering water necessary 
for feeding and respiration.

(Jørgensen et al., 1988), changes to gaping can have long term conse-
quences on organisms energetics. Obtaining values of energetic expen-
diture  associated  with  valve  movements  would  be  highly  valuable  to 
gain a deeper understanding and to be able to model the consequences of 
gaping changes, not only in terms of its modulation of energy input, but 
also to account for associated energetic loss. Bioenergetic models can be 
used to inform both aquaculture practices and management measures: e. 
g. allocation of space for aquaculture (Bertolini et al., 2021b; Brigolin 
et  al.,  2017);  quantification  of  ecosystem  functioning  and  services 
associated both with aquaculture (Bertolini et al., 2021a; Brigolin et al., 
2009) and with naturally occurring populations. It would thus be useful 
to  apply  this  clustering  methodology,  which  yielded  some  consistent 
results amongst two species and two areas, to analyse gaping data from

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given text does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the available context.