Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the dependency on data other than temperatures and improve predic-
tion ability.

2.7. Early stopping 

It is the process that stops growing additional trees/layers/split when 
further addition of more trees/layers/split does  not improve  the vali-
dation statistic in the case of bootstrap forest and boosted tree methods. 
The  validation  statistic  included  the  (R2)  value  for  a  continuous 
response. In the case of the entire machine learning model early stop-
ping  was  enabled  so  that  the  model  would  not  overfit  the  predicted 
percent CLCuD. To address the inclination of neural networks to overfit 
data, the penalty method was employed within the framework of ANN 
models. 

3. Results 

3.1. Multiyear SMW-wise percent CLCuD incidence in the four locations

that encompasses CNN.

2.6. Boosted tree 

Boosting is a technique that involves fitting a sequence of smaller 
decision  trees,  known  as  “layers”  to  construct  a  comprehensive  and 
additive decision tree. There are only a few splits in the tree at each layer 
The residuals from the previous layers were utilized in the fitting of the 
tree, enabling each layer to make adjustments to the data that are not 
well-fit by the preceding layers. The total of all of the predictions made 
for an observation across all of the layers constituted the final forecast 
for that observation. 

2.7. Early stopping

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any direct mention or discussion about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, some general techniques can be mentioned which are commonly used to handle such issues. These include stratified splitting, where the dataset is divided into training and testing sets while maintaining the same distribution of classes; oversampling, where samples from minority class(es) are duplicated to balance the dataset; undersampling, where samples from majority class(es) are removed to achieve balanced datasets; and diverse data collection, which aims to gather data from various sources to ensure representation of different groups or categories. It should be noted that these techniques may not necessarily apply to the specific problem discussed in the given context.