Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

equally biased (Phillips et al., 2009). This is achieved by transforming
the model input data using four approaches which can be categorized
according to two criteria: i) the dataset concerned with the transfor-
mation (presence sites or background sites); and ii) the implementation
spaces of the transformation (geographical or environmental space).
When the presence dataset is considered, the authors aim at modifying
its distribution to tend toward a uniform distribution, and the back-
ground set is obtained via a uniform random selection. The im-
plementation space of such an approach is either the geographical space
(see for example Boria et al., 2014; Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013) or en-
vironmental feature space (see Fourcade et al., 2014; Varela et al.,
2014). This approach seems to be eﬀective, but requires many presence
sites (Fourcade et al., 2014). When the background set is considered, it
is built according to a selection bias that reﬂects the same sampling bias

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

Numerous SDM approaches are proposed in the literature, e.g.,
generalized linear model (GLM, Guisan et al., 2002), generalized ad-
ditive model (GAM, Guisan et al., 2002), artiﬁcial neural networks
(Pearson et al., 2002), support vector machine (Guo et al., 2005),
HABITAT (Walker and Cocks, 1991), genetic algorithms for rule-set
production (GARP, Stockwell, 1999), and Maxent (Phillips et al., 2006).
Some of them require both presence and absence data, whereas others –
and presence-pseudoabsence
presence-only, presence-background,

models – require only species presence information and oﬀer a sig-
niﬁcant advantage because of the diﬃculty to obtain reliable absence
information (Hirzel et al., 2002; Peterson et al., 2011).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not directly provide information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation). However, I can explain some common practices used in splitting data for machine learning and deep learning models.

Data splitting is typically done based on the following sets:

1. Training Set: This is the main dataset used to train the model. It consists of input features and their corresponding target variables. The model learns patterns and relationships between these inputs and outputs during this phase.

2. Validation Set: Also known as the development or holdout set, this subset is used to fine-tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. During the training process, the performance of the model is evaluated on the validation set after each epoch or iteration. Based on the results, adjustments are made to improve the model's performance.

3. Test Set: After the model has been trained and optimized, its final evaluation is performed using the test set. This set contains unseen data that was not part of the training or validation processes. Evaluating the model on the test set provides insights into how well it will perform when deployed in real-world scenarios.

Common ratios for splitting data include 70/15/15 (training/validation/test) or 80/10/10. These ratios may vary depending on the specific requirements and constraints of the problem being addressed.