Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

REFERENCES 

[1] F. Melgani and L. Bruzzone, "Classification of hyperspectral remote
sensing images with support vector machines," IEEE Transactions on
geoscience and remote sensing, vol. 42, pp. 1778-1790, 2004. 
J. Ham, Y. Chen, M. M. Crawford, and J. Ghosh, "Investigation of the 
random  forest  framework  for  classification  of  hyperspectral  data,"
IEEE  Transactions  on  Geoscience  and  Remote  Sensing,  vol.  43,  pp.
492-501, 2005. 

[2]

[3] Y. Dian, Z. Li, and Y. Pang, "Spectral and texture features combined
for  forest  tree  species  classification  with  airborne  hyperspectral
imagery," Journal of the Indian Society of Remote Sensing, vol. 43, pp. 
101-107, 2015. 

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on August 29,2024 at 07:36:45 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
7129

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

(5) 

(a)

(b)

IV. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

The  experiment  is  performed  on  the  UAV  hyperspectral 
image  described  in  section  II.  There  are  ten  different  land-
cover  classes  in  the  captured  UAV  hyperspectral  image  as 
shown in Table I. Considering it is hard to label hyperspectral 
image in the real world, we split the labeled pixels of UAV 
hyperspectral image into the training set and test set with the 
ratio 1:9. The training samples were used to learn the weights 
and  biases  of  the  network,  and  the  test  samples  are  used  to 
evaluate the classification performance.

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention or discussion about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized, such as using methods like grid search or random search. Therefore, without additional context or details, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to this specific query.