Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102474. 

References 

Akiba, T., Sano, S., Yanase, T., Ohta, T., Koyama, M., 2019. Optuna: A next-generation 
hyperparameter optimization framework. In: Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGKDD 
International Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining, pp. 2623–2631. 
Arnab, A., Dehghani, M., Heigold, G., Sun, C., Luˇci´c, M., Schmid, C., 2021. ViViT: A video 
vision transformer. In: Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF International Conference on 
Computer Vision, pp. 6836–6846. 

Bashfield, A., Keim, A., 2011. Continent-wide dem creation for the european union. In: 
34th International Symposium on Remote Sensing of Environment. The GEOSS Era: 
Towards Operational Environmental Monitoring. Sydney, Australia. Citeseer, 
pp. 10–15.

In this work, we resorted to purely deterministic variants of these 

architectures.  The  models  were  implemented  using  the  deep  learning 
framework PyTorch Lightning (Falcon, 2019) which is built on top of 
PyTorch  (Paszke  et  al.,  2019)  and  enables  improved  scalability.  The 
hyperparameters were tuned using an Optuna-based (Akiba et al., 2019) 
hyperparameter optimization procedure.

4.3. The prediction task

3. Results 

3.1. Model training efficiency 

Model  training  on  our  hardware  (NVIDIA  GTX  1080  GPU)  took 
~460  h.  The  optimization  was  stopped  once  the  validation  ENS 
repeatedly  failed  to  improve  compared  to  the  score  evaluated  from 
previous  epochs.  The  model  at  the  epoch  with  the  highest  attained 
validation  score  was  selected.  We  noted  a  significant  acceleration  of 
convergence  when  employing  the  baseline  framework,  as  shown  in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using an Optuna-based hyperparameter optimization procedure. Optuna is a next-generation hyperparameter optimization framework that helps automate the process of finding optimal hyperparameters for machine learning models. It uses a tree-structured Parzen estimator algorithm to efficiently explore the space of possible hyperparameters and find the best combination for a given problem. This approach allows for more efficient and effective hyperparameter tuning compared to traditional methods such as grid search or random search.