Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

Hubbard, S.S., Williams, K.H., Agarwal, D., Banfield, J., Beller, H., Bouskill, N., 
Brodie, E., Carroll, R., Dafflon, B., Dwivedi, D., Falco, N., Faybishenko, B., 
Maxwell, R., Nico, P., Steefel, C., Steltzer, H., Tokunaga, T., Tran, P.A., 
Wainwright, H., Varadharajan, C., 2018. The East River, Colorado, Watershed: a 
mountainous community testbed for improving predictive understanding of 
multiscale hydrological-biogeochemical dynamics. Vadose Zone J. 17, 180061. 
https://doi.org/10.2136/vzj2018.03.0061. 

Hunter, J., Hsu, C.-H., 2015. Formal acknowledgement of citizen scientists’ contributions 
via dynamic data citations. In: Digital Libraries: Providing Quality Information. 
Springer International Publishing, pp. 64–75. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319- 
27974-9_7.

Data papers are an emerging method of increasing the prestige and 
usability  of  a  data  package  or  set  of  data  packages  through  the  peer 
review process (Costello et al., 2013; Kratz and Strasser, 2015). A data 
paper usually provides information about a dataset (consisting of one or 
more data packages). The data paper can provide context and in-depth 
discussion  regarding  the  data,  including  how  and  why  they  were 
collected,  processed,  and  analyzed.  It  also  typically  provides  details 
regarding  formats,  measurement  method  limitations,  and  other  infor-
mation needed to understand the data. A data paper can also provide 
overview  statistics  and  plots  describing  the  data.  Some  journals  have 
requirements that can improve or hinder publication of data via the data 
paper  approach.  An  example  of  a  requirement  for  Nature’s  Scientific 
Data is that the data paper accompanies publication of new data (not

As  data  becomes  more  accessible,  data  consumers  are  able  to 
incorporate data from many data packages into an analysis. However, 
when a large number of data packages have been used, properly citing 
the data in the reference section without going over page limits can be 
difficult. For example, a paper based on the data from all the AmeriFlux 
sites, all of the NGEE-Tropics data packages, or all of the WFSFA data 
packages would need to include 350, 70, and 96 citations, respectively, 
in the references section. This large number of required citations often 
leads to the citations for the data being provided in the supplementary 
materials, within data/metadata files, or as a table of identifiers. In all of 
these cases, it is difficult to programmatically find the citation of the 
data and thus is unlikely to be counted in the data’s citation metrics. A 
solution to this challenge would be to provide a single citation that can

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain any information related to monitoring the performance of a machine learning model during training. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query with the given context.