Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

parameters of our machine learning model. Specifically, we focused on 
tuning  several  critical  parameters,  namely  ‘numberOfTrees’,  ‘min-
LeafPopulation’, ‘bagFraction’, and ‘seed’. The ‘numberOfTrees’ repre-
sents the number of decision trees in the ensemble, and through the grid 
search, we explored different values to determine the ideal number of 
trees  that  balances  model  complexity  and  predictive  performance. 
Similarly, ‘minLeafPopulation’  refers to the minimum number of sam-
ples required to form a leaf node in each tree. We experimented with 
various values to find the optimal setting that prevents overfitting while 
capturing meaningful patterns in the data. The ‘bagFraction’  indicates 
the proportion of the training dataset used to train each individual tree, 
and  we  searched  for  the  best  value  to  enhance  model  diversity  and 
generalization. Lastly, ‘seed’  is a random number seed used to ensure

3.4. RF model 

In  our  study,  we  adopted  a  grid  search  approach  to  optimize  the

Tang, Hao, Tang, Zhiyao, Fang, Jingyun, Guo, Qinghua, 2022. Neural network 
guided interpolation for mapping canopy height of China’s forests by integrating 
GEDI and ICESat-2 data. Remote Sens. Environ. 269, 112844. 

Ma, Lei, Liu, Yu, Zhang, Xueliang, Ye, Yuanxin, Yin, Gaofei, Johnson, Brian Alan, 2019. 
Deep learning in remote sensing applications: a Meta-analysis and review. ISPRS J. 
Photogramm. Remote Sens. 152, 166–177. 

Mandal, Dipankar, Kumar, Vineet, Ratha, Debanshu, Dey, Subhadip, Bhattacharya, Avik, 
Lopez-Sanchez, Juan M., McNairn, Heather, Rao, Yalamanchili S., 2020. Dual 
Polarimetric radar vegetation index for crop growth monitoring using Sentinel-1 
SAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 247, 111954. 

Menze, B.H., Kelm, B.M., Masuch, R., Himmelreich, U., Bachert, P., Petrich, W.,

Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian, 2020. Google earth engine for geo-big data applications: 
a meta-analysis and systematic review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 164, 
152–170. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A., 2021. Comparison of machine and deep 
learning methods to estimate shrub willow biomass from UAS imagery. Can. J. 
Remote. Sens. 47 (2), 209–227. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B., 2021a. A comparison of decision tree-based 
models for forest above-ground biomass estimation using a combination of airborne 
lidar and landsat data. In: ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing & 
Spatial Information Sciences, 3. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific framework was used to build the deep learning model. However, it mentions that a grid search approach was adopted to optimize the Random Forest (RF) model. This suggests that the authors might have used Python libraries such as Scikit-learn or NumPy for implementing their models. Unfortunately, without explicit mention of the framework used, I cannot definitively state whether they used TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other deep learning framework.