Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Additionally,  we  created  a  metadata  .csv  file  that  listed  all  of  the 
necessary classification information for training the CNN and k-NN . The 
.csv file had five columns. The first, dialect_folder, listed the file path to 
the folder containing the bird song. Each folder was labeled with the 
dialect type and the year it was collected, for example, “ABLA_2022”. 
Note, each folder name contained the label of the songs inside, as this 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026572B. Story et al.

grams, and created the metadata .csv file necessary for training the CNN 
and k-NN. Identical in structure to the metadata file outlined above, this 
file contained the metadata for the training set as opposed to the met-
adata for the entire dataset. 

No additional preprocessing was applied to the spectrograms as the 
goal was to do the least amount of preprocessing possible in order to 
demonstrate  the  power  of  human-machine  teaming.  Further,  when 
assessing the accuracy of the CNN on noise-filtered data versus raw data, 
the accuracy levels were similar: after 10 trials, the CNN’s accuracy on 
the  filtered  data  averaged  to  99.22%  and  the  accuracy  on  the  non- 
filtered data averaged to 99.25%.

user can label the song four ways; they can choose one of the machine 
learning algorithms predictions (the CNN or k-NN labels), use a different 
pre-existing label, or assign the song a new label. After all songs have 
been classified, the program saves all human classified data and labels 
which can be used to retrain the network, using 3_update_network.py. 
Below, we outline the data used for training and each main component 
of DialectDecoder. For an illustration of the pipeline, see Fig. 1.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

DialectDecoder: Human/machine teaming for bird song classification and 
anomaly detection 

Brittany Story a,b,d, *, Patrick Gillespie b, Graham Derryberry a, Elizabeth Derryberry a,c, 
Nina Fefferman a, b, c, Vasileios Maroulas a,b 
a NIMBioS, University of Tennessee Knoxville, 1122 Volunteer Blvd., Suite 106, Knoxville 37996, TN, USA 
b Department of Mathematics, University of Tennessee Knoxville, 1403 Circle Dr., Knoxville 37916, TN, USA 
c Department of Ecology and Environmental Biology, 569 Dabney Hall, Knoxville 37996, TN, USA 
d U.S. Army DEVCOM Army Research Laboratory, 7101 Mulberry Point Rd, Aberdeen Proving Ground 21005, MD, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Human-machine teaming 
Song classification 
Anomaly detection

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any direct reference to the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, without further information, it is impossible to determine the exact code repository link. However, based on common practices, if the authors published their work, there might be a chance that they also shared their code publicly. You may want to check popular platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket by searching for keywords related to the paper title, author names, or other relevant details.