Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The experiments were conducted on a server with 64 Intel Xeon Gold 
6226R CPUs, 192 GiB RAM, and one NVIDIA RTX A-6000 GPU with 48 
GiB RAM. The training time varied based on the experiment, with the 
lowest for static frontends being around 1.5 hours and for LEAF around 
5 h. SincNet+ is slightly faster than LEAF since the latter has complex 
valued filters. The project used the following Python packages: PyTorch 
(Paszke et al., 2019), TorchAudio (Yang et al., 2021), TorchVision (T. 
maintainers  and  contributors,  2016),  Scikit-learn  (Pedregosa  et  al., 
2011), NumPy (Harris et al., 2020), Matplotlib (Hunter, 2007), Pandas 
(T. Pandas Development Team, 2023), and tqdm (da Costa-Luis et al., 
2023). 

3.1. Main results

datasets.  They  are  not  flexible  enough  to  address  current  open  chal-
lenges unless used purposefully on a narrow task.

Recent years have seen impressive progress in bird species recogni-
tion and related tasks (Stowell, 2022; Xie et al., 2023). It was foreseeable 
that  deep  learning  would  emerge  as  the  most  successful  method  for 
large-scale  bioacoustics  analysis  (Kahl  et  al.,  2021;  Stowell,  2022; 
Stowell et al., 2019; Tang et al., 2023; Xie et al., 2023; Zsebok et al., 
2019). The main advantage of neural networks is to avoid many brittle 
and  difficult  choices  in  designing  manual  features  for  the  underlying 
task. For example, Xie et al. (Xie and Zhu, 2019) compared three types of 
features  for  bird  species  classification  consisting  of  hand-crafted 
acoustic features, including features from Mel Frequency Cepstral Co-
efficient (MFCC), visual features extracted from the Constant-Q Trans-
form (CQT) time-frequency representation, and training a convolutional 
network directly on the CQT. They also tested the fusion of classifiers

It  seems  to  require  an  exhaustive  knowledge  of  each  species’  fre-
quency  niche  to  create  optimal  individualized  features.  Yet,  the  most 
celebrated capability of deep neural networks is automatic and task(s)- 
relevant feature extraction while doing the classification task(s) jointly, 
which  has  led  to  unprecedented  achievements  (LeCun  et  al.,  2015). 
Hence, one could ask whether to consider a time-frequency represen-
tation or the waveform as raw input to neural networks to capture all the 
relevant information from bird vocalization. Although the former is the 
prevalent  approach,  data  processing  inequality  indicates  that  post- 
processing can not increase a signal’s information (Beaudry and Ren-
ner,  2011).  Therefore,  the  waveform  is  a  promising  alternative  to 
traditional features derived from it when leveraging neural networks.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: The experiments were conducted on a server with specific hardware resources. This server had 64 Intel Xeon Gold 6226R CPUs and 192 GiB RAM. Additionally, it included one NVIDIA RTX A-6000 GPU with 48 GiB RAM. These hardware resources were utilized for training the deep learning models mentioned in the given context. Specifically, the use of a powerful GPU like the NVIDIA RTX A-6000 suggests that this resource was crucial for accelerating the training process of these deep learning models.