Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. Data processing

Girshick, R., Donahue, J., Darrell, T., et al., 2014. Rich feature hierarchies for accurate 

object detection and semantic segmentation[C]. In: Proceedings of the IEEE 
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, pp. 580–587. 

Hadlich, H.L., Durgante, F.M., Dos Santos, J., et al., 2018. Recognizing Amazonian tree 
species in the field using bark tissues spectra[J]. For. Ecol. Manag. 427, 296–304. 

Haiwei, Xu, Han, Ruimei, Yang, MinHua, 2013. Research on object-oriented 

classification using ERC-forests and Rainfalling watershed algorithm[J]. Int. J. Digit. 
Content Technol. Appl. 7 (5). 

Hu, M., 2017. Extraction of Non-commercial Forest Plots Dynamic Change Based on 

Object-Oriented Classification in Yanqing Area[D]. Beijing Forestry University. 
https://doi.org/10.26949/d.cnki.gblyu.2017.001114.

The  processing  of  high-resolution  remote  sensing  data,  which  en-
compasses  a  plethora  of  feature  information  (Girshick  et  al.,  2014), 
demands  significant  time  and  costs.  This  presents  considerable  chal-
lenges for many researchers (Modzelewska et al., 2020). Prior to clas-
sification, samples require training. The representativeness and quantity 
of  these  training  samples  significantly  influence  the  accuracy  of  the 
classification  models.  Platinum  (Ting,  2016)  demonstrated  that  when 
the training samples are not sufficiently typical, other categories can be 
easily misclassified into the sample’s category. If the number of training 
samples is insufficient, network training may not meet the requirements. 
Conversely, an excessive number of training samples can lead to data 
redundancy, reducing the efficiency of model training (Shi, 2018). To 
address  this  issue,  this  study  employed  feature  optimization  tools  to

Immitzer, M., Atzberger, C., Koukal, T., 2012. Tree species classification with random 
forest using very high spatial resolution 8-band WorldView-2 satellite data[J]. 
Remote Sens. 4 (9), 2661–2693. 

Jernej, Jevˇsenak, Domen, Arniˇc, Luka, Krajnc, Mitja, Skudnik, 2023. Machine learning 
forest simulator (MLFS): R package for data-driven assessment of the future state of 
forests[J]. Ecol. Inform. 75. 

Jiaxin, Kong, 2020. Classification and Identification of Subtropical Evergreen Deciduous 
Broad-Leaved Mixed Forest Tree Species Based on UAV Remote Sensing Images [D]. 
East China Normal University. 

Judith, Avi˜na-Hern´andez, Mariana, Ramírez-Vargas, Francisco, Roque-Sosa, Martínez- 

Rinc´on, Raúl O., 2023. Predictive performance of random forest on the identification 
of mangrove species in arid environments[J]. Ecol. Inform. 75. 

Kim, C., Hong, S.H., 2008. Identification of tree species from high-resolution satellite

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or reference to any specific data repository links related to a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a direct answer to the query. It would be necessary to have more detailed information about the specific deep learning pipeline being referred to in order to locate its corresponding data repository link.