Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

including multiple linear regression, machine learning (bootstrap forest, 
boosted tree), and deep learning (ANN) models through statistical and 
machine learning methods and compare them for prediction accuracy. 
The ultimate aim was to develop a holistic model with better accuracy 
and reliability for the prediction of CLCuD which ultimately can help 
timely application of management decisions in the prevailing climatic 
conditions.

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

and DL models to detect different types of disease symptoms in cotton. 
Rumpf et al. (2010) have utilized ML and DL models for early diagnosis 
and classification of diseases in sugar beet based on spectral plant in-
dexes using a Support Vector Machine (SVM). EfficientNet deep learning 
architecture is reported to be more accurate than DL models for preci-
sion  for  plant  disease  classification  (Atila  et  al.,  2021).  Furthermore, 
ANN  techniques  and  regression  models  have  recently  been  used  to 
predict the bark thickness of ash (Fraxinus excelsior) plants and hypericin 
content  in  Hypericum  perforatum  with  80%  accuracy  (Mosaffaei  and 
Jahani, 2021; Saffariha et al., 2021). Saleem et al. (2021) have devel-
oped an insect pest prediction system (IPPS) using the Internet of Things

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not explicitly mention the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, typically, the dataset is randomly divided into these subsets. For instance, one common approach is to use 70% of the data for training, 20% for testing, and 10% for validation. This division allows the model to learn patterns from the majority of the data during training while also providing separate datasets for evaluating its performance and tuning parameters. It should be noted that the optimal ratio may vary depending on factors such as the size of the dataset or the complexity of the problem being addressed. Therefore, without additional information, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the exact criteria used in this particular case.