Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(3) 

The second term of Eq. (3) indicates that DTW searches for the least 
cost  path  horizontally,  vertically,  and  diagonally  from  the  current 
element or cell (i (cid:0) 1, j (cid:0) 1) in a forward way. At each time step, DTW 
finds the closest points at t = (i, j) of two time series for comparisons. 
DTW generates an accumulative cost matrix with D(i, j) as the element at 
the ith row and jth column. Last, DTW determines the least cost shortest 
path  (or  the warp path)  searching  through the  accumulative distance 
matrix D from the location (1,1) to (n, m) (Berndt and Clifford, 1994; 
Giorgino, 2009). The green line is the warping or aligned path, which 
goes through the cells or elements of which the total accumulative dis-
tance is the lowest, that is, going through the lowest valley (green color) 
of the “landscape” (left panel, Fig. 3).

We fit Eqs. 5–7 to each rabbit time series Yi using the template model 
builder (TMB) (Kristensen et al., 2016). We used the R function optim to 
maximize the likelihood function of state space models to estimate un-
known parameters a, b (=1 + b’), c, and σ2
u  for each rabbit population 
(Bolker et al., 2013; Kristensen et al., 2016). We calculated Akaike In-
formation Criterion corrected for small sample size (AICc) and Akaike 
weight for each of the two models with the maximized likelihood value 
(Burnham and Anderson, 2002). We calculated model-averaged means 
of the coefficients a, b, c, and σ2
u  over all three candidate models for each 
rabbit time series following Burnham and Anderson (2002). 

2.5. Feature-based time series clustering 

We  used  estimated  parameters  a,  b,  c  and  σ2

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the optimization of the hyperparameters of the model was done using the R function `optim`. This function is used to maximize the likelihood function of state space models to estimate unknown parameters such as a, b, c, and σ²\_u for each rabbit population. However, the specific method of optimization within the `optim` function is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. Therefore, without further information, we cannot definitively determine whether grid search, random search, or another method was used for hyperparameter optimization.