Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

draft, Validation, Supervision, Resources, Investigation, Data curation. 
R. Vitri Garvita: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, 
Resources,  Project  administration,  Data  curation.  Popi  Aprilianti: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project 
administration,  Data  curation.  Hary  Wawangningrum:  Writing  –  re-
view &  editing, Writing –  original draft, Supervision, Project adminis-
tration, Investigation, Data curation. Elga Renjana: Writing – review & 
editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project administration, Data 
curation.  Elizabeth  Handini:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  – 
original draft, Resources, Project administration, Data curation. Melis-
nawati H. Angio: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, 
Resources, Project administration, Data curation. Elok Rifqi Firdiana: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project

administration, Data curation. Joko Ridho Witono: Writing – review & 
editing, Writing – original draft, Validation, Supervision, Investigation. 
Lina Susanti Juswara: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original 
draft, Validation, Supervision, Resources, Investigation, Data curation, 
Conceptualization. Izu Andry Fijridiyanto: Writing – review & editing, 
Writing –  original draft, Validation, Supervision, Resources, Investiga-
tion,  Data  curation.  Siti  Roosita  Ariati:  Writing  –  review  &  editing, 
Writing –  original draft, Validation, Supervision, Resources, Investiga-
tion, Data curation. Yuzammi: Writing –  review &  editing, Writing – 
original  draft,  Supervision,  Resources,  Investigation,  Data  curation. 
Sudarmono Sudarmono: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original 
draft,  Supervision,  Resources,  Project  administration,  Data  curation. 
Irvan Fadli Wanda: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft,

Angga Yudaputra: Writing –  review &  editing, Writing –  original 
draft,  Visualization,  Supervision,  Software,  Resources,  Methodology, 
Formal  analysis,  Conceptualization,  Investigation.  Esti  Munawaroh: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Validation, Super-
vision, Resources, Investigation, Data curation. Didi Usmadi: Writing – 
review  &  editing,  Writing  –  original  draft,  Resources,  Data  curation. 
Danang  Wahyu  Purnomo:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  – 
original  draft,  Resources,  Investigation,  Data  curation.  Inggit  Puji 
Astuti: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Validation, 
Supervision, Resources, Investigation, Data curation, Conceptualization. 
Dwi  Murti  Puspitaningtyas:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  – 
original  draft,  Validation,  Supervision,  Resources,  Investigation,  Data 
curation. Tri Handayani: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original

An  ensemble  model  incorporating  Random  Forest  (RF)  (Breiman, 
2001)  and  Support  Vector  Machine  (SVM)  (Noble  and  Street,  2006) 
components  was  used  to  predict  current  and  future  suitable  areas  of 
orchids under land cover and climate change. 80% of the data for each 
category (epiphyte lowland orchid, terrestrial lowland orchid, epiphyte 
upland  orchid,  and  terrestrial  upland  orchid)  were  used  to  build  the 
model. The R “dismo” and R “sdm” package were used to generate model 
predictions (Naimi and Araújo, 2016). The remaining 20% of the testing 

◦

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, it is mentioned that 80% of the data for each category (epiphyte lowland orchid, terrestrial lowland orchid, epiphyte upland orchid, and terrestrial upland orchid) were used to build the model, while the remaining 20% of the data were used for testing. This suggests a common practice of splitting the dataset into 80% for training and 20% for testing. It should be noted that this is only one possible way to split the data, and other methods such as cross-validation can also be employed depending on the requirements of the project.