Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3.  Model training 

2.3.1.  Training data preprocessing 

The  CNN  model  used  in  this  study  requires  equally  sized  input 
images. We chose a time-frequency input window size of 2 s as it is near 
the mean and median template duration across target call types (Fig. 2). 
Most  call  types  have  a  duration  below  1  s,  and  for  those  above  2  s,

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101113

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A pipeline for identification of bird and frog species in tropical soundscape 
recordings using a convolutional neural network 
Jack LeBiena,⁎
Juan Lavista Ferresb, T. Mitchell Aidea,d 
a Sieve Analytics, San Juan, PR 00911, USA 
b AI for Good Research Lab, Microsoft, USA 
c Department of Physics, University of Puerto Rico, San Juan, PR 00931, USA 
d Department of Biology, University of Puerto Rico, San Juan, PR 00931, USA  

, Ming Zhongb, Marconi Campos-Cerqueiraa, Julian P. Velevc, Rahul Dodhiab,  

T

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Acoustic monitoring 
Bioacoustics 
Sound classification 
Convolutional neural network 
Deep learning

learning, wherein a model already optimized for a similar dataset is re- 
trained with new data. We used a ResNet50 model, pre-trained on the 
ImageNet dataset, which contains over one million photo images across

Several challenges remain to be addressed for effective application 
of deep learning in acoustic monitoring. First, CNNs often require many 
training samples for each class. Large-scale species recognition efforts, 
such  as  for  the  BirdCLEF  challenge,  often  use  crowd-sourced  public 
training data from various geographic sources (e.g. Xeno-Canto dataset,  
Vellinga, 2020;), and thus far these public datasets focus on birds and 
consist  mainly  of  recordings  targeting  single  foreground  species. 
However,  as  mentioned  above,  geographic  variation  in  soundscapes 
could require training data collected at a local or regional scale for high 
performance. This, however, would greatly increase the data labeling 
effort.  Second,  the  non-directional  nature  of  soundscape  recordings 
demands  accurate  detection  as  well  as  classification  for  species  re-
cognition. Existing studies have demonstrated the difficulty of species

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, based on the given context, we cannot determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment.