Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

This  tightly  coupled  relationship  between  CO2  emission  and  GDP 
motivated us to predict the GDP of a nation using its carbon emission. 
However,  the  available  dataset  of  some  countries  is  not  sufficient 
enough to train a machine learning (ML) model. To overcome this lim-
itation,  this  paper  proposes  a  novel  transfer  learning  methodology. 
Transfer  learning  (TL),  a  machine  learning  (ML)  technique,  utilizes 
previously learned information to resolve new tasks, more specifically, 
related tasks. In conventional ML techniques, every new task is learned 
from the scratch (Che et al., 2021), and the training and test data are 
drawn from the same distribution. However, if the data distribution is 
changed between the training and test data, the performance and reli-
ability  of  the  predicted  output  may  degrade  significantly  (Lu  et  al., 
2019). This may also lead to high computational costs and inappropriate

Lu, J., Zuo, H., Zhang, G., 2019. Fuzzy multiple-source transfer learning. IEEE Trans. 

Fuzzy Syst. 28 (12), 3418–3431. 

Lu, T., Han, B., Yu, F., 2021. Detection and classification of marine mammal sounds using 

AlexNet with transfer learning. Ecol. Inform. 62, 101277. 

Lumini, A., Nanni, L., 2019. Deep learning and transfer learning features for plankton 

classification. Ecol. Inform. 51, 33–43. 

Margolis, A., 2011. A Literature Review of Domain Adaptation with Unlabeled Data. 

University of Washington, Rapport Technique.  

Mirbagheri, M., 2010. Fuzzy-logic and neural network fuzzy forecasting of Iran GDP 

growth. Afr. J. Bus. Manag. 4 (6), 925. 

Ohta, R., Salomon, V., Silva, M.B., 2020. Classical, fuzzy, hesitant fuzzy and intuitionistic 
fuzzy analytic hierarchy processes applied to industrial maintenance management. 
J. Intell. Fuzzy Syst. 38 (1), 601–608. 

Pan, J., Yang, Q., 2010. A survey on transfer learning. In: Knowledge and Data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The context discusses various aspects such as the impact of industrialization on the economy and environment, the correlation between GDP and carbon emissions, and the application of transfer learning to address limitations in datasets. It also mentions several papers and studies but does not provide specific details about the availability or location of any data repositories. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available based solely on the given context.