Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

adequately represent the spatial heterogeneity of forest morphological 
characteristics  and  biomass.  However,  the  field  survey  is  time- 
consuming and resource-intensive (Viana et al., 2012).

Fig. 1. Pictures of the study area: (a) investigated plot; (b) planted forest with planting pits; (c) vegetation cover pattern of the study area; (d) field investigation; (e) 
location of the investigated site. 

2.3. Field survey design

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025745X.-L. Jin et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 4. Tree morphological parameters extracted from UAV datasets: (a) tree height; (b) canopy diameter; (c) regression between tree height and canopy diameter. 
The subscript “UAV” represents UAV-derived parameters. 

Fig. 5. Ground-measured tree morphological parameters and their relationship: (a) DBH distribution; (b) H distribution; (c) CD distribution; (d) Linear regression of 
DBH  and  H;  (e)  and  (f)  are  polynomial  regression  among  CD,  DBH  and  H.  The  subscripts  “ground”  and  “UAV”  represent  ground-measured  and  UAV-derived 
morphological parameters.

R2 

0.676 
0.673 
0.721 
0.732 
0.729 
0.628  

the single-parameter equations (W1, W2) (Fig. 7h). Biomass estimations 
procured  through  equation  W5  were  lower  in  comparison  to  those 
yielded  by  equations  calibrated  with  ground-measured  parameters. 
Equations W3 and W6 induce a slight overestimation of AGB for smaller 
trees (Fig. 7d, f, g, h). The AGB calculated from equation W4  showed 
significant consistency with the AGB estimated by the equations based 
on  ground-measured  parameters  (R2  = 0.731,  RMSE  = 2.46  kg). 
Therefore,  the  equationW4 = 2.3442(CD⋅H)0.9057  is  the  optimal  equa-
tion  for  the  estimation  of  AGB  for  the  Pinus  sylvestris  forest  based  on 
UAV-derived datasets. 

4. Discussion 

4.1. Implications

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized using methods such as grid search or random search. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this query.