Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Currently, dynamic data citations are most advantageous to support 
query-based data downloads within a single repository or data aggre-
gator and specifying subsets of data. It is particularly useful when data is 
standardized  and  specific  data  can  be  readily  integrated  within  and 
across datasets from a search query, such as integrated species occur-
rence records from hundreds of data sources in GBIF. The data consumer 
only needs to reference one citation for the custom query and download 
instead  of  all  the  underlying  data  packages.  It  also  helps  support 
repeatability and accurate credit since it enumerates the exact subset of 
the data retrieved from the repository (Rauber et al., 2016b).

5.3. Scalable dynamic data citations 

Repositories that enable a search and custom download of data (i.e., 
a download matching a query), particularly on continually growing and 
changing data, needs to provide a citation for the specific data that were 
downloaded. The RDA Dynamic Data Citation Working Group recom-
mends using a ‘Dynamic Data Citation’  (Rauber et al., 2016a), which 
creates a citation for the query and timestamp enabling the same data 
and version to be retrieved in the future. A unique identifier, usually a 
DOI, is assigned as well as a landing page with the query and timestamp 
that resolves to a list of the data packages, including their version and 

subset contributing to the result of the query. Tracking citation statistics 
for a dynamic data citation requires propagating data use and citation 
metrics from the dynamic data DOI to all components within  the dy-
namic data citation. 

(https://www.gbif.org/,

Dynamic data citations are also generally constrained to repository 
query  capabilities.  The  way  dynamic  data  citations  are  currently 
implemented  at  repositories  assumes  that  the  data  can  be  resolved 
through a single or small number of queries that the consumer formu-
lates  at  a  single  repository.  One  challenge  is  that  the  data  consumer 
likely does not know exactly what data will contribute to the paper until 
the paper is mostly written. 

An alternate approach would be to have a tool that allows the data 
consumer to visit a site and specify the dynamic data citations used in 
their paper and create a custom, synthesized data citation. This would 
limit the citations of datasets that were not used in the paper but had a 
dynamic  citation  generated  and  could  allow  the  combination  of  data 
from many repositories into the dynamic data citation. Such a service 
would be of high value to the data consumer.

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline. However, some common strategies to handle randomness include setting a fixed random seed value, using deterministic algorithms where possible, and performing multiple runs with different seeds to ensure consistency and robustness of results.