Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

from  May  to  September  (Junk  et  al.,  2006).  The  four  selected  sites, 
dominated by a mosaic of forested and savanna areas, were separated by 
846, 1379 and 1708 m (Fig. 1). The average annual rainfall ranges be-
tween  1000  and  1500  mm,  and  the  mean  annual  temperature  is 
approximately 24

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

4. Discussion

undulated Tinamou (Crypturellus undulatus) over an annual cycle in the Brazilian 
Pantanal: new ecological information. Biotropica 52, 165–171. 

R Development Core Team, 2019. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical 

Computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. http://www. 
R-project.org.  

Rempel, R.S., Francis, C.M., Robinson, J.N., Campbell, M., 2013. Comparison of audio 
recording system performance for detecting and monitoring songbirds. J. Field 
Ornithol. 84 (1), 86–97. 

Salem, S.I., Fujisao, K., Maki, M., Okumura, T., Oki, K., 2021. Detecting and tracking the 

positions of wild ungulates using sound recordings. Sensors 21, 866. 

Santos, M.C.A., 2011. Efeito de bovinos sobre a vegetaç˜ao lenhosa eo sub-bosque de 

savanas florestadas no Pantanal sul-Mato-Grossense. Master’s Thesis. Universidade 
Federal de Mato Grosso do Sul, Campo Grande, MS, Brazil. PhD Dissertation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any specific information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this research. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query based on the available information. It would be best to refer to the original source or contact the authors directly for more details regarding the data repository link.