Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

KEYWORDS
Biosecurity; invasive species;
machine hearing;
geolocation-based services;
extreme learning machines;
big data

Before introducing our proposed algorithm, it would be essential to discuss the existing basic
theoretical framework. The question of whether a small Neural Network architecture can
learn a lot, even from huge training data sets, was answered in the aﬃrmative by ELM. An
ELM (Cambria & Guang-Bin, 2013) is a Single-Hidden Layer Feed Forward Neural Network
(SLFFNN) with N hidden neurons, randomly selected input weights and random values of
bias in the hidden layer, while the weights at its output are calculated with a single multipli-
cation of vector matrices. SLFFNNs are used in ELMs because of their ability to approach any
continuous function and to classify any discontinuous areas. An ELM can accurately learn N
samples, and its learning speed can be even thousands of times greater than the speed of
conventional Back Propagation Feed Forward Neural Networks (BP_FFNN).

499

This is a multi-layered neural network model that receives successive OL data streams
and uses the unsupervised GRELMA algorithm as a basic building block in which the
outputs of each level are used as inputs to the next one (Sun, Zhang, Zhang, & Hu, 2017).
An autoencoder is an ANN used for unsupervised learning of eﬃcient coding. The aim
of an autoencoder is to learn a representation (encoding) for a set of data, but with the
output layer having the same number of nodes as the input layer, and with the
purpose of reconstructing its own inputs (instead of predicting target value Y given
inputs X). The algorithm is described below (Sun et al., 2017):

Algorithm 1. GRELMA Algorithm for Clustering (Sun et al., 2017)

i=1 the number of hidden neurons nh, the penalty coeﬃcient κ and λ

View related articles 

View Crossmark data

Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tjit20

JOURNAL OF INFORMATION AND TELECOMMUNICATION
2018, VOL. 2, NO. 4, 492–510
https://doi.org/10.1080/24751839.2018.1501542

Extreme deep learning in biosecurity: the case of machine
hearing for marine species identiﬁcation
Konstantinos Demertzisa, Lazaros S. Iliadisb and Vardis-Dimitris Anezakis

c

aSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus
University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; bSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of
Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; cDepartment of Forestry and
Management of the Environment and Natural Resources, Democritus University of Thrace, Orestiada, Greece

ARTICLE HISTORY
Received 30 November 2017
Accepted 14 July 2018

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information on where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only describes the Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) algorithm and the GRELMA algorithm for clustering, along with other details about the study. To find out if there is a publicly accessible code repository for this work, further research or contacting the authors may be necessary.