Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Kovalev, V., Kalinovsky, A., Kovalev, S., 2016. Deep Learning with Theano, Torch, Caffe, 
Tensorflow, and deeplearning4j: Which One Is the Best in Speed and Accuracy?. 
Larsen, O., Christensen-Dalsgaard, J., Maxwell, A., Hansen, K., Wahlberg, M., 2017, June 
9. Cormorant audiograms under water and in air. Acoust. Soc. Am. J. 141 (5), 3667. 

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436–444. 
Lodi, G., Aniello, L., Di Luna, G.A., Baldoni, R., 2014. An event-based platform for 

collaborative threats detection and monitoring. Inf. Syst. 39, 175–195. 

Lohr, B., Wright, T.F., Dooling, R.J., 2003, Apr. Detection and discrimination of natural 
calls in masking noise by birds: estimating the active space of a signal. Anim. Behav. 
65 (4), 763–777. Retrieved from.

Leveraging machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intel-
ligence for automated annotation and analysis especially requires high 
quality data (Egnor and Branson, 2016). Although automated annota-
tion is widely applied, it is mostly used offline which has the advantage 
that the researcher can assist the algorithms, fine tune parameters and 
oversee that classifications are correct. However, it also limits the op-
tions for data collection and closed loop experimentation. We instead 
propose  to  automatically  annotate  and  analyse  data  online  while  the

In summary, we want to take advantage of the rapid development in 
machine  learning  without  having  to  constrain  the  environment  too 
much.  We  want  to  enable  re-use  of  developed  components  in  other 
experimental  setups  to  improve  standardisation  and  convergence  of 
methods. Further, we want to base the solution on mature well-known 
technologies and off-the-shelf hardware to keep it easy to maintain. 

We  therefore  propose  an  architecture,  based  on  modern  IT  infra-
structure,  that  delivers  on  those  requirements.  In  the  following,  we 
describe the architecture and explain why we think the solution should 
build on IT infrastructure. 

2.1. Architectural considerations

The tools and methods available for event-stream processing are not 
the focus of this paper but they are increasingly many. Most have been 
developed  for  e-commerce,  monitoring  of  financial  markets  and  IT 
system monitoring but could as well be applied in biology. AWS kinesis 
(Amazon, 2011) and Apache Kibana (Elastic, 2016) give access to state 
of the art machine learning methods for event-stream processing at a 
click  and  mature  querying  languages,  such  as  elasticsearch  (Elastic, 
2012) make advanced data mining available to a much broader group of 
users.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. It discusses various aspects of deep learning, including its applications in different fields like biology and animal behavior studies, as well as the use of machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intelligence for automated annotation and analysis. Additionally, it mentions architectural considerations for building a system using modern IT infrastructure. However, there is no mention of any specific dataset used in the deep learning process, such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet.