Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population 
time series 

Guiming Wang a, *, Xueyan Shan b, c 
a Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
b Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Entomology and Plant Pathology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
c Institute for Genomics, Biocomputing & Biotechnology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Dynamic time warming 
Hierarchical clustering 
Machine learning 
State space model 
Trend analysis

y1, …, yn

)

(cid:0)

d(ij) =

(cid:0) ⃒
⃒xi (cid:0) yj

⃒
⃒p )1

p, where p = 2 for Euclidean distance

(2) 

Second,  DTW  searches  for  the  path  which  has  the  minimum  total 
cumulative cost or distance traversing staring at d(1,1) and ending at d 
(n, m) using dynamic programming. At each time step, DTW finds the 
least cost path forward using the following equation (Berndt and Clif-
ford, 1994; Giorgino, 2009): 

Fig. 3. Dynamic programming for determining the least total cumulative distance from the begin and end of time series (left panel). The blue line is the shortest path. 
The Sakoe-Chiba band (purple color) constrains the search for the shortest total cumulative distance within the band during the dynamic programming of dynamic 
time warping (right panel). The band is created with a wind size of 2 along the main diagonal. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the 
reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of any specific data repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF containing the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a direct link to the requested resource. It would be best to contact the authors directly for more detailed information about their work and its availability.