Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Crowdsourcing biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers using 
Dive Reporter 

Matej Buzinkai a, *, Marko Radeta a,b,c, Claudio Rodrigues a, b, Francisco Silva a, b, 
Ruben Freitas a, b, Sahar Chebaane a, Paola Parretti a, Susanne Sch¨afer a, Rodrigo Silva a, 
Francesca Gizzi a, Silvia Almeida a, Sonia K.M. Gueroun a, Jo˜ao Canning-Clode a, d, Jo˜ao 
Gama Monteiro a, e 
a MARE – Marine and Environmental Sciences Centre / ARNET - Aquatic Research Network, Agˆencia Regional para o Desenvolvimento da Investigaç˜ao Tecnologia e 
Inovaç˜ao (ARDITI), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal 
b Wave Labs, Faculty of Exact Sciences and Engineering, University of Madeira, Portugal 
c Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
d Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, USA 
e Faculty of Life Sciences, Universidade da Madeira, Portugal

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biodiversity monitoring 
Marine taxa 
Citizen science 
SCUBA diving 
Mobile app

4. Discussion 

Citizen science is increasingly becoming an important tool that en-
ables cost-effective biodiversity monitoring and initiatives oriented at 
marine environments (Garcia-Soto et al., 2021; Kelly et al., 2020). In 
SCUBA oriented citizen science initiatives, a trade-off persists between 
two  approaches  to  data  collection:  opportunistic  reporting  allows 
simplicity and participation of recreational SCUBA divers, but is prone 
to  noisy  data,  while  systematic  surveys  with  standard  protocols  offer 
higher  data  quality,  but  often  create  barriers  to  participation.  In  this 
study,  we  tested  a  novel  approach  that  provides  elements  of  stand-
ardised data collection, while retaining a recreational SCUBA dive plan, 
by leveraging a mobile app with a custom species list to conduct post- 
dive interviews and compile data.

For this trial period, the list of target taxa was limited to 18 (Table 1) 
compiled  based  on  inputs  from  eight  local  marine  biologists.  The  re-
searchers were asked to name 10 species they considered most relevant 
to  monitor  and  to  provide  information  supporting  their  choices  (i.e., 
asked to specify why each of their choices was important to monitor: 
because they are non-indigenous and potentially invasive, with special 
conservation  status,  with  significant  economic  value  or  as  a  known 
biological/ecological  status  indicator).  All  inputs  were  compiled,  and 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1021912M. Buzinkai et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not contain any information about a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository link. Therefore, it is impossible to determine the requested information based solely on the provided text.