Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

accuracy  limits  that  we  encountered  training  DNN  models  with  the 
detailed-labelled NIPS4Bplus dataset (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021). We 
drilled down on the results using another high-quality model (BirdNET) 
and  compared  it  to  our  SincNet  trained  models.  For  that,  we  experi-
mented  with  dimensionality  reduction  of  embeddings  and  an  initial 
dimensionality reduction technique (t-SNE). We generated embeddings 
using  the  BirdNET  model  on  a  randomly  selected  40%  sample  of  the

outputs.  The  embeddings  obtained  using  the  BirdNET-Analyzer  v2.1 
models have 420 dimensions.

Neural information processing scaled for bioacoustics-from neurons to Big Data. In: 
Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Scaled for Bioacoustics: From Neurons 
to Big Data, 2013. http://sabiod.univ-tln.fr/NIPS4B2013_book.pdf. 

Gupta, Gaurav, Kshirsagar, Meghana, Zhong, Ming, Gholami, Shahrzad, Ferres, Juan 

Lavista, 2021. Comparing recurrent convolutional neural networks for large scale 
bird species classification. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 17085. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598- 
021-96446-w. 

He, Kaiming, Zhang, Xiangyu, Ren, Shaoqing, Sun, Jian, 2015. ‘Deep residual learning 

for image recognition’. arXiv. http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385. 

Hershey, Shawn, Chaudhuri, Sourish, Ellis, Daniel P.W., Gemmeke, Jort F., Jansen, Aren, 
Moore, Channing, Plakal, Manoj, et al., 2017. CNN Architectures for Large-Scale 
Audio Classification. In: International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal 
Processing (ICASSP).. https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.09430.

has a frame size of 16 milliseconds and frame shift of 1 millisecond that 
are averaged over the labelled sound to obtain a prediction. In the same 
way we averaged the outputs of the penultimate layer of the model to 
obtain embeddings for each labelled sound that have 4096 dimensions. 
The ResNet152-architecture is based on the ResNet152 model (He 
et al., 2015) developed for image classification, but we did not use pre- 
trained weights. We relied on Keras (Chollet et al., 2015) implementa-
tion of ResNet152 to obtain the model architecture, added a dense layer 
and trained the models from scratch with randomly initialised weights. 
The input was 3 s sound frames converted into mel spectrograms using a 
fast Fourier transform window size of 1024, hop length of 896 and 128 
mel filterbanks. The resulting models had around 58 million trainable 
parameters.  We  trained  two  types  of  models  using  extracts  from  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there are two main types of deep learning models mentioned: ResNet152 and SincNet.

ResNet152 is a type of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture that has been adapted for audio classification tasks. It is originally designed for image classification tasks, but in this case, it has been modified by converting sound frames into mel spectrograms before feeding them into the network. This indicates that the authors have utilized a CNN-based approach for their task.

On the other hand, SincNet is also a type of CNN architecture specifically designed for speech recognition tasks. However, the context does not provide explicit details about how SincNet is being used or whether it is part of the primary pipeline. Therefore, while it can be assumed that SincNet is also a CNN-based model, its role in the overall pipeline remains unclear without further context.

In summary, the pipeline primarily uses a CNN-based approach, specifically the ResNet152 architecture, which has been adapted for audio classification tasks. Additionally, SincNet, another CNN-based model, may also play a role in the pipeline, although its exact function is not explicitly stated in the provided context.