Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

C

1
2
3
4
5

6
7
8
9
10

11
12

Clouds and shadows were masked in the satellite images and did not appear in the
nomenclatures. The cloud mask is a remote sensing product provided with SPOT6 data
and shadows can be detected with a simple heuristic approach that searches (almost)
black bodies [29]. Subsequently, for Deep Learning architectures, the different classes
were renamed from 0 to 12 (column C of the Table 4), where class 0 contained clouds and
shadows and was ignored during the learning process.

The LU and LC labelling were carried out jointly through photo interpretation by
a unique human operator. This ensured consistent results and also consolidated work,
since the two nomenclatures overlapped in a large portion of the territory (in particular,
the natural, uncultivated land). The pixel-accurate labelling of the test area is shown in
Figure 2.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2257

6 of 22

40.32%
35.97%
46.56%
50.21%
38.75%
50.40%
48.38%

For the LU detection task, all deep learning techniques except AlexNet outperformed
XGBoost. Differences were signiﬁcant, with up to 15 percent points in OA. As in the
previous section, the best performing “single-pixel” architecture is DenseNet and the best
“semantic labeling” network is DeepLab. Interestingly, DenseNet reached the best PA,
although DeepLab dominated the remaining metrics.

For the remainder of this study, the best performing “single-pixel” and “semantic
labeling” were selected. There was little difference between the architectures, so the
architectures with the best F1-score for the LU classiﬁcation were chosen arbitrarily.

4.3. Inﬂuence of Neo-Channels and Land Cover as Input on the Learning

Keywords: New Caledonia; remote sensing; land use; land cover; deep learning: XGBoost; neural
network; neo-channels

1. Introduction

3.4. Sampling Method

The SPOT6 satellite data for our ﬁve study areas were preprocessed to be fed into the
different Deep Learning architectures and the XGBoost model. First, the data were split
into three mutually exclusive parts: a learning set, a validation set and a test set totally
independent of the two previous ones.

Four of the ﬁve areas were used for learning and validation. The last, isolated scene
was then used as the test set. It contained all the classes for the two nomenclatures, the ﬁve
LC classes, and the 12 LU classes. In addition, this image contained all the environments
representing the New Caledonian landscape: urban, mining, mountainous and forest
environment with variations from the coastline to the inland mountain areas. It is on this
entire scene that the ﬁnal confusion matrix and quality metrics were computed.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it is not possible to determine which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The text only mentions that the data was processed and fed into various deep learning architectures and the XGBoost model but does not provide any details about the deployment platform or environment.