Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

)2

(cid:0)

• AGB: version 3 of the 2017 CCI-Biomass product (https://catalogue. 
ceda.ac.uk/uuid/5f331c418e9f4935b8eb1b836f8a91b8), which is a 
follow up of the Globbiomass product (Santoro et al., 2021);  

• OCS  (0–30  cm  soil  depth):  Soilgrids  (https://www.isric.org 

/explore/soilgrids; Poggio et al., 2021). 

(5)  

(6)  

where N denotes the size of the sampling frame (i.e. all units (grid cells) 
in the population) and  zp  is the population mean of the target variable 
reference values. Since we had population data at our disposal, reference 
population values for these metrics were computed by applying the above 
equations. 

The four samples described in Section 2.2 have n units, with n ≪ N. 
Therefore,  they only  estimate  the map  accuracy  metrics for  the  entire 
population. Additionally, the inverse sampling-intensity weighted cross-

Figs.  7  and  8  show  example  variograms  of  AGB  residuals  and  of 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016656S. de Bruin et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 3. AGB predictions using (a) simple random sample; (b) moderately clustered sample; (c) strongly clustered sample; (d) strongly clustered, gapped sample.

mapping probability samples that are exclusively used for map evalua-
tion are often not available and therefore alternative methods have been 
proposed.  In  machine  learning,  if  data  are  abundant,  a  common 
approach is to randomly divide the full dataset used for modelling into 
three parts: a training set, a validation set, and a test set (Hastie et al., 
2009,  Chapter  7).  The  training  set  is  used  for  fitting  the  models,  the 
validation set is used to estimate prediction error for model selection and 
hyperparameter tuning, while the test set is used for assessing the ac-
curacy of the final model. This paper addresses this latter testing phase, 
with the specific aim to assess the accuracy of a thematic map produced 
by a calibrated statistical prediction method. Data availability is often 
limited  so that setting  aside a  test set  cannot always be afforded and 
therefore resampling methods are used (Hastie et al., 2009; Steele et al.,

Fig.  3  shows  example  maps  of  AGB  predictions  made  by  random 
forest  models  trained  on  samples  as  per  four  of  the  five  designs 
compared in this study. At first sight, the maps (a-c) are very similar to 
the proxy of exhaustive ground truth provided in Fig. 1(a) but closer 
inspection reveals some dissimilarities. Perhaps the most apparent dif-
ference is a reduction of the largest AGB values along Europe’s mountain 
ranges in Fig. 3(c). The latter map shows predictions based on a strongly 
clustered  sample  whose  locations  are  shown  in  Fig.  2(f).  It  can  be 
observed that this sample had few sampling sites in the high biomass 
areas, which may partly explain the observed tendency. The predictions 
in Fig. 3(d) differ considerably from those in Fig. 3(a-c). These are based 
on the strongly clustered, gapped sample shown in Fig. 2(h) which fails 
to cover the major part of the study area including the regions with large

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information about the code repository of the deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, I am unable to provide the requested information.