Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Identification of optional ecological sources 

The SOFM is an unsupervised learning neural network approach that 
combines dimensionality reduction and clustering analysis to allocate 
research units into different ES bundles based on spatial similarities. The 
ES bundles were divided using SOFM (using the R package kohonen) 
based on the results of the reconstructed ESV, and the ideal number of 
bundles  was  established  by  calculating  the  Davis-Boldin  Index  (DBI), 
which was used as the basis for identifying ecological sources and setting 
scenarios. Furthermore, this study used hotspot analysis (Getis-Ord G*
i ) 
to  analyze the  spatial clustering of  ESV and  considered  hotspot areas 
with a significance level of 90% or more as optional ecological sources.

2)  Three  scenarios  were  established  based  on  identifying  service 
bundles: product supply, water conservation, and habitat maintenance. 
The  number  of  sources  was  11,  4,  and  4  for  each  type,  respectively, 
accounting for 37.6% of the total area of the region. Under these three 
scenarios, 30, 36, and 36 ecological corridors were identified and clas-
sified into five categories. 

3) In Guangzhou, the minimum area threshold for ecological sources 
is 10 km2. The CWD values for identifying ecological pinch points were 
20,000,  62,000,  and  93,000  for  the  three  scenarios,  while  the  search 
radii for ecological barriers were 320, 200, and 500 m.

research  area.  Specifically,  the  Platalea  minor,  a  protected  waterbird 
species inhabiting the PRD, was used as the reference. The maximum 
migration distance of this species was used to determine the maximum 
corridor  length,  whereas  the  wetland  resistance  value  was  used  to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026907Y. Hou et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Fig. 5. Spatial distribution and landscape composition of ecological corridors. 
Note: I: recreational footpath, II: rainwater corridor, III: ecological leisure, IV: river runoff, and V: species migration. 

Table 3 
Classification of ecological corridors.  

Source-sink landscape 

Ecological corridor types 

Amount 

Average length/km 

Scenario A 

Scenario B 

Scenario C 

Scenario A 

Scenario B 

Scenario C

Railway and expressway 

Vector 

National Earth System Science Data Center  
(http://www.geodata.cn/) 
CRU dataset (https://crudata.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/hrg/) 
Guangzhou statistical yearbook and national grain trading center 
Geographic Data Sharing Infrastructure, College of Urban and Environmental Science, Peking 
University (http://geodata.pku.edu.cn) 
Geographic Data Sharing Infrastructure, College of Urban and Environmental Science, Peking 
University (http://geodata.pku.edu.cn) 

Note: Grain price data were used to calculate the output value per unit area of grain crops in the study area. 

Spatial 
resolution 

30 m 
30 m 

30 arcsecond 

250 m 

1 km 

1 km 
/ 
1 km 

/ 

where pijand aij are the perimeter and area of patch j for landscape type i, 
respectively. SHAPE0
ij  is the shape index with a square as a reference. 
SHAPEij is the shape index with a circle as a reference after correction 
and SHAPE is the combined shape index after area weighting.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any information available regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the provided text.

Based on the provided context, the research uses an unsupervised learning neural network approach called Self-Organizing Feature Maps (SOFM) to identify ecological sources and set scenarios. The study also employs hotspot analysis to analyze the spatial clustering of ecosystem services value (ESV). However, no specific details about the deep learning pipeline or its data repository link are mentioned.