Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

harvested per hunter day to generate a new time series Yi,i = 1,2,…,21. 
We assumed that Yi had a normal distribution, Yi ∼ N(Xi,σ2
e ), where Xi is 
the non-observable true population size in year i. We used the random 
walk (Eq. (5)), order(cid:0) 1 autoregressive Gompertz model (Eq. (6)), and 
order-2  autoregressive Gompertz model (Eq.  (7)) to represent  density 
independence,  direct  density  dependence  (hereafter,  density  depen-
dence),  and  indirect  (or  delayed)  density  dependence  of  rabbit  pop-
ulations, respectively (Stenseth et al., 1998; Wang, 2009): 

Xi = a + Xi(cid:0) 1 + ui

Xi = a + (1 + b′)Xi(cid:0) 1 + ui

Xi = a + (1 + b′)Xi(cid:0) 1 + cXi(cid:0) 2 + ui

(5)  

(6)  

(7)

2.4. Gompertz population models for the feature extractions of population 
time series 

We used the natural log transformations of the number (Nt) of rabbits 

(cid:0)

0, σ2
u

)
. The variance σ2

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, several strategies can be employed. One common approach is using fixed random seeds during training, which ensures reproducibility by generating the same sequence of pseudo-random numbers each time the code is executed. This allows researchers to compare results across different experiments or architectures more accurately. Another strategy involves averaging multiple runs with different initializations to reduce the impact of any single initialization on the final performance metrics. Additionally, techniques such as dropout regularization and data augmentation introduce controlled randomness into the model architecture and input data, respectively, helping prevent overfitting and improving generalizability. Lastly, Bayesian methods like Monte Carlo Dropout can provide uncertainty estimates alongside predictions, accounting for inherent stochasticity within the model itself.