Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Zhou et al. (2018) used homogeneous and pure pixel filter methods and 
pixel unmixing methods to select high-quality LAI training samples from 
MODIS products and used the support vector machine (SVR) algorithm 
to estimate high spatial resolution LAI. These studies prove that select-
ing  high-quality  LAI  products  from  global  LAI  products  as  training 
samples for empirical models is feasible.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024892D. Han et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Fig. 1. Overview of the research area. (a) China and (b) specific geographic location and elevation of the upper reaches of the Chishui River Basin.  

Table 1 
High spatial resolution satellite images information and data sources.  

Satellite 

Time 

Cloud 
Cover (%) 

Strip 
Numbers 

Data Sources 

Landsat-8 

GF-1 

Sentinel- 
2A 

18 May 
2020 
11 August 
2019 
11 August 
2019 
18 May 
2020 
12 August 
2019 

2.53 

128/41 

0 

1 

0.65 

0.04 

252,360 

252,361 

N0209/ 
R018 
N0209/ 
R018  

https://earthexplorer. 
usgs.gov/ 

https://data.cresda. 
cn/ 

https://dataspace. 
copernicus.eu/

For machine learning methods such as RF models, the quality of the 
training samples can seriously affect their prediction results. Although 
this study utilised the pixel quality control metrics of MODIS products to 
eliminate  cloud-contaminated  and  poor-quality  pixels  and  to  remove 
outliers  from  the  training  samples,  the  surface  of  the  study  area  was 
highly heterogeneous compared to that of Zhai et al. (2020). To ensure 
that a sufficient number of LAI training samples could be selected, the 
main  algorithm  saturated  the  pixels  during  the  selection  of  the  LAI 
training  samples,  but  this  increased  the  high-value  LAI  uncertainty 
(Kang  et  al.,  2021).  Jamali  et  al.  (2023)  used  a  variety  of  machine 
learning  algorithms  to  estimate  various  leaf  parameters  for  wheat 
leaves, concluding that deep neural networks were the most capable of 
improving the prediction accuracy of leaf parameters. Therefore, field

While building the RF model, the training samples were randomly 
divided  according  to  proportions  of  80%  and  20%  and  used  for  the 
training and test datasets, respectively. The parameters of the RF model, 
number of trees (n_estimators), minimum number of leaves (minleaf), and 
number of randomly selected node-split feature variables (max_features) 
significantly affected  the  accuracy and  complexity  of  the model.  This 
study used a grid search method (GridSearchCV) based on the out-of-bag 
(OOB)  error  and  five-fold  cross-validation  to  search  for  the  optimal 
parameters  of  the  model  (Chang  et  al.,  2023).  The  n_estimators  were 
spaced at 50 intervals, ranging from 100 to 1000. The minleaf is 2, 5, 10, 
20, and 50. The max_features were spaced at intervals of 1, ranging from 
1 to k where k is the number of characteristic variables. 

2.3.4. SCS + C terrain correction model

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about the availability or location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the paper by D. Han et al. Therefore, I cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.

Based on the provided context, it appears that the authors utilized various remote sensing data sources, including Landsat-8, GF-1, and Sentinel-2A, to extract high-quality LAI training samples using homogeneous and pure pixel filter methods and pixel unmixing methods. They then employed the support vector machine (SVR) algorithm to estimate high spatial resolution LAI. Additionally, they built a Random Forest (RF) model with optimized parameters using a grid search method based on OOB error and five-fold cross-validation. However, there is no mention of a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository within the given context.