Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this phase the network is trained with the mean scaled absolute 
error as regression loss, using a batch size of 1, an input image resolution 
(cid:0) 5. Moreover, we utilize 
of 1536 × 768 pixels, and a learning rate of 10
only horizontal flipping for data augmentation in this phase. 

2.5. Baseline comparison 

To also have a comparison of our method with a simpler approach, 
we compare our results with the ones from a ResNet50 that was pre- 
trained  on  the  ImageNet  classification  dataset  (Russakovsky  et  al., 
2015) with added FPN, later also referred to at ImageNet baseline model. 
As the ImageNet dataset is a normal classification dataset that does not 
contain the plant species from our dataset, this network cannot be uti-
lized  for  zero-shot  cover  prediction.  Hence,  we  only  evaluate  this 
network after training it on our dedicated plant cover data.

Karpathy, A., Khosla, A., Bernstein, M., et al., 2015. Imagenet large scale visual 
recognition challenge. Int. J. Comput. Vis. 115 (3), 211–252. 

Schmidt, A., Hines, J., Türke, M., Buscot, F., Sch¨adler, M., Weigelt, A., Gebler, A., 

Klotz, S., Liu, T., Reth, S., Roy, J., Trogisch, S., Wirth, C., Eisenhauer, N., 2021. The 
Idiv Ecotron - a Flexible Research Platform for Multitrophic Biodiversity Research. 

Sellers, H.L., Vargas Zesati, S.A., Elmendorf, S.C., Locher, A., Oberbauer, S.F., 

Tweedie, C.E., Witharana, C., Hollister, R.D., 2023. Can plot-level photographs 
accurately estimate tundra vegetation cover in northern Alaska? Remote Sens. 15 
(8), 1972. 

Shorten, C., Khoshgoftaar, T.M., 2019. A survey on image data augmentation for deep 

learning. J. Big Data 6 (1), 1–48. 

Smith, R.L., Smith, T.M., Hickman, G.C., Hickman, S.M., 1998. Elements of Ecology. In: 

Number 577 S6E5 1998. Benjamin Cummings Menlo Parie, CA.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Plant biodiversity 
Plant cover 
Deep learning 
Convolutional neural networks 
Semantic segmentation 
Artificial intelligence

biological  areas,  like  animal  species  identification  (Bodesheim  et  al., 
2022;  Ravoor  and  Sudarshan,  2020)  and  plant  species  identification 
(Bambil  et  al.,  2020;  Kaur  and  Kaur,  2019;  Lasseck,  2017;  Quoc  Bao 
et  al.,  2020).  A  major  reason  for  their  prevalent  usage  is  the  strong 
abundance  of  image  data,  generated  not  only  by  omnipresent  smart-
phones with cameras but also by automated camera systems continu-
ously collecting new data. All this data can either be used to satisfy the 
rather  large  training  data  requirements  of  CNNs  or  be  automatically 
analyzed using trained deep learning models.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper mentions two datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. The first one is a dedicated plant cover data, which is likely a custom dataset created specifically for this study. This dataset contains images of various plant species and is used to train and evaluate the proposed method. The second dataset mentioned is the ImageNet classification dataset, which is a well-known benchmark dataset containing millions of labeled images belonging to thousands of categories. In this case, the authors use a pre-trained ResNet50 model that has been trained on ImageNet to serve as a baseline comparison for their proposed method. However, since ImageNet does not contain the specific plant species present in the dedicated plant cover data, the pre-trained model needs to be fine-tuned on the custom dataset before being evaluated.