Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

ML  techniques  have  great  utility  in  analysing  complex  databases, 
providing  flexible  alternative  to  the  traditional  statistical  techniques 
applied  in  different  fields  of  research  (Cutler  et  al.,  2007;  Lindegren 
et al., 2020; Smoli´nski and Radtke, 2017; Wiff et al., 2022). For example, 
here our RF models naturally modelled potential interactions, and there 
was no need to carefully specify model complexity. Further, there were 
significant correlations among almost all the predictors used (P < 0.05), 
indicative of concerning levels of collinearity for traditional statistical 
modelling – in particular if used in model selection and inference where 
the standard errors become inflated (Fig. S3). In the predictive model-
ling context with RF, these collinearities are of little concern. 

Our  analyses  from  the  RF  identified  the  GSI  and  TL  as  the  most 
important covariates in determining maturate stage, in agreement with

Knowledge of reproductive traits in exploited marine populations is crucial for their management and conser-
vation. The maturity status in fish is usually assigned by traditional methods such as macroscopy and histology. 
Macroscopic analysis is the assessing of maturity stages by naked eye and usually introduces large amount of 
error. In contrast, histology is the most accurate method for maturity staging but is expensive and unavailable for 
many  stocks  worldwide.  Here,  we  use  the  Random  Forest  (RF)  machine  learning  method  for classification  of 
reproductive  condition  in  fish,  using  the  extensive  data  from  Chilean  hake  (Merluccius  gayi  gayi).  Gonads 
randomly collected from commercial industrial and acoustic surveys were classified as immature, mature-active 
and  mature-inactive.  A  classifier  for  these  three  maturity  classes  was  fitted  using  RFs,  with  the  continuous

are  influencing  the  reproductive  process  ought  to  be  considered.  The 
incorporation  of  covariates  on  the  reproductive  process  requires 
analytical tools beyond the simple description of gonadal development. 
During  the  last  decade  the  application  of  Machine  Learning  (ML) 
techniques has grown in many research areas, serving to model complex 
relationships in ecology, genetics, and climate change (Lindegren et al., 
2020;  Rolnick  et  al.,  2022;  Schrider  and  Kern,  2018;  Smoli´nski  and 
Radtke, 2017). Machine learning algorithms use computational methods 
to  “learn”  directly  from  data  without  relying  on  a  carefully  defined 
function  as  a  model  -  in  contrast  to  a  linear  model  say,  where  the 
function must be made explicit. They are generally predictive models 
and characterised by having few assumptions and little dependency on 
the  classic  statistical  assumptions  of  conventional  models  (e.g.  error

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding whether they used grid search or random search for optimization.