Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Fully automatic system for fish biomass estimation based on deep 
neural network 

Tianye Zhang a, b,c, d, Yuqiao Yang d, Yueyue Liu a, b, c, d, Chenglei Liu e, Ran Zhao a, b, c,d, 
Daoliang Li a,b,c, d, Chen Shi a, b, c, d, * 
a National Innovation Center for Digital Fishery, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
b Key Laboratory of Smart Farming Technologies for Aquatic Animal and Livestock, Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, China Agricultural University, Beijing 
100083, China 
c Beijing Engineering and Technology Research Centre for Internet of Things in Agriculture, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
d College of Information and Electrical Engineering, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
e Mingbo Aquatic Co., Ltd, Laizhou, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Aquaculture 
Mass estimation 
Neural network 
Sustainable production

neural network. Comput. Electron. Agric. 173, 105439 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
compag.2020.105439. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10239910

There is no doubt that low-quality images will increase the workload 
of  image  processing,  requiring  more  complex  algorithms.  Obtaining 
high-quality  images  through  a  fully  automated  biomass  estimation 
method, without any manual intervention, can significantly reduce the 
workload  for  humans.  To  decrease  the  need  for  manual  intervention, 
Ravanbakhsh et al. (2015) implemented a deep learning technique that 
automatically detected and identified the head and mouth of Southern 
Bluefin tuna that were cultured in deep-sea cages. The head and mouth 
of the fish in specific positions within the underwater stereo images were 
accurately recognized using the Haar classifier. Although this technique 
efficiently  decreases  manual  processes,  achieving  fully  automated 
acquisition  of  biomass  information  is  still  lacking  in  certain  aspects. 
Fernandes et al. (2020) combined computer vision with deep learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide explicit details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, it mentions that the proposed method uses a deep neural network for mass estimation in aquaculture. Typically, after training a deep learning model, the next step involves saving or serializing the model weights and architecture into a file format such as.h5,.onnx, or.pb. This serialized model can then be loaded onto various platforms for inference. Common platforms include cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, or edge devices like NVIDIA Jetson, Intel Neural Compute Stick, etc. Based on the mentioned keywords and references, we can infer that the authors might have used similar steps to deploy their trained deep learning model. However, without concrete evidence from the text, this remains speculative.