Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10263015X. Li et al.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Xin  Li:  Methodology,  Visualization,  Conceptualization,  Software, 
Formal analysis, Writing –  original draft, Data curation, Writing –  re-
view & editing. Jingwen Xu: Supervision, Writing – review & editing, 
Project administration. Yiyang Jia: Data curation. Shuang Liu: Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Yudie  Jiang:  Data  curation.  Zelin  Yuan:  Data 
curation. Huiyu Du: Data curation. Rui Han: Data curation. Yang Ye: 
Data curation. 

Declaration of Generative AI and AI-assisted technologies in the 
writing process 

Statement: During the preparation of this work the author(s) used 
Bingchat in order to translate Chinese into academic English. After using 
this  tool/service,  the  author(s)  reviewed  and  edited  the  content  as 
needed and take(s) full responsibility for the content of the publication. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare no conflict of interest. 

Data availability

posite  data,  the  annual  mean  NDVI  data  (January–December),  the 
growing season mean NDVI data (March–November), the spring mean 
NDVI data (March–May), the summer mean NDVI data (June–August), 
and  the  winter  mean  NDVI  data  (September–November)  were

cloud  cover,  and  surface  information  across  NDVI  product  datasets 
result  in  distinct  strengths  and  weaknesses  for  each  product.  Conse-
quently, researchers must carefully select NDVI products to ensure data 
suitability for their specific research needs (Fensholt et al., 2009).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention which framework was used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was used based on the given information.