Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Emmanuel, Tlamelo, Maupong, Thabiso, Mpoeleng, Dimane, Semong, Thabo, 

Mphago, Banyatsang, Tabona, Oteng, 2021. A survey on missing data in machine 
learning. J. Big Data 8 (1), 1–37. 

F¨oldi, L´aszl´o, Kuti, Rajmund, 2016. Characteristics of forest fires and their impact on the 

environment. Acad. Appl. Res. Military Public Manag. Sci. 15 (1), 5–17. 

Ganteaume, Anne, Camia, Andrea, Jappiot, Marielle, San-Miguel-Ayanz, Jesus, Long- 
Fournel, Marl`ene, Lampin, Corinne, 2013. A review of the main driving factors of 
forest fire ignition over europe. Environ. Manag. 51, 651–662. 

He, Haibo, Garcia, Edwardo A., 2009. Learning from imbalanced data. IEEE Trans. 

Knowl. Data Eng. 21 (9), 1263–1284. 

Hern´andez Encinas, A., Hern´andez Encinas, L., Hoya White, S., Martín, A., del Rey, and G 
Rodríguez S´anchez., 2007a. Simulation of forest fire fronts using cellular automata. 
Adv. Eng. Softw. 38 (6), 372–378.

However, for machine learning algorithms like backpropagation to 
be successful, a critical condition must be met: all functions involved 
must be differentiable to compute gradients accurately. As said above, 
to make the update criterion differentiable, we use the Gumbel softmax 

function.  So,  by  changing  our  update  criterion  to 

̃
Uk,  we  manage  to 

compute the gradients. 

This new data-driven architecture aims to learn the neighbourhood 
relationship Rk to improve the results of our model. In addition, learning 
the  neighbourhood  relationship  has  value  in  itself,  as  it  allows  us  to 
know and learn how the different elements of the system interact. For 
this purpose, as we can see in Fig. 13 a neural network ANN (or other 
objects) might be defined as Rk, which may take two kinds of inputs:

used in our research. We need to distinguish between the data structures 
of the model. On the one hand, we have what we refer to as spatial in-
puts. For instance, the data extracted from Fig. 2 related to the states of 
each cell are a spatial input of dimensions 257 × 257 × 9, denoted as M 
(masks of states).

data to effectively implement the proposed new strategy. 

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Joan Boters Pitarch: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original 
draft, Software, Methodology, Investigation, Formal analysis, Concep-
tualization.  María  Teresa  Signes  Pont:  Validation,  Supervision,  Re-
sources,  Project  administration.  Julian  Szyma´nski:  Validation, 
Supervision. Higinio Mora Mora: Validation, Supervision. 

Declaration of competing interest 

̃γjF(yi, ̂yi)

=

L˜γ

∑|I|

i∈I

j=0

(9) 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Therefore, to determine the optimal neighbourhood relation Rk, we 
must find the architecture parameters α1, …, αM  that minimize the value 
of L˜γ, i.e. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

α1, …, αM : argminL˜γ  

Acknowledgement

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, there is no explicit information given about the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into sets such as train, test, and validation. However, common practices include splitting the dataset randomly or stratified based on class labels. The typical ratios used are 70/30, 80/20, or 60/20/20 for train, test, and validation respectively. It is also important to note that the choice of splitting ratio depends on various factors such as the size of the dataset, computational resources, and the complexity of the problem being addressed.