Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Crowdsourcing biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers using 
Dive Reporter 

Matej Buzinkai a, *, Marko Radeta a,b,c, Claudio Rodrigues a, b, Francisco Silva a, b, 
Ruben Freitas a, b, Sahar Chebaane a, Paola Parretti a, Susanne Sch¨afer a, Rodrigo Silva a, 
Francesca Gizzi a, Silvia Almeida a, Sonia K.M. Gueroun a, Jo˜ao Canning-Clode a, d, Jo˜ao 
Gama Monteiro a, e 
a MARE – Marine and Environmental Sciences Centre / ARNET - Aquatic Research Network, Agˆencia Regional para o Desenvolvimento da Investigaç˜ao Tecnologia e 
Inovaç˜ao (ARDITI), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal 
b Wave Labs, Faculty of Exact Sciences and Engineering, University of Madeira, Portugal 
c Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
d Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, USA 
e Faculty of Life Sciences, Universidade da Madeira, Portugal

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biodiversity monitoring 
Marine taxa 
Citizen science 
SCUBA diving 
Mobile app

4. Discussion 

Citizen science is increasingly becoming an important tool that en-
ables cost-effective biodiversity monitoring and initiatives oriented at 
marine environments (Garcia-Soto et al., 2021; Kelly et al., 2020). In 
SCUBA oriented citizen science initiatives, a trade-off persists between 
two  approaches  to  data  collection:  opportunistic  reporting  allows 
simplicity and participation of recreational SCUBA divers, but is prone 
to  noisy  data,  while  systematic  surveys  with  standard  protocols  offer 
higher  data  quality,  but  often  create  barriers  to  participation.  In  this 
study,  we  tested  a  novel  approach  that  provides  elements  of  stand-
ardised data collection, while retaining a recreational SCUBA dive plan, 
by leveraging a mobile app with a custom species list to conduct post- 
dive interviews and compile data.

that would include a map and sighting data (40%); to create a poster and 
other dissemination material (40%), and; to advertise the program and 
participating  dive  centres  on  social  media  (20%).  The  taxa  that  were 
most frequently requested included: Batoidea (e.g., butterfly ray, com-
mon  eagle  ray),  Aulostomus  strigosus  (Atlantic  trumpetfish),  Seriola 
Dumerili  (Greater  amberjack),  Sphyraena  sphyraena  (European  barra-
cuda), Sparisoma cretense (Mediterranean parrotfish), Thalassoma pavo 
(Ornate wrasse) and species belonging to the Muraenidae family (Moray 
eels).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any details about a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository for such a pipeline might be located based solely on the given context.