Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

Fig. 2 summarizes a series of processes in designing a deep-learning 
architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool. Subsequent sections will 
provide a comprehensive description of each section. 

2.1. Data collection

2.6. Performance metrics 

Conventional  metrics  were  used  to  evaluate  the  model’s  perfor-
mance, such as confusion matrices, accuracy, recall, precision, F1-score, 
Cohen  Kappa,  and  the  area under  the  ROC curve,  some of  which  are 
defined below (Johnson and Khoshgoftaar, 2019).  

Table 1 
List of hyperparameters utilized for training the Recurrent Neural Network 
model.  

Hyperparameter 

Value 

Optimizer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 
Epochs 
Dropout rate 
Loss function 

ADAM (Kingma and Ba, 2017) 
0.003 
32 
100 
0.5 
Binary Cross Entropy  

●  Confusion Matrix

The model was trained using varying disjoint subsets of the dataset in 
order to assess the number of recordings necessary to yield satisfactory 
classification  metrics.  These  subsets  corresponded  to  different  time 
steps, namely 5, 10, 15, 20, and 25 days of flight activity recordings. 
Subsequent  experiments  included  training  the  model  with  various 
combinations of datasets: 1, 2, 3, or all four datasets combined. These 
raw  and curated versions of the datasets are  readily accessible in the 
Code and Data Availability section. 

2.3. Deep neural network architecture

Fig.  3. Model  architecture  for  predicting  pesticide  presence  in  bees  using  a 
Recurrent Neural Network. This framework integrates two Bidirectional Long 
Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM) layers. The model is designed to process three 
integrated features: the daily number of flights, the duration spent outside each 
day (measured in minutes), and the bee’s age. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026533U. Olivares-Pinto et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

2018). Additionally, the incorporation of bidirectional LSTMs (BiLSTM) 
helps  in  decoding  sequences  from  both  historical  and  future  records, 
enriching  pattern  discernment  in  a  time  series  (Hochreiter  and 
Schmidhuber, 1997; Karim et al., 2019; Khan et al., 2021).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
A Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) is used in the pipeline. More specifically, it uses a framework that integrates two Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM) layers. The model is designed to process three integrated features: the daily number of flights, the duration spent outside each day (measured in minutes), and the bee’s age.