Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

List of acronyms and initials  

AICc 
DFA 
DTW 
SSM 
TMB 
TSA 
WMA 

Akaike Information Criterion corrected for small sample size 
Dynamic factor analysis 
Dynamic time warping 
State space model 
Template model builder 
Theil-Sen analysis 
Wildlife Management Area  

1. Introduction 

Variability of animal abundances across space and time is a central 
theme of ecology (Koenig and Liebhold, 2016; Krebs, 2001; Lundberg 
et al., 2000). Spatiotemporal variations among the populations of the 
same  species  may  result  from  the  differential  responses  of  animal

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population 
time series 

Guiming Wang a, *, Xueyan Shan b, c 
a Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
b Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Entomology and Plant Pathology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
c Institute for Genomics, Biocomputing & Biotechnology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Dynamic time warming 
Hierarchical clustering 
Machine learning 
State space model 
Trend analysis

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs or any other hardware resources were used for this purpose based solely on the provided context.