Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Training data

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027073A. Cusick et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

data  and  at  inference  time.  We  used  many  different  sets  of  hyper-
parameters in YOLOv6 but found only marginal improvements; hence, 
we decided to use the default settings. Finally, we tested working with 
different  spatial  resolutions  of  the  imagery,  most  notably  including 
training runs in which the same images were used at different spatial 
resolutions. We did not find this approach to be beneficial. 

3.2. Inference method

2024). To make these methods more accessible, we published the data 
used in this study, the code used in the analysis, and the trained machine 
learning model.

Stammerjohn, S., Barrington, L., 2020. Engaging ‘the crowd’in remote sensing to 
learn about habitat affinity of the Weddell seal in Antarctica. Remote Sens. Ecology 
Conserv. 6 (1), 70–78. 

Le, H., Samaras, D., Lynch, H.J., 2022. A convolutional neural network architecture 
designed for the automated survey of seabird colonies. Remote Sens. Ecology 
Conserv. 8 (2), 251–262. 

Liu, Y., Shah, V., Borowicz, A., Wethington, M., Strycker, N., Forrest, S., Lynch, H., 

Singh, H., 2020. Towards efficient machine learning methods for penguin counting 

Shuford, W.D., Spear, L.B., 1988. Surveys of Breeding Penguins and Other Seabirds in the 
South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, January–February 1987. NOAA Tech Rep NMFS 
F/NEC-5; National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Washington, DC, USA.  

Tovar-S´anchez, A., Rom´an, A., Roque-Atienza, D., Navarro, G., 2021. Applications of 
unmanned aerial vehicles in Antarctic environmental research. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 
21717.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide specific information on the dataset used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions using various sets of hyperparameters in YOLOv6 and testing different spatial resolutions of imagery without specifying the source or type of data. Additionally, the authors have made their data available alongside the publication, suggesting they may have used custom datasets tailored to their specific application. Unfortunately, without further details, I cannot determine the exact datasets used in the deep learning pipeline.