Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Recent  research  has  demonstrated  the  effectiveness  of  leveraging 
single-algorithm ensemble methods to improve the predictability of ML- 
based  LSM.  Notable  algorithms  in  this  category  include  the  Random 
Forest  (RF)  model  as  demonstrated  by  studies  such  as  (Achour  and 
Pourghasemi,  2020;  Adnan  et  al.,  2020;  Akinci  et  al.,  2021;  Kalantar 
et al., 2020; Youssef and Pourghasemi, 2021). Additionally, the XGBoost 
model  as  indicated  by  (Badola  et  al.,  2023)  and  (Can  et  al.,  2021), 
LightGBM (Ye et al., 2022), and AdaBoost (Gupta and Shukla, 2023; Nhu 
et al., 2020) have been recognized for their ability to improve the ac-
curacy  of  ML-based  LSM  (Adnan  et  al.,  2020).  In  addition  to  single- 
algorithm  ensembles,  mixed-based  algorithm  ensembles,  which 
combine different models, have also shown promise in improving LSM 
performance. These ensemble techniques, such as stacking (Fang et al.,

pending data availability, we will investigate the scalability and trans-
ferability  of  the  ensemble  techniques  and  compare  their  performance 
with  deep  learning  models  such  as  Convolutional  Neural  Networks 
(CNN) and Region-based Convolutional Neural Networks (RCNN). This 
broader  investigation  would  provide  a  more  robust  understanding  of 
landslide vulnerability across the entire and offer valuable insights into 
the effectiveness of advanced ML approaches in LSM.

◦
to 60

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10258314G. Agboola et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 12. The Feature Importance of Random Forest for the two scenarios.: In this representation, categorical variables such as Aspect, Soil Type, Land Cover, and 
Lithology are depicted by their respective categories. The abbreviations used are SPI, TWI, TRI, and TPI.

)

(cid:0)

Ω

fj

= τT +

1
2

λ||w||2

(9)  

2.2.6. Heterogenous ensemble techniques 

Heterogeneous ensemble learning is the practice of combining pre-
dictions of multiple models that are different in terms of their underlying 
algorithms  or  architectures  to  improve  overall  performance.  Utilizing 
heterogeneous ensemble techniques can address biases and improve the 
implemented  two 
effectiveness  of  models. 

In  our  study,  we 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10258312G. Agboola et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 11. The proportion of area covered by each susceptibility category in each scenario.  

heterogeneous  techniques  to  optimize  the  performance  of  five  base 
learners and mitigate potential overfitting:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly discuss any strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, including managing random seed values. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the information available.