Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

}

- Task: A Task is defined by T = {Y, f() }, where Y =
Definition 6.
{
y1, …, yn
depicts a label space. The predictive function is denoted by 
f(), which is trained using pairs (xi, yi) and the labels for new instances 
are predicted by this learned function f(). 

- Transfer learning: If Ts is the learning task for a source 
Definition 7.
domain Ds  and Tt  is the learning task for a target domain Dt, then the 
rationale  of  TL  is  to  model  a  learning  function  ft() in  Dt  by  utilizing 
Ds and Ts, when Ds ∕= Dt or Ts ∕= Tt.

However, when both domains are precisely similar (i.e. Ds = Dt) and 
their  corresponding  learning  tasks  are  also  similar  (Ts = Tt),  the 
learning problem changes to a machine learning approach. 

4. Proposed methodology 

In this section, we will explain our proposed IFTL technique, which is 
implemented under the framework of label refinement. The complete 
architecture is depicted in Fig. 2, and the procedure is described in Al-
gorithm 1.

Further  discussions  analyze  IFTL  and  FTL  for  their  abilities  to 
improve learning by restricting overconfidence (controlling hesitancy) 
during TL by considering GRNN and SVR as the TUR. Overconfidence in 
ELM,  GRNN,  or  SVR  arises  when  they  make  predictions  on  a  dataset 
(target  domain) that has a huge data distribution difference from the 
source domain data on which they are trained. In this scenario, they just 
use their training experience to make predictions during testing without 
considering the distribution divergence in the testing dataset from the 
training  dataset.  We  conclude  this  section  with  the  execution  time 
analysis of the approaches.  

a)  GDP prediction using only CO2 emission data2

b)  IFTL Refinement over GRNN and SVR 

In previous results, ELM is chosen as TUR, and IFTL is implemented 
on the ELM predictions to improve its knowledge transfer. Here, GRNN 
and SVR are chosen one by one as a TUR model in the process described 
in Fig. 2. Then, IFTL with the same parameter settings (as was in the case 
of ELM in the previous subsection, where γ = 0.1) is applied over their 
prediction. The improvement of IFTL over these approaches are depicted 
in Fig. 6, where ‘GRNN_IF’  denotes the error in IFTL prediction when 
IFTL  is  implemented,  choosing  GRNN  as  TUR.  Similarly,  ‘SVR_IF’  de-
notes the IFTL error when IFTL is implemented, choosing SVR as TUR. 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022069S. Kumar et al.

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, confusion matrix etc. However, it can be inferred that the authors have used certain evaluation methods to compare the performance of different models like GRNN, SVR, and ELM. They have also mentioned about the implementation of IFTL over these models to improve their knowledge transfer. Additionally, they have discussed about the issue of overconfidence in these models and how IFTL helps in controlling hesitancy during TL. But, there is no direct reference to any particular postprocessing step being carried out after the model training.