Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

adjustable parameters that control network architecture, optimization 
procedure,  and  regularization.  Common  hyperparameters  include 
number of layers and nodes, learning rate, dropout rate, etc. However, 
optimizing  model hyperparameters  remains imperative  for leveraging

A search space of the primary hyperparameters was defined. Opti-
mization  algorithms  were executed to  find  the  highest  accuracy from 
1,788,160  hyperparameter  combinations.  Our  model  was  trained  for 
200 epochs for each trial to find three DNN architectures that were used 
to  build  three  models  and  train  them  for  the  entire  dataset  for  1000 
epochs (Table 2).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Deep learning 
Optimization algorithms 
Image processing 
Remote sensing 
Land-use and land-cover classification 
Google Earth Engine

3.1. DNN Architecture optimization 

The  optimization  process  considers  three  main  factors.  The  main 
factor is the model’s accuracy when tested using the validation dataset. 
Computation time and costs is the second deciding factor, as both can 
add up over time with the increasing complexity of models and datasets. 
Efficient  methods  for  hyperparameter  optimization  are  necessary  to 
obtain high-performing models while leading to more efficient utiliza-
tion of computational resources. Lastly, commonalities and differences 
between  hyperparameters  can  better  highlight  the  impact  of  each 
hyperparameter on the model’s performance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to provide a detailed explanation about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. This includes details such as whether the model was serialized or what platform was selected for its deployment. Therefore, it cannot be determined how the trained deep learning model was deployed.