Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Nowadays, machine learning and the artificial neural network (ANN) 
computational technique are emerging tools which has put forth a va-
riety  of  remarkable  advancements  in  algorithms  and  processing  tech-
niques. These techniques have been capable of developing models for 
accurate  prediction  utilizing  correlation  patterns  between  input  and 
output datasets, and have been utilized to solve problems in biological 
sciences  (Haykin,  1994;  Kolay  and  Baser,  2014;  Lashkarblooki  et  al., 
2012; Tufail et al., 2008; Yilmaz and Kaynar, 2011). Some researchers 
have  used  image  analysis  with  machine  learning  (ML),  deep  learning 
(DL) and model combination (MC) techniques to identify, monitor and 
estimate plant disease severity under field conditions (Alves et al., 2022; 
Mzoughi  and  Yahiaoui,  2023;  Singh  et  al.,  2022,  2023).  Moreover, 
Revathi and Hemalatha (2014) and Caldeira et al. (2021) have used ML

that encompasses CNN.

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that machine learning and deep learning techniques have been used to develop models for accurate prediction using correlation patterns between input and output datasets. In this case, the input dataset includes weather parameters such as minimum, maximum, and average temperatures, standard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (GDD), minimum relative humidity (RHmini.), maximum relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumulative rainfall (mm), and whitefly per three leaves. These datasets were collected from weather stations located at four different locations from 2011 to 2019. Therefore, these datasets can be considered as part of the deep learning pipeline used in this study. However, without further information, we cannot confirm if any other datasets were also used in the pipeline.

Unhelpful Answer:
I am sorry, but I do not have enough information to answer your question accurately.