Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

that are explicitly corrected by NN1 and NN2. This is interesting and 
strategic information prompting future research to continue along these 
lines and to optimise estimators which result in low bias and low rRMSE 
values  by  balancing  the  weights  of  sample  trees  with  those  of  their 
neighbours.

(Pommerening, 2023), as structural complexity is an important objec-
tive  of  this  type  of  forest  management.  Compared  to  variance,  the 
contribution of bias to the values of rRMSE is rather small. This is where 
the  NN3  and  NN4  estimators  can  help,  since  they  are  effective  in 
reducing the overall index variation. They have performed well with all 
diversity indices other than distance and the aggregation index. In this 
context, it is particularly interesting that the NN4 estimator, which is 
based  on  the  weights  of  both  sample  trees  and  of  the  neighbours  of 
sample trees, has performed best with most diversity indices other than 
distance  and  aggregation  index.  Given  the  general  aim  to  reduce  the 
index variance, this finding seems to suggest that the information pro-
vided by sample-tree neighbours complements that of the sample trees 
and is with most indices more important than spatial edge-bias concerns

1(ci < si)
r2
i × π

(8) 

(2)
i 

w

is the weight of the NN2 estimator, which is not ratio-unbiased 
(Hanisch, 1984; Illian et al., 2008; Pommerening and Stoyan, 2006), i. 
e. although intuitively appealing the estimator is not supported by sta-
tistical theory. An alternative to the NN2 estimator is the more sophis-
ticated NN1 estimator. This estimator not only excludes some sample 
trees in the same way as NN2, but also modifies the individual-tree in-
clusion zones and as a consequence the NN2 weights. The inclusion zone 
radius,  ri,  is  reduced  by  distance,  ci,  between  tree  i  and  its  nearest 
neighbour (Eq. 9). This reduction results in smaller individual-tree in-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain any information about a deep learning model or its hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, I cannot provide an answer based on the given context.