Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Currently, dynamic data citations are most advantageous to support 
query-based data downloads within a single repository or data aggre-
gator and specifying subsets of data. It is particularly useful when data is 
standardized  and  specific  data  can  be  readily  integrated  within  and 
across datasets from a search query, such as integrated species occur-
rence records from hundreds of data sources in GBIF. The data consumer 
only needs to reference one citation for the custom query and download 
instead  of  all  the  underlying  data  packages.  It  also  helps  support 
repeatability and accurate credit since it enumerates the exact subset of 
the data retrieved from the repository (Rauber et al., 2016b).

As  data  becomes  more  accessible,  data  consumers  are  able  to 
incorporate data from many data packages into an analysis. However, 
when a large number of data packages have been used, properly citing 
the data in the reference section without going over page limits can be 
difficult. For example, a paper based on the data from all the AmeriFlux 
sites, all of the NGEE-Tropics data packages, or all of the WFSFA data 
packages would need to include 350, 70, and 96 citations, respectively, 
in the references section. This large number of required citations often 
leads to the citations for the data being provided in the supplementary 
materials, within data/metadata files, or as a table of identifiers. In all of 
these cases, it is difficult to programmatically find the citation of the 
data and thus is unlikely to be counted in the data’s citation metrics. A 
solution to this challenge would be to provide a single citation that can

project. The resulting citation for the data collection can then be used to 
cite all of the resources in the collection.

An  example  of  an  international  network  and  data  infrastructure 
utilizing dynamic data citations is the Global Biodiversity Information 
Facility  (GBIF).  GBIF  enables  global  search  and  integration  of  stan-
dardized biodiversity records and provides dynamic data citations with 
DOIs for each consumer data download, referred to as an occurrence. 
The consumer is requested to cite the occurrence DOI in any resulting 
papers 
https://www.gbif.org/citation-g 
uidelines). A data consumer could still have multiple citations if they 
use  multiple  queries/downloads  or  repositories  to  compile  relevant 
data. Several additional repositories have implemented versions of the 
dynamic data citations recommendations as part of the RDA Working 
Group  recommendation  acceptance  process  (https://www.rd-alliance. 
org/recommendations-outputs/adoption-stories). The ESS-DIVE Fusion 
Database will likely also need to implement dynamic data citations to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. The context mentions GBIF (Global Biodiversity Information Facility), which is a data repository, but it doesn't specify whether a deep learning pipeline has been stored there. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct link to the deep learning pipeline in a data repository like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF.