Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023348H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 7. Module 1 and the bulk of ViT.  

Fig. 8. Results of the model experiments.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023349H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 9. Comparison of three different activation functions.  

Fig. 10. A comparison of two distinct SoftMax functions.  

get  a  substantial  number  of  differential  data.  The  dataset  should  be 
enhanced to generate more data and solve the overfitting issue.

nism (Dosovitskiy et al., 2021). In contrast to CNN, ViT's Self Attention 
was  able  to  combine  the  data  from  the  entire  image,  and  accurately 
model  lengthy  sequence  information.  In  the  standard  ViT  model,  the 
relationship between distinct tokens was crucial since all images were 
turned into fixed-size tokens. By reusing the relationship matrix of the 
image  features,  the  lower  level  ViT  can  perform  more  accurate  rela-
tionship modelling. The images were converted into tokens in a process 
that  is  equivalent  to  downsampling.  A  larger  downsampling  multiple 
indicates that fewer tokens are obtained and more information is lost. 
When  more  tokens  are  acquired  and  the  downsampling  multiple  is 
lower, the lost information is less. When converting a picture to a token, 
the image's content is not taken into account. Such downsampling is too 
fine-grained for complicated pictures, which results in a loss of accuracy.

learning and L2 regularization. Under this perspective, in this work, two 
types  of  data  were  only  used,  whereas  some  restrictions  arise  on  its 
potential application to additional datasets.

Fig. 4. Module 2 model diagram.  

differentiate  samples  with  the  help  of  the  addition  of  s.  More  specif-
ically,  the  network  will  tend  more  to  differentiate  between  simple 
samples and less to complex samples when the s value is smaller. For 
data with a complex distribution like the face of a sika deer, it is typically 
desired  that  the  data  should  be  not  just  separable  across  classes  in 
feature space, but also more importantly-compact within classes for data 
with a complicated distribution. Only by keeping the class compact, a 
more robust decision result for samples with large intra-class variation 
can be derived.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about specific measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model. However, there are hints suggesting potential strategies employed. Firstly, the authors mention using two types of data, implying a diverse dataset. Secondly, they discuss the use of L2 regularization, which helps prevent overfitting and improves the model's ability to generalize. Lastly, while not explicitly mentioned, techniques such as cross-validation or stratified splitting could have been utilized during training and testing phases to further enhance the model's performance and generalizability.