Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

VGG16 (also referred to as the OxfordNet) (Simonyan and Zisserman, 
2014)  CNN architecture and  was selected primarily due to its  perfor-
mance on the ImageNet (Deng et al., 2009) dataset.

Frames processed per second
Watts

(8) 

Power consumption measurements were performed using software- 
based  monitoring,  when  the  system  supported  it.  Only  MediaTek 
Pumpkin i500 power consumption was measured using a high-precision 
external power meter. 

Fig. 7. Confusion matrices generated during the cross-validation phase of the designed CNN models. (a) The average of confusion matrices of the five CNN models. 
(b) Confusion matrix of the best CNN model that was subsequently used in the next phase of the proposed pipeline.

classification  pipeline.  The  validation  performance  of  CNN  Model  4 
with respect to each of the six environmental conditions is shown in the 
confusion matrix of Fig. 7 (b).

* Best CNN model based on Accuracy. 

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018179J. Soom et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

price at the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) was consid-
ered, as the total system cost can vary significantly due to the selection 
of other components. The system's power consumption was measured 
during video processing. It plays a crucial role when deploying a battery- 
powered  embedded  system  if  access  to  a  continuous  power  source  is 
unavailable. The feasibility was described as the ratio of the processing 
efficiency and the power consumption: 

Frames processed per Watt (FPPW) =

Frames processed per second
Watts

(8)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model, such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Therefore, I cannot determine the exact platform used for deployment from the available information.