Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

overview and comparison of machine-learning techniques for classification purposes 
in digital soil mapping. Geoderma 265, 62–77. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
geoderma.2015.11.014. 

Hu, Z., Bass, B., Chan, C.W., Huang, G.H., 2004. An innovative approach for visualization 
of subsurface soil properties. Can. J. Soil Sci. 84, 63–70. https://doi.org/10.4141/ 
S02-075. 

Isikdogan, F., Bovik, A., Passalacqua, P., 2017. RivaMap: An automated river analysis 

and mapping engine. Remote Sens. Environ. 202, 88–97. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
rse.2017.03.044. 

Jarray, N., Ben Abbes, A., Rhif, M., Dhaou, H., Ouessar, M., Farah, I.R., 2022. SMETool: A 
web-based tool for soil moisture estimation based on Eo-Learn framework and 
Machine Learning methods. Environ. Modell. Softw. 157, 105505 https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.envsoft.2022.105505.

The  core  principle  of  node-based  programming  pertains  to  the 
employment of an abstracted node model for the representation of data 
or a computing operator. Each “node” accepts zero or multiple inputs and 
yields outputs subsequent to executing a computing operation. The scope 
of these computational operations encompasses elementary arithmetic 
tasks  as well  as intricate customized functions  necessitating consider-
able computational resources. (Fig. 8). 

The  intricacy  of  project  development  for  users  is  predominantly 
contingent upon the assortment of nodes supplied by both the software 
development  team  (intrinsic  default  functions)  and  community  de-
velopers  (plugin  functions).  A  robust  platform  typically  reaps  the  ad-
vantages  of  an  active  community-driven  ecosystem,  encompassing 
hundreds of plugins contributed by an array of sources. This, in turn, 
enables an extensive scope of functionality and customization for the 
end-users.

4.1. Node-based programming 

Node-based programming, also referred to as flowchart programming, 
constitutes a category of visual programming language (VPL) that enable 
users  to  construct  programs  by  graphically  connecting  a  sequence  of 
“nodes”  for  the  execution  of  logical  operations,  as  opposed  to  delin-
eating them through textual code. This methodology provides a more 
intuitive and accessible means for designing and developing software, 
particularly for individuals possessing limited programming expertise. 
Presently, it is among the most prevalent visual programming models 
employed  across  diverse  fields,  permitting  users,  including  children, 
with minimal programming knowledge to participate in programming 
activities effortlessly. Fig. 7 depicts an array of prominent software ap-
plications for visual programming (encompassing both node-based and 
non-node-based) spanning various sectors and industries.

retrieved  local  climate  data,  envisions  potential  avenues  to  exploit 
existing  remote  sensing  data  and  web-based  APIs.  For  instance,  the 
utilization of resources such as Crop-CASMA (Zhang et al., 2022) for US 
soil moisture data can be beneficial. This could lead to the development 
of integrated data streaming pipelines for visualizing soil information at 
varying degrees of granularity. Not only would this augment the inter-
operability of our system, but it would also foster enhanced multidis-
ciplinary  communication  at  the  developmental  stage,  consequently 
bolstering  collaborations  across  fields.  Nevertheless,  the  prospect  of 
identifying a unified data framework with global applicability remains 
uncertain to us.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available from the given context to determine what specific type of deep learning model is being used in the pipeline. None of the cited papers explicitly mention using a particular deep learning architecture like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Therefore, without additional details about the pipeline, we cannot provide a definitive answer regarding which deep learning model is employed.