Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.4. Limitations and future studies 

Due to the limitations of data sources and classification methods (Jia 
et al., 2023), this may largely affect the in-deep understanding of various 
mangrove species status in China and globally. In addition, although this 
study  discussed  the  effects  of  governmental  policies  on  long-term 
mangrove  evolution,  it  was  still  difficult  to  quantify  the  contribution 
rate of policies on mangrove conservation and restoration. Future dis-
cussion  and  in-deep  study  of  quantifiable  policy  factors  as  well  as 
improved  image  resolution  and  machine  learning  approaches  toward 
accurate identification of mangrove species will be great significance for 
dynamic monitoring and evaluation of mangrove interspecies evolution. 

6. Conclusions

In  the  early  stage  of  remote  sensing  image  classification,  most 
research  was  based  on  local  computers  or  servers  (Chen  et  al.,  2003; 
Coulston et al., 2016; Kolios and Stylios, 2013). Under these conditions, 
large-scale remote sensing image classification required high computer 
performance and long computation times (Ghorbanian et al., 2020). The 
GEE platform has facilitated long-term, large-scale land cover dynamic 
monitoring research in recent years (Liang et al., 2023; Shi et al., 2023), 
and the GEE cloud platform, with its superior storage and computing 
capabilities,  has  been  widely  used for  mangrove  extraction in  coastal 
zones (Chen et al., 2022a, 2022b; Jia et al., 2021), aquaculture ponds 
(Sun  et  al.,  2020), marsh  wetlands (Ning  et  al., 2022),  and  intertidal 
zones (Chen et al., 2022a, 2022b; Cheng et al., 2022). The GEE cloud 
platform  also  effectively  mitigates  the  problem  of  low  accuracy  in

(2)  Training samples were created and landscape types were rapidly 
extracted. Google Earth Pro was used to randomly generate 1800 
sample points in the image of the study area for each year (300 
sample  points  for  each  land  cover  type).  These  sample  points 
were imported into the GEE application programming interface 
(API)  for  further  analysis.  The  samples  were  then  randomly 
divided into training and validation datasets at a 7:3 ratio. The 
random forest algorithm was applied to rapidly classify the land 
use types in the study area.  

(3)  Post-classification  processing  was  applied  to  the  images.  A 
manual  visual  interpretation  approach  was  used  to  correct  the 
image classification results for mangroves within a 10-km buffer 
zone extending inland from the coastline. This procedure effec-
tively corrected misclassifications between forest and mangroves 
resulting from “spectral confusion”.

3. Methodology 

3.1. Image processing 

GEE is a cloud-based geoprocessing platform. Considerable quanti-
ties of geospatial data are publicly available on GEE, including a mul-
tipetabyte  catalog  of  satellite  imagery,  such  as  Landsat  imagery. 
Consequently, GEE facilitates rapid data access and parallel processing 
for analysis (Gorelick et al., 2017; Kennedy et al., 2018). The present 
study  utilized  the  GEE  platform  to  retrieve  atmospherically  corrected 
United  States  Geological  Survey  Landsat  Surface  reflectance  products 

Table 1 
Remote sensing data used in this research.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer that the study uses remote sensing data, specifically United States Geological Survey Landsat Surface reflectance products, which are likely in raster format due to their nature as satellite imagery. Additionally, the study mentions using Google Earth Pro to generate sample points, suggesting the use of vector data. Therefore, it can be concluded that both raster and vector data formats are employed in the study.