Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The significant parameters tuned to improve model performance are
the kernel function, epsilon, regularization parameter (C), and degree.
The kernel function aids in finding the nonlinear relationships in the
data without explicitly transforming it into a higher-dimensional space,
epsilon determines the width of the margin, C describes the penalty for
margin violation, and degree controls the complexity of the nonlinear
decision boundary (Ghosh et al., 2019).

3.2.3.2. Experimental setup. Objective 1

Data-driven models have evolved as effective decision-support tools
for HABs monitoring and prediction. These models are essential for
using patterns between water quality parameters and ecosystem vari-
ables to predict algal-related parameters such as chlorophyll-a, phyco-
cyanin, algal cells, and toxins (Busari et al., 2023; Kimambo et al.,
2019). Machine learning (ML) models such as random forest (RF),
Multilayer perceptron (MLP), long-short term memory (LSTM), and
support vector regression (SVR) have been used successfully to predict
different algal-related parameters and help identify drivers of HABs (Liu
et al., 2019; Qian et al., 2023; Zhang et al., 2015, Busari et al., 2023).
Model predictions are, however, influenced by varying degrees of un-
certainty (Gawlikowski et al., 2023). According to Guzman et al. (2015),
uncertainty refers to the variation between the actual state of a variable
and its theoretical assessment at a particular time. These prediction

Lake in upstate South Carolina using machine-learning approaches. J. South
Carolina Water Resour. 9 (1), 1–14.

Busari, I., Sahoo, D., Jana, R.B., 2024. Prediction of chlorophyll-a as an indicator of
harmful algal blooms using deep learning with Bayesian approximation for
uncertainty assessment. J. Hydrol. 630, 130627.

Cen, H., Jiang, J., Han, G., Lin, X., Liu, Y., Jia, X., Ji, Q., Li, B., 2022. Applying deep

learning in the prediction of chlorophyll-a in the East China Sea. In: Remote Sensing
(Vol. 14, Issue 21). https://doi.org/10.3390/rs14215461.

Cunningham, P., Delany, S.J., 2021. K-nearest neighbour classifiers-a tutorial. ACM

Comput. Surv. 54 (6) https://doi.org/10.1145/3459665.

included during the model training phase when introducing high-
frequency datasets. This is unsurprisingly as dataset size is often line-
arly related to number of regression trees required to build the models
(Biau and Scornet, 2016). This will enable the RF model to learn more
patterns
in the water quality datasets efficiently and improve
chlorophyll-a predictions. The most occurring max_depth when using
the manually sampled dataset was 28, which increased to 37 when more
datasets were used to train the model. Deeper trees in the continuous
high frequency data allows the model to learn intrinsic water quality
patterns. Less deep trees in the manually sampled datasets helps the
model to learn effectively with the few datasets without overfitting. The
inclusion of the chlorophyll-a sensor values as a predictor variable made
little impact on the parameter distribution for both RF_with_Sensor and
RF_w/o_Sensor (Fig. 5). This suggests that increasing predictor numbers

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The given context does not provide specific information about the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, some common regularization techniques include dropout, L1 regularization, and L2 regularization. Dropout randomly sets a fraction rate of input units to 0 at each update during training time, helping reduce overfitting. L1 regularization adds an absolute value of the magnitude of coefficients as penalty term to the loss function, while L2 regularization adds the squared magnitude of coefficient as penalty term to the loss function. Both L1 and L2 regularizations aim to shrink the weights towards zero, reducing the model complexity and preventing overfitting.