Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

to ResNet architectures (Table 2). We note that without selecting the 
best CNN-XC model per species, thus removing the influence of difficult 
species  on  statistics,  average  maximum  F0.5  was  the  same  for  all  ar-
chitectures (0.74). Thus, we conclude that MobileNetv2 could be useful 
for applications requiring smaller CNN architectures.

For pre-training of our CNN classification models, described in Sec-
tion  2.6,  we  used  recordings  of  bird  vocalizations  in  the  XC  archive. 
These recordings were gathered with various devices and quality, but 
required 100% positive identification of bird species. We used a curated 
dataset of XC recordings from the 2020 Cornell Birdcall Identification 
competition (Howard et al., 2020), from which we selected recordings

architectures of deep convolutional neural networks. Artif. Intell. Rev. 53 (8), 
5455–5516. 

Knight, E.C., S`olymos, P., Scott, C., Bayne, E.M., 2020 Oct. Validation prediction: a 

flexible protocol to increase efficiency of automated acoustic processing for wildlife 
research. Ecol. Appl. 30 (7), e02140 https://doi.org/10.1002/eap.2140. 

Knight, E.C., Poo Hernandez, S., Bayne, E.M., Bulitko, V., Tucker, B.V., 2020 May 3. Pre- 

processing spectrogram parameters improve the accuracy of bioacoustic 
classification using convolutional neural networks. Bioacoustics. 29 (3), 337–355. 
Lasseck, M., 2019. Bird Species Identification in Soundscapes. CLEF (Working Notes, 

p. 2380.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Convolutional neural networks 
CNN 
Ecoacoustics 
Avian diversity 
Bird species classification 
Mixture of experts (MoE) 
Citizen science 
Automated recording units 
ARU 
Soundscapes to landscapes 
BirdNET 
Soundscape components

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text mentions that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are used in the pipeline for bird species classification. Specifically, it discusses different architectures of deep convolutional neural networks such as MobileNetv2 and ResNet. It also refers to CNN-XC models, where XC likely stands for xeno-canto, a website for sharing bird sounds. Additionally, there are references to papers discussing the use of CNNs for bioacoustic classification and bird species identification. Therefore, based on this information, it can be concluded that the pipeline uses CNNs as its deep learning model.