Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10230412W. Liu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

XGBoost  offer  a  quantitative  measure  of  the  influence  of  each  input 
feature on the model's predictive accuracy. Specifically, Random Forest 
determines  feature  importance  by  assessing  the  reduction  in  the  Gini 
impurity each time the feature is used for splitting across all trees in the 
ensemble.  XGBoost  computes  feature  importance  based  on  the  gain, 
which indicates the improvement in accuracy brought by a feature to the 
branches which it is on.

higher  MS is needed to better capture the index response to wildfire. 
Compared to the default parameters, the overall accuracy and kappa of 
optimized  parameters  can  improve  by  up  to  8.4%  and  36.8%, 
respectively.

climate and vegetation cover conditions. By selecting the most appro-
priate  index  for  a  given  region,  the  LTR  algorithm  can  provide  more 
accurate results that are meaningful in the context of the specific climate 
conditions of that region.

In  each  conservation  park,  both  Random  Forest  and  XGBoost 
consistently achieved high detection accuracies (above 0.9). However, a 
distinct variation in feature importance was observed across different 
regions (Fig. 9). Similar to our earlier findings, dNBR is the predominant 
contributor  in  Lincoln  Park.  On  the  other  hand,  dNDVI  is  the  most 
influential index for the other parks in both Random Forest and XGBoost 
models. This underlines the superior performance of NDVI over NBR in 
arid conditions, which is not only valid in time-series algorithms like 
LTR  but  also  in  machine-learning  based  bi-temporal  burned  area 
detection. 

4.2. Parameter sensitivity

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not contain information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline or using random seed values. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.