Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

7.1.3. Bespoke neural networks for species sets 

While we selected a suitable neural network for species identifica-
tion, we spent little research so far to train this network to sets of user- 
selected  or  prevalent  species  in  the  region  where  the  camera  trap  is 
deployed.  Training  for  a  bespoke  set  of  species  is  both  possible  and 
desirable. Further research is needed to identify and automate a process 
that,  given  a  set  of  species  of  interest,  outputs  a  robust  and  reliable 
neural network model with suitable weights. 

7.1.4. Low power neural networks in hardware

van Rijsbergen, C.J., 1979. Information Retrieval, 2nd ed. Butterworth-Heinemann, USA.  
Wang, C.Y., Bochkovskiy, A., Liao, H.Y.M., 2021. Scaled-YOLOv4: Scaling cross stage 
partial network. In: Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 
(CVPR), pp. 13029–13038. 

Wei, W., Luo, G., Ran, J., Li, J., 2020. Zilong: a tool to identify empty images in camera- 
trap data. Ecol. Inform. 55, 101021 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2019.101021. 
Weingarth, K., Zimmermann, F., Knauer, F., Heurich, M., 2013. Evaluation of six digital 

camera models for the use in capture-recapture sampling of Eurasian Lynx. 
Wald¨okologie Online 13, 87–92. 

Xi, T., Wang, J., Qiao, H., Lin, C., Ji, L., 2021. Image filtering and labelling assistant 

(ifla): expediting the analysis of data obtained from camera traps. Ecol. Inform. 64, 
101355 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2021.101355.

Recently,  Artificial  Intelligence  (AI)  has  been  brought  to  some 
commercial camera traps, such as the Trail-Guard by Resolve, although 
literature around effectiveness for this is lacking. The use of AI “at the 
edge” may be able to overcome some of the issues of traditional camera 
traps, such as a large number of empty images being kept for analysis 
and  later  discarded.  More  specifically,  machine  learning,  especially 
based  on deep  learning techniques, is  being explored by  the research 
community to reduce as much as possible the amount of useless data 
being  collected.  For  example,  Schindler  and  Steinhage  (2021)  use  a 
combination  of  Mask  R-CNN  with  Flow-Guided  Feature  Aggregation 
(Zhu et al., 2017) to optimize instance segmentation of animal species in 
video clips. Their study is applied to data obtained by camera traps with 
PIR,  capturing  at  dusk  and  night,  in  Bavaria,  four  classes  of  animals

The official, MS-COCO pre-trained, version of this architecture has 
then  been  further  trained,  a  technique  known  as  transfer-learning, 
using the WCS dataset and its recommended data split, giving a cred-
ible mean average precision mAP50 score of 0.75. The mAP metric, used 
to  evaluate  the  PASCAL  VOC  challenge  dataset  (Everingham  et  al., 
2010),  takes  the  mean  over  all  considered  species  of  their  respective, 
species-specific  average  precision  as  defined  below.  The  subscript  50 
refers  to  the  requirement  that  the  area  of  the  intersection  of  ground 
truth  bounding  box  and  predicted  bounding  box  needs  to  be  at  least 
50%  of  the  area  of  the  union  of  both  for  an  otherwise  true  species 
identification to be considered correct. The network does not output a 
binary  value  for  species  identification  but  instead  a  belief  b  ∈ [0, 1] 
that  a  particular  species  has  been  identified.  Thresholding  these

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the provided context, there isn't specific information about the techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, generally speaking, several techniques can be employed to mitigate data bias. These include stratified splitting, which ensures that each subset of the data contains roughly the same proportions of class labels; oversampling, which increases the frequency of minority class examples; undersampling, which decreases the frequency of majority class examples; and diverse data collection, which aims to gather more representative samples. It should be noted that the choice of technique depends on the nature of the data and the problem at hand.