Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2

4 of 20

data sets: Two generated from photo interpretation and one ﬁeld validation data set. These results
will guide future large-scale spatial wetland inventory eﬀorts in Canada. If deep learning techniques
are found to generate better products, new wetland inventories projects should adopt deep learning
workﬂows. If shallow learning methods still produce comparable results, they should continue to
be used in wetland inventory workﬂow; however, deep learning architectures should still remain an
active area of research with regard to methods for wetland mapping.

region. The insets zoom in on important wetland landscapes in the Boreal region. Top-left: Zama Lake wetland area; bottom-right: Utikuma Lake; top-right: The Peace Athabasca Delta; and bottom-right: the McClelland Lake fen/wetland complex. 4. Discussion 381 This study produced two large-scale wetland inventory products using a fusion of open-access 382 satellite data, and machine learning methods. The two machine learning approaches that were 383 compared—convolutional neural networks and XGBoost—demonstrate a decent ability to predict 384 wetland classes and upland habitat across a large region. Some wetland classes, such as bog and 385 swamp, proved to be much harder to map. This is made clear in the relative F1-scores of the wetland 386 classes (Figure 3). In the comparisons to the photo-interpretation validation data sets (Table 3), it is 387 clear that the CNN model outperforms the XGB model in terms of overall accuracy, Kappa statistic, 388 and per-class F1-score. As expected,

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, x FOR PEER REVIEW 5 of 22  These results will guide future large-scale spatial wetland inventory efforts in Canada. If deep 154 learning techniques are found to generate better products, new wetland inventories projects should 155 adopt deep learning workflows. If shallow learning methods still produce comparable results, they 156 should continue to be used in wetland inventory workflow; however, deep learning architectures 157 should still remain an active area of research with regard to methods for wetland mapping. 158 2. Methods  159 2.1. Study Area 160 Our study area includes the Boreal Natural Region (BNR) of Alberta, Canada, along with parts 161 of the Canadian Shield, Parkland, and Foothills Natural Regions (Figure 2). The study area comprises 162 60% (397,958 km2) of the total area of Alberta. Elevations range from 150 m above sea level in the 163 northeast to 1100 m near the Alberta–British Columbia border [53]. 164  Figure 2. Location of the study area

Keywords: wetlands; Sentinel-1; Sentinel-2; Google Earth Engine; remote sensing; Alberta;
segmentation convolutional neural nets; XGBoost; land cover; SAR; machine learning

1. Introduction

Machine learning—a method where a computer discovers rules to execute a data processing
task, given training examples—can generally be divided into two categories: Shallow learning and
deep learning methods [1]. Deep learning uses many successive layered representations of data
(i.e., hundreds of convolutions/ﬁlters), while shallow learning typically uses one or two layered
representations of the data [1]. Deep learning has shown great promise for tackling many tasks such as
image recognition, natural language processing, speech recognition, superhuman Go playing, and
autonomous driving [1–3].

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2; doi:10.3390/rs12010002

www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly mention the location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide a specific answer to your query based on the given context. It would be best to refer to the original source or contact the authors directly for more detailed information about the data repository.