Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sample with its corresponding remote sensing sequence of data. Finally, 70% of the data were used for training 
the algorithms whereas the remaining 30% were used only for validation.

Recently, some approaches have been proposed to evaluate the interpretability of deep learning  models33,34 
including methods based on model decomposition, sensitivity analysis, and feature visualisation. The relevance of 
network inputs can for example be obtained by the gradient-based sensitivity analysis (GBSA), which computes 
the prediction function squared partial derivatives with a standard gradient  backpropagation35. The Layer-wise 
Relevance Propagation (LRP)36 propagates the prediction backward in the neural network using propagation 
rules until the input features are reached. Arras et al.37 proposed a LRP for LSTM networks that provided better 
results than the GBSA on a five-class prediction task. Class activation maps were used to point out the most 
discriminative regions used by a CNN to identify a  class38.

Remote Sens.Mag. 4, 22–40 (2016).

 20.  Zhu, X. X. et al. Deep learning in remote sensing: A comprehensive review and list of resources. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens.Mag. 

5, 8–36 (2017).

 21.  Ma, L. et al. Deep learning in remote sensing applications: A meta-analysis and review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 152, 

166–177 (2019).

 22.  Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y. & Courville, A. Deep Learning (The MIT Press, New York, 2016).
 23.  Hochreiter, S. & Schmidhuber, J. Long short-term memory. Neural Comput. 9, 1735–1780 (1997).
 24.  Campos-Taberner, M. et al. Processing of extremely high-resolution lidar and RGB data: Outcome of the 2015 IEEE GRSS data 

fusion contest-part a: 2-d contest. IEEE J. Sel. Top. Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 9, 5547–5559 (2016).

The best results were achieved using two BiLSTM layers, which indicates that increasing layers is not syn-
onymous to better performance in deep learning approaches. The most relevant information used by the net-
work during training is extracted from the NDVI, B8 (NIR), B4 (red) and ENDVI predictors. From the temporal 
standpoint the Sentinel-2 images corresponding to the summer period were the most informative. The network’s 
outputs interpretability assessment exposed the information flow through the network also evidencing the dates 
in which higher activations of the hidden units were produced.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention of the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model in the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware resources were utilized for this purpose.