Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

f (x) ∼ GP(m(x) , k(x, x’) )

(4) 

NN, a powerful and widely utilized machine learning model, excels 
in tasks such as classification and regression (Arbib, 2003; Niroumand- 
Jadidi  et  al.,  2022).  Comprising  interconnected  nodes  (neurons)  ar-
ranged  in  layers,  NN  processes  and  transforms  input  data  to  produce 
desired  outputs  (Goodfellow  et  al.,  2016;  Niroumand-Jadidi  et  al., 
2022). The fundamental structure encompasses an input layer, one or 
more hidden layers, and an output layer (Hardesty, 2017). The number 
of  neurons  in  the  input  layer  aligns  with  the  count  of  input  features, 
whereas  in  this study, only  wind  speed  is  considered. The number of 
neurons  in  the  output  layer  corresponds  to  the  number  of  outputs  or 
classes  (Hardesty,  2017).  An  essential  consideration  of  NN  design

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Lake total suspended matter retrieval by wind speed: A machine learning 
model trained by time-series satellite imagery 

Ashkan Noori a, Seyed Hossein Mohajeri a, *, Mojtaba Mehraein a, Ahmad Sharafati b 
a Department of Civil Engineering, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Kharazmi University, Tehran, Iran 
b Department of Civil Engineering, Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University, Tehran, Iran   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Chah-Nimeh reservoirs 
Lake water quality 
Neural network 
Satellite images 
Total suspended matter 
Wind speed

Hanintyo, R., Susilo, E., Pradisty, N.A., Surana, I.N., 2021. Chlorophyll-a And Total 

Suspended Matter Retrieval and Comparison of C2RCC Neural Network Algorithms 
on Landsat 8 Data over Wangi-Wangi Island, Indonesia. SPIE, pp. 150–158. 

Hardesty, L., 2017. Explained: neural networks. MIT News 14. 
Hastie, T., Tibshirani, R., Friedman, J.H., Friedman, J.H., 2009. The Elements of 

Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction. Springer. 

He, X., Bai, Y., Pan, D., Huang, N., Dong, X., Chen, J., Chen, C.-T.A., Cui, Q., 2013. Using 
geostationary satellite ocean color data to map the diurnal dynamics of suspended 
particulate matter in coastal waters. Remote Sens. Environ. 133, 225–239. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10256515A. Noori et al.

denoting  a  Gaussian  process  (MacKay,  2003).  During  model  fitting, 
hyperparameters  are  determined  from  the  data  using  methods  like 
maximum likelihood estimation or Bayesian approaches, accommoda-
ting diverse datasets with varying complexities (Sun et al., 2022; Wil-
liams and Rasmussen, 2006). Once fitted, GPR enables predictions for 
new  data  points,  offering  both  point  estimates  and  insights  into  pre-
diction uncertainty (MacKay, 2003).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information on the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the specific link to resources such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF.