Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Finally for the ResNet50 evaluation we use random ten
crop testing with smaller data augmentation parameters than
those used during training.

4.1 The datasets

4.1.1 Google Search Image. For this dataset we select the
3680 labels (around 60% of all labels) with more than 12
images in our training dataset. For each one of these labels

1Code is available at github.com/IgnacioHeredia/plant classification

Table 1: Accuracy results of the two algorithms for
all three test datasets.

Datasets

Google Image Search
Portuguese Flora
iNaturalist

Accuracy %
ResNet50 (paper) PlantNet (usual)
Top1
40
29
33

Top5
63
47
49

Top1
18
15
18

Top5
37
29
30

we automatically retrieve the 10 ﬁrst images returned by the
Google Image Search engine. As this is done in an automated
fashion some minor mislabeled or corrupt examples might
appear in the dataset. By choosing only the most popular
labels and retrieving the top results, we expect to minimize
the presence of mislabeled images.

either about the correct genus or either about the correct
family. This can be valuable information for the users or
experts to narrow the search of the correct specie.

In addition we have seen that trained with the same image
dataset, the ResNet architecture outperforms the most wide-
spread online public plant classiﬁcation algorithm by around
a factor of 2 in top1 and top5 accuracies. Besides our model
does not require to enter a suggested image tag along with
the observation.

With all this information in hand we think that large-scale
biodiversity projects like the Global Biodiversity Information
Facility (GBIF) [17] or LifeWatch [18], the European research
infrastructure on biodiversity, could very well beneﬁt from
this new techniques to build a fast and reliable method to
automatically monitor biodiversity. This tool can deﬁnitely
open the ﬁeld to active contributions of non expert users
including citizen scientists.

4.1.2 Portuguese Flora. The Portuguese ﬂora dataset [16]
consists in 23K images belonging to 2K species. To compose
our test dataset we select the 15K images belonging to one
of the 1300 species which are also present in our training
dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't enough information provided to determine how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. None of the given context mentions any specific optimization methods such as grid search or random search. Therefore, it cannot be determined based solely on the provided text.