Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To develop a robust ANN, we have to consider the selection of the
number of layers, the number of neurons in the hidden layer, the learn-
ing rates, and the number of epochs for model training carefully. For ex-
ample, if we consider an insufﬁcient number of neurons in the hidden
layer, then the ANN cannot reﬂect nonlinearity within the training
data. Conversely, if we consider too many neurons, then the ANN has
an overﬁtting problem, and hence, this leads a lack of generalizability.
In this study, we applied a trial-and-error method, which is known to
be the best method to determine the appropriate number of neurons
and learning rate (Shamseldin, 1997; Hill and Minsker, 2010), and an
early stopping technique to hinder overﬁtting.

For the purpose of prediction, the most important property of a
model is its competence to generalize. While generalization compe-
tence indicates a model's power to perform well on data that were not
used to train it, overﬁtting prevents model generalization in the face
of new situations (Schlink et al., 2003). To avoid overﬁtting, early stop-
ping the most frequently used regularization technique was employed.
In order to apply it, the data set was randomly split into two sets, 80% for
model training (to compute the gradient and updating of the network
parameters, such as weights and biases—the training set) and 20% for
model testing (to test the model error validation—the validation set).
The model weights were randomly initialized and the training process
was stopped when the network began to overﬁt the data, i.e., the
error on the validation set.

Keywords:
Mosquito abundances
Artiﬁcial neural network (ANN)
Multiple regression model (MLR)
Empirical prediction model

a data-driven modeling approach. Environ. Model Softw. 25, 1014–1022.

Kim, M.H., Kim, Y.S., Lim, J.J., Kim, J.T., Sung, S.W., Yoo, C.K., 2010. Data-driven prediction
model of indoor air quality in an underground space. Korean J. Chem. Eng. 27 (6),
1675–1680.

Lebl, K., Brigger, K., Rubel, F., 2013. Predictiong on Culex pipiens/restuans population dy-

namics by interval lagged weather data. Parasites & Vectors 6, 129.

Lek, S., Guégan, J.F., 1999. Artiﬁcial neural networks as a tool in ecological modeling, an

introduction. Ecol. Model. 120, 65–73.

Lek, S., Belaud, A., Baran, P., Dimopoulos, I., Delacoste, M., 1996. Role of some environmental
variables in trout abundance models using neural networks. Aquat. Living Resour. 9,
23–29.

MATLAB and Statistics Toolbox Release, 2014a. The MathWorks, Inc., Natick, Massachu-

setts, United States.

MATLAB and Statistics Toolbox Release, 2014b. The MathWorks, Inc., Natick, Massachu-

setts, United States.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention or reference to any specific data repository link related to the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, without additional details or sources, it would be impossible to provide a precise answer to the query regarding the data repository link.