Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

S2 Fig. Spectrogram annotation interface from Bat Detective. Boxes represent example user
annotations of sounds in a spectrogram of a 3840ms sound clip, showing annotations of two
sequences of search-phase echolocation bat calls (blue boxes), and an annotation of an insect
call (yellow box).
(TIF)

S3 Fig. Example search-phase bat echolocation calls from iBats Romania & Bulgaria train-
ing dataset. Each example is represented as a spectrogram of duration 23 milliseconds and fre-
quency range from 5–115 kHz using the same FFT parameters as the main paper, and contains
examples of different search-phase echolocation call type, but also a wide variety of back-
ground non-bat biotic, abiotic and anthropogenic sounds.
(TIF)

randomly chosen. The start times of the search-phase echolocation calls in these three test sets
were manually extracted. For ambiguous calls, we consulted two experts, each with over 10
years of experience with bat acoustics.

many more unused annotations in the Bat Detective dataset that could potentially increase our
training set size. However, we found some variability in the quality of the citizen science user
annotations, as in other studies [61]. To make best use of these annotations, we need user
models for understanding which annotations and users are reliable [62, 63]. The Bat Detective
dataset also includes annotations of particular acoustic behaviours (feeding buzzes and social
calls), which in future can be used to train detection algorithms for different acoustic behav-
iours [e.g., 64].

binary classification problem. Our CNNFULL consisted of three convolution and max pooling
layers, followed by one fully connected layer (see Supplementary Information Methods for fur-
ther details). We halved the size of the input spectrogram to reduce the input dimensionality
to the CNN which resulted in an input array of size of 130 frequency bins by 20 time steps, cor-
responding to a fixed length, detection window size of 23ms. We applied the CNN in a sliding
window fashion, to predict the presence of a search-phase bat call at every instance of time in
the spectrogram (Fig 1D). As passive acoustic monitoring can generate large quantities of data,
we required a detection algorithm that would run faster than real time. While CNNs produce
state of the art results for many tasks, naïve application of them for detection problems at test
time can be extremely computationally inefficient [33]. So, to increase the speed of our system

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it cannot be determined if they used methods such as grid search or random search.