Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

Fig. 3. The study area Traunstein (Germany). The border of the study area is shown in red. The white dots show the center of all the plots. Background image used: 
Google Image at February 21th 2023. Coordinates in WGS 84/ UTM zone 32 N (EPSG:32632). 

Lang10m  was  derived  fusing  the  GEDI  and  Sentinel-2  images 
through a deep convolutional neural network (Lang et al., 2022). It has 
spatial resolution of 10 m and is valid for the year 2020. The canopy top 
height was defined as the relative height at which 98% of the energy was 
returned  (RH98).  For  the  modelling  GEDI  observations  for  which  the 
image was cloudy or snow-covered were excluded.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

LiDAR GEDI derived tree canopy height heterogeneity reveals patterns of 
biodiversity in forest ecosystems

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used to derive Lang10m from GEDI and Sentinel-2 images. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct link to any code repository such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. However, it might be worth checking out the referenced paper by Lang et al. (2022), as they may have shared additional resources or links within their publication.