Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Some of the state-of-the-art techniques 
for  handling  big  datasets,  such  as  deep  learning  and  convolutional 
neural networks (Stowell, 2022; Stowell et al., 2019), can be difficult to 
run for ornithologists, managers, and researchers without bioacoustics 
or  engineering  backgrounds.  However,  user-friendly  and  ready-to-use 
machine  learning  approaches  have  recently  been  developed  and  are 
increasingly accessible to respond to real-life monitoring challenges and 
the general public (Cole et al., 2022). Among these approaches is Bird-
NET, a research project between The Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the 
Chemnitz University of Technology. BirdNET facilitates the automated 
detection and classification of bird vocalizations, through a developed 
deep neural network, from sound recordings (Kahl et al., 2021). Bird-
NET is able to identify over 3000 bird species (Wood et al., 2021) and is

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019107R. Manzano-Rubio et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Tolkova, I., Chu, B., Hedman, M., Kahl, S., Klinck, H., 2021. Parsing birdsong with deep 

audio embeddings. arXiv preprint (arXiv:2108.09203).  

Towsey, M., Znidersic, E., Broken-Brow, J., Indraswari, K., Watson, D.M., Phillips, Y., 
Street, G., 2018. Long-duration, false-colour spectrograms for detecting species in 
large audio data-sets. J. Ecoacoust. 2 (1). 

Turgeon, P., Van Wilgenburg, S., Drake, K., 2017. Microphone variability and 

degradation: implications for monitoring programs employing autonomous 
recording units. Avian Conserv. Ecol. 12 (1). 

Van Rossum, G., Drake Jr., F.L., 1995. Python tutorial, (Vol. 620).. Centrum voor 

Wiskunde en Informatica, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

the proportion of annotated calls correctly identified by BirdNET may 
differ from 9% for the Mourning dove (Zenaida macroura) to 68% for the 
California  Quail  (Callipepla  californica).  There  are  also  off-the-shelf 
commercially  available  programs like  Kaleidoscope  Pro (300$  annual 
license, Wildlife Acoustics, USA) that can be used to detect and to group 
candidate sounds into clusters using Hidden Markov Models (Abrahams 
and Geary, 2020; P´erez-Granados and Schuchmann, 2020). Moreover, 
species-specific classifiers can be created by training Kaleidoscope Pro to

recognizers,  thus  cannot  be  used  for  detecting  species  not  already 
included  in  BirdNET,  and  has  limited  performance  for  detecting  and 
correctly identifying rare species (Arif et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific information on the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline for BirdNET. However, it mentions that BirdNET uses a deep neural network to automatically detect and classify bird vocalizations from sound recordings. This suggests that the data annotation process likely involves labeling audio files with the corresponding bird species. It is possible that this could involve some form of manual annotation, where experts listen to the audio files and assign labels based on their knowledge of bird vocalizations. Alternatively, it could involve semi-automatic methods, where machine learning algorithms are trained to recognize patterns in the audio data and generate labels accordingly. Without more detailed information about the specific techniques used, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to this question.