Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

and DL models to detect different types of disease symptoms in cotton. 
Rumpf et al. (2010) have utilized ML and DL models for early diagnosis 
and classification of diseases in sugar beet based on spectral plant in-
dexes using a Support Vector Machine (SVM). EfficientNet deep learning 
architecture is reported to be more accurate than DL models for preci-
sion  for  plant  disease  classification  (Atila  et  al.,  2021).  Furthermore, 
ANN  techniques  and  regression  models  have  recently  been  used  to 
predict the bark thickness of ash (Fraxinus excelsior) plants and hypericin 
content  in  Hypericum  perforatum  with  80%  accuracy  (Mosaffaei  and 
Jahani, 2021; Saffariha et al., 2021). Saleem et al. (2021) have devel-
oped an insect pest prediction system (IPPS) using the Internet of Things

that encompasses CNN.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this study is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that its primary function is forecasting or predicting the percentage disease incidence of Cotton Leaf Curl Disease (CLCuD) in upland cotton. This is evident from the use of deep learning models such as Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and other machine learning models like bootstrap forest and boosted tree. These models are trained using various weather parameters including minimum, maximum, and average temperatures, standard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (GDD), minimum relative humidity (RHmini.), maximum relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumulative rainfall (mm), and whitefly per three leaves. The goal seems to be to create a predictive model that can estimate the likelihood of CLCuD occurrence based on these environmental factors. However, without explicit confirmation, we cannot definitively state that the sole purpose of the deep learning model is for prediction or forecasting.