Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Deep learning in remote sensing

In the last decade, deep learning has revolutionized the way infor-
mation is extracted from images. In particular, convolutional neural
networks (CNNs) have achieved unprecedented results in areas like
image classification (Krizhevsky et al., 2012; Simonyan and Zisserman,
2015; He et al., 2016), semantic segmentation (Long et al., 2015; Chen
et al., 2016), object detection (Szegedy et al., 2013; Girshick et al.,
2014; Redmon et al., 2016) and further perception tasks.

to get blurred (as information over an increasingly larger receptive
field is mixed through repeated convolutions). We visualize our model
architecture in Fig. 5 and in the following, the data flow in the model
is described in more detail.

Gast, J., Roth, S., 2018. Lightweight probabilistic deep networks. In: Proceedings of
the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. pp. 3369–3378.
Girshick, R., Donahue, J., Darrell, T., Malik, J., 2014. Rich feature hierarchies for
accurate object detection and semantic segmentation. In: Conference on Computer
Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR). pp. 580–587.

Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., Courville, A., 2016. Deep Learning. MIT Press, http://www.

deeplearningbook.org.

Guo, C., Pleiss, G., Sun, Y., Weinberger, K.Q., 2017. On calibration of modern
neural networks. In: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Machine
Learning, Vol. 70. pp. 1321–1330.

Gustafsson, F.K., Danelljan, M., Schon, T.B., 2020. Evaluating scalable bayesian
deep learning methods
the
IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops. pp.
1289–1298.

robust computer vision.

In: Proceedings of

for

et al., 2019) our model learns to extract predictive texture features from
single input images.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not explicitly mention the specific data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that one of the primary data formats used is images, considering the focus on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) which are predominantly employed for processing image data. CNNs have been successful in various applications such as image classification, semantic segmentation, and object detection. While other data formats like audio or video might also be relevant in different deep learning pipelines, the provided context only discusses image-related applications.