Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for the FWI and FFMC data layers with a spatial resolution of 1 × 1 km.
The nine-cell approach, the results of which are shown in this paper, led
to slightly better prediction results of the variants, likely because it
smoothed existing data inaccuracies within single grid cells.

< 78

78 < 87
5 < 10
2,5 < 8

87 < 91
10 < 20
8 < 17

91 < 93 ≥ 93
20 < 40 ≥ 50
17 < 36 ≥ 36

2.3. Human impact

2.7. Combination of factors

We combined the data layers shown in Fig. 1 using different
weighting approaches (Table 3). This was done to test the sensitivity of
the parameters / combinations in predicting forest fire danger. We
based the weighting of the variants on results of previous studies in the
Alpine context (Albers, 2012; Arpaci et al., 2013; Grima, 2011; Müller
et al., 2013; Müller and Vacik, 2017). For variants 1 to 5, the weighting
of the factor lightning was altered according to the season. From May
15th to September 15th, lightning was given high relevance (50%), as
lightning strikes may ignite up to 50% of all forest fires in Austria
during the summer months (Müller and Vacik, 2017). Since almost no
lightning fires are documented for the rest of the year, the weighting of
the factor lightning was set to zero, leading to 100% human cause.

Variant 6 was seen as a control model with equal weighting for all
parameters.

2.8. Technical implementation

(DWD) is currently working on a new grassland fire index. Such an
index may be particularly useful in the winter half-year for mountain
regions such as the Alps, as it allows a reasonable estimation of fine fuel
moisture beyond the scope of the FFMC and FWI (Müller et al., 2020).
An improvement of the prediction accuracy of winter and spring fires
may also be achieved by including a high-resolution data layer of the
actual snow cover. First attempts of such an approach are currently
tested in France and Germany (Müller et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The context does not provide explicit information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, or validation sets. However, based on common practices in machine learning, we can infer that the dataset might have been divided randomly, stratified, or sequentially. Random splitting involves dividing the dataset into subsets without any specific order, while stratified sampling ensures that each subset maintains the same distribution of classes as the original dataset. Sequential splitting separates the dataset chronologically, where earlier data points are used for training and later ones for testing and validation. In this case, since there is no mention of time series data, random or stratified splitting could have been employed.