Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The model was fine-tuned using the Adam optimizer initialized with 
a default learning rate of 0.0001 and a weight decay of 0. The experi-
ments were conducted in Pytorch on 8 x NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti. 
Fine-tuning was performed on the entire model for 100 epochs, with one 
epoch  corresponding  to  500  episodic  tasks.  Estimation  of  the  energy 
consumption related to the training of the models was calculated using 
the Python package CodeCarbon (https://codecarbon.io/) (v2.3.2 with 
Python v3.8.0). This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy 
and  RAM  energy  in  kilowatt-hour  (kWh).  Two  episodic  tasks  were 
constructed from the training set with 5 way-1 shot and 5 way-5 shot 
tasks.  Latent  space  representations  were  finally  extracted  from  the 
backbone of the model to evaluate their capacity to improve the quality 
of clustering. 

2.3. Parameter estimation of the latent space dimensionality

2.2. Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone 

Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone was performed using 
classical meta-metric learning architectures adapted from the EasyFSL

As  a  result,  fine-tuning  a  pretrained  DenseNet  on  the  Darksound 
dataset returned the highest DBCV scores in all cases, except RN com-
bined  with  AlexNet  fine-tuned  on  5  way-5  shot  tasks  (Table  4.3).  In 
addition, highest ARI and AMI scores were obtained in all cases using a 
pretrained  DenseNet,  except  with  MN  combined  with  ResNet18  fine- 
tuned  on  5  way-1  shot  tasks  (Table  4.2).  This  illustrates  the  impor-
tance of the DBCV score for determining the optimal CNN backbone for 
fine-tuning  the  model  without  knowledge  of  the  ground  truth  labels. 
Note  that  the  backbone  VGG16  never  performed  well  whatever  the 
configuration. 

Training  the  model  for  100  epochs  consumed  more  energy  when 
fine-tuning was performed on 5-way 5-shot tasks than on 5-way 1-shot 
tasks. The pretrained DenseNet consumed the most energy in 5 out of 6 
cases (Fig. 8).

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper uses the Adam optimizer for fine-tuning the pretrained CNN backbone. The Adam optimizer is initialized with a default learning rate of 0.0001 and a weight decay of 0. The experiments were conducted in PyTorch on 8 x NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti GPUs. Fine-tuning was performed on the entire model for 100 epochs, with one epoch corresponding to 500 episodic tasks.

Unhelpful Answer:
The paper does not mention any specific optimization technique used in the deep learning pipeline.