Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

Deep  learning  is  a  relatively  recent  development  in  ML.  Its 
main tool, the deep neural network (DNN), builds upon Artificial 
Neural Networks (ANNs) which were already conceived in the 
middle of the last century. Essentially, “deep learning” refers to a 
set of techniques that allow the training of larger (more neurons) 
and  deeper  (more  layers)  ANNs  (Nielsen,  2015).  These  high 
capacity  networks  became  possible  due  to  the  development  of 
improved  algorithms  for  optimizing  connection  weights  [e.g., 
stochastic  gradient  descent  (Rumelhart  et  al.,  1986)]  and  a 
steep  increase  in  available  computing  power  and  training  data 
(Goodfellow et al., 2016). While these improvements may seem 
only gradual, current DNNs not only outperform their simpler 
ANN  ancestors,  but  frequently  also  perform  better  than  other 
ML approaches in standardized tests of prediction accuracy (e.g.,

To  better  contextualize  the  performance  of  the  DNN, 
we  repeated  Experiments  1  and  2  using  other  widely  used 
classification algorithms, i.e., distributed random forest, gradient 
boosting  machine,  and  generalized  linear  model.  We  used  the 
H2O platform (H2O.ai, 2017), which provides a set of fast and 
scalable  learning  algorithms  and  is  integrated  within  the  R 
software and environment.

REsULTs

Addressing  current  global  challenges  such  as  biodiversity  loss,  global  change,  and 
increasing  demands  for  ecosystem  services  requires  improved  ecological  prediction. 
Recent increases in data availability, process understanding, and computing power are 
fostering quantitative approaches in ecology. However, flexible methodological frameworks 
are needed to utilize these developments towards improved ecological prediction. Deep 
learning  is  a  rapidly  evolving  branch  of  machine  learning,  yet  has  received  only  little 
attention in ecology to date. It refers to the training of deep neural networks (DNNs), i.e. 
artificial neural networks consisting of many layers and a large number of neurons. We 
here  provide  a  reproducible  example  (including  code  and  data)  of  designing,  training, 
and  applying  DNNs  for  ecological  prediction.  Using  bark  beetle  outbreaks  in  conifer-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly mention the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. However, it mentions that the main tool of deep learning is the deep neural network (DNN), which is built upon artificial neural networks (ANNs). Therefore, we can infer that the authors use some form of deep neural network (DNN) or artificial neural network (ANN) in their pipeline. Unfortunately, without more information, we cannot determine if they specifically use convolutional neural networks (CNNs), recurrent neural networks (RNNs), transformers, or another type of DNN/ANN architecture.