Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Pacific oysters 
Invasive species 
Convolutional neural networks 
Deep learning 
Drone 
Remote sensing 
Ecological management

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Drone imagery and deep learning for mapping the density of wild Pacific 
oysters to manage their expansion into protected areas

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Aser Mata: Conceptualization, Methodology, Investigation, Writing 
– original draft, Writing – review & editing, Visualization, Supervision. 
David Moffat: Formal analysis, Software, Writing –  review &  editing, 
Validation. Sílvia Almeida: Funding acquisition, Resources, Writing – 
review & editing. Marko Radeta: Writing – review & editing. William 
Jay:  Data  curation,  Resources.  Nigel  Mortimer:  Funding  acquisition, 
Resources, Writing – review & editing. Katie Awty-Carroll: Software. 
Oliver  R.  Thomas:  Funding  acquisition.  Vanda  Brotas:  Funding 
acquisition. Steve Groom: Project administration, Funding acquisition. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgements

This resulted in a dataset consisting of 3643 tiles for the Scoble site 
(758 containing Pacific oysters, 2885 without Pacific oysters) and 7571 
tiles  for  the  Collapit  site  (879  containing  Pacific  oysters  and  6692 
without Pacific oysters). 

2.3. Validation and training datasets 

To create the training and validation datasets, the tiles containing 
Pacific oysters were split into 70% training, and 30% validation. Data 
augmentation  was  used  to  increase  the  size  of  the  training  dataset, 
through random variations and manipulations to the data. Augmenta-
tions  were  applied  in  a  random  order.  The  list  of  augmentations  is 
described in Table 1. 

The training data set had five augmented images created per original 
tile  to  create  an  additional  5735  tiles  split  between  the  two  sites. 

Table 1 
Data Augmentations applied to training data.  

Augmentation 

Flip 
Crop 
Contrast Shift 
Translation 
Rotation 

Minimum 

Maximum 

–

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the provided context where the source code can be found. It would be best to contact one of the authors listed in the article for more details regarding the code repository.