Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Spline 

Maximum Entropy 
eXtreme Gradient Boosting 

CTA 
GLM 
GAM 
SER 
FDA 
ANN 
GBM 
RF 
MaxEnt 

MARS 

MaxNet 

Vayssi`eres et al., 2000 
Guisan et al., 2002 
Guisan et al., 2002 
Busby, 1991 
Hastie et al., 1994 
Venables and Ripley, 2013 
Elith et al., 2008 
Mi et al., 2017 
Phillips et al., 2006 

Friedman, 1991 
Phillips et al., 2006; Friedman 
et al., 2010 

Training 

XGBOOST 

Chen et al., 2015  

Among the ten climatic variables, Bio04 (Temperature Seasonality) 
and Bio14 (Precipitation of Driest Month) contributed the most to the 
prediction of climatic suitability for all the species; Bio17 (Precipitation 
of Driest Quarter) was shown as the third environmental variable as it 
was present in three of the four species (Table 4). The relative contri-
bution of Bio04 and Bio14 was >32% for all species, with Bio04 being 
the largest contributor. 

3.3. Past projections and present climatic suitability

2019)  could  influence  the  diversification  of  specific  organisms  in  the 
Atlantic Forest, potentially creating barriers to gene flow (Batalha-Filho 
et al., 2010; Thom´e et al., 2010).

precipitation (Gardner et al., 2019; Paz et al., 2021).

Jim´enez et al., 2022). To further refine our projections, we tested two 
types of cutouts; one is called the general extent (GE), encompassing the 
total sum of the natural distribution areas of the four species, and the 
other is referred to as the specific extent (SE), restricted to the individual 
distribution  of  each  species.  To  crop  the  bioclimatic  layers,  we  used 
QGIS  v.3.16.11  (https://www.qgis.org/)  between  01
S  and 
34

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide direct information about addressing data bias during preprocessing of a deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in machine learning and deep learning, several techniques can be employed to handle data bias. These include stratified sampling, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection.

Stratified sampling involves dividing the dataset into strata or subgroups before selecting samples from each group. This ensures that the sample represents the population accurately. Oversampling increases the number of instances in the minority class by replicating them, while undersampling reduces the majority class size. Both methods aim to balance the classes in imbalanced datasets.

Diverse data collection focuses on gathering data from various sources and perspectives to reduce bias caused by limited representation. It helps capture different aspects of the problem space and improves model performance.

These techniques can help mitigate data bias during preprocessing and improve the overall performance of deep learning models.