Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

gen.de/z2/LSAspaces  (Günther  et  al.,  2015).  This  model  has  been 
demonstrated  to  generate  high-quality  performance  with  dense  word 
vectors  and  to  produce  the  best  results  regarding  semantic  similarity 
tasks (Baroni et al., 2014). This space was created using the CBOW al-
gorithm and contains vectors for 300,000 different words, covering a 
broad variety of different topics. It was trained from a 2.8-billion-word 
corpus, a concatenation of the ukWaC corpus (web pages material from . 
uk  domain;  Baroni  et  al.,  2009),  Wikipedia,  and  the  British  National 
Corpus (BNC Consortium, 2007).

A total of 978 hiking trails were associated with textual data, cor-
responding  to  86.7%  of  the  collected  data,  with  an  average  text 
description  length  of  14  words  (SD  = 28.6).  Half  of  the  trails  were 
recorded in the summer months from June to August (481 trails), and 
34% of the trails fell on weekends (Supplementary Materials, Fig. S3). 
The maximum number of trails uploaded by a single user was 30, while 
207  users  uploaded  only  one  trail  over  the  four-year  study  period. 
Moreover, 183 unique words occurred at least three times in total and in 
a  positive  context,  with  a  cumulative  frequency  of  3553.  The  words 
“view”,  “trail”  and  “walk”  were  the  most  frequent  unigrams  and  no 
negative words such as “sad” or “boring” were found in the final dataset 
(Supplementary Materials, Fig. S4). There was a significant difference in 
the  contents  between  the  two  corpora  Wikiloc  and  ukWaC  (x2  =

the perceptions mentioned by hikers during their outdoor experience, 
we extracted the most frequent single words (unigrams) from Wikiloc 
posts.  The  extraction  of  unigrams  consisted  of  three  steps:  text  trans-
lation, data pre-processing, and  word frequency  counting. First,  since 
the text description included five different languages (French, English, 
Dutch,  Italian,  and  Spanish),  we  translated  all  text  descriptions  into 
English  using  DeepL  (https://www.deepl.com).  Second,  data  pre- 
processing  consists  of  using  natural  language  processing  (NLP) 
methods  to  perform  automated  text  mining  in  R,  primarily  using  the 
packages  tidytext  (Silge  and  Robinson,  2017)  and  tm  (Feinerer  and 
Hornik, 2018) for tokenization, lemmatization and English stop words 
removal based on a predefined list of common English words (e.g., and, 
the). An additional set of words such as the name of the country, towns,

Word2vec  is  a  widely  known  word  embedding  technique  (e.g., 
Mikolov et al., 2013; Naili et al., 2017), and has been a successful tool for 
investigating CES from social media data (e.g., Gugulica and Burghardt, 
2023).  Word2vec  can  be  carried  out  in  two  ways:  by  creating  and 
training your own word2vec space based on two different architectures, 
namely, Skip-gram, which predicts the target word based on a nearby 
word, and Continuous Bag-of-Words (CBOW), which learns to predict a 
target word according to its context (Mikolov et al., 2013), or by using 
pre-trained  models (e.g.,  Baroni et al., 2014). Training a new  custom 
word2vec model requires a very large dataset, increases the computa-
tional effort, and could be biased by the geographic origin of the data. 
Therefore,  we  performed  the  semantic  analysis  using  the  pre-trained 
baroni  word2vec  model  provided  at  http://www.lingexp.uni-tuebin

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any explicit information about how the data was split for deep learning model training (train, test, validation) in the given context. However, it is common practice in machine learning and deep learning to use a portion of the available data for training the model, another portion for validating the model during training, and a third portion for testing the model after training. A typical split might be 70% for training, 15% for validation, and 15% for testing. But this can vary depending on the specific requirements and constraints of each project. In some cases, techniques like k-fold cross-validation may also be employed.