Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

We then use data augmentation to estimate σARU by adding a number 
of known ‘non-detections’ with distance of NA to our dataset of detected 
or simulated calls, increasing our total number of observations M to 300 
per ARU. We used a data augmentation variable zi,j for each observation 
to indicate whether it was a true call or not, so that the total realized 
M
number of calls including false positive CNN detections (NFPi =
j=1zi,j) 
can be modelled in relation to our data augmentation parameter ψ, pi,j 
and the binary detection outcomes of each call (yi,j)(eq. 10–12). 

∑

zi,j ∼ Bernoulli(ψ)

mui,j = zi,j*pi,j

(cid:0)
yi,j ∼ Bernoulli

mui,j

)

(10)  

(11)  

(12)

2.2. Empirical data 

2.2.1. Study area

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bias 
Density 
Di-Lane 
Distance sampling 
Northern bobwhite 
Precision 
Spatial capture-recapture 
Telemetry

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The text discusses using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for acoustic detection, training them, and applying data augmentation techniques. It mentions the study area but does not specify any details about the data repository location. Therefore, based on this context alone, we cannot determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.