Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Overall system architecture 

3.4. Design of IKHO algorithm for parameter optimization 

The  overall  system  architecture  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  model  is 

In order to optimally adjust the hyperparameter of the EfficientNet 
model, they are optimally adjusted by the use of IKHO algorithm. KH 
(Wei  and  Wang,  2020)  is  a  SI  based  approach  which  is  based  on  the 
swarming  behavior  of  krills  based  on  a  particular  environmental  and 
biological process. The KH algorithm contains 3 main processes namely 

Fig. 1. Sample satellite images.  

Fig. 2. Overall working process of PTDLEN-VAE model.  

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014523H.M. Alshahrani et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 3. Layered architecture of EfficientNet.

• The IKHO algorithm is designed by the integration of KH algorithm 
with free search (FS) operator to avoid the local optimal problem of 
the KH algorithm.  

• A  PTDLEN  based  feature  extractor  is  presented  by  the  use  of 
parameter  tuned  EfficientNet  model  using  IKHO  algorithm,  which 
aids to enhance the prediction outcome of the PTDLEN-VAE model 
for unseen data.  

• Validation  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  model  takes  place  on  benchmark 
dataset  and  the  experimental  results  are  discussed  interms  of 
different aspects. 

1.3. Paper organization 

The rest of the paper is planned as follows. Section 2 elaborates the 
previous  satellite  imagery  analysis  techniques.  Besides,  Section  3  dis-
cusses  the  proposed  PTDLEN-VAE  model  and  Section  4  offers  the 
experimental validation. At last, Section 5 summarizes the paper. 

2. Prior satellite imagery classification models

Fig. 3. Layered architecture of EfficientNet.  

movement  influenced  by  other  krills,  foraging  action,  and  arbitrary 
diffusion. The KH algorithm modifies the Lagrangian approach in a d- 
dimension decision space using Eq. (1): 

dXi
dt

= Ni + Fi + Di

(1) 

Where Ni, Fi, and Di  denotes the motion supported by other krills, 
physical diffusion, and the forage motion. In case, the movement gets 
affected using other kills, the way of movement, α?, is determined using 
local, and target outcomes. For any krill individuals, the movement can 
be defined using Eq. (2): 

i = Nmaxαi + ωnNold
Nnew

i

(2)

VAE model includes a series of operations such as pre-processing, Effi-
cientNet based feature extraction, IKHO based parameter optimization, 
and VAE based classification. Besides, the IKHO algorithm is designed by 
the  integration  of  KH  algorithm  with  FS  operator  to  avoid  the  local 
optimal problem of the KH algorithm. In addition, the PTDLEN based 
feature extractor by the use of parameter tuned EfficientNet model using 
IKHO  algorithm  helps  to  enhance  the  prediction  outcome  of  the 
PTDLEN-VAE model for unseen data. For validating the improved per-
formance  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  method,  an  extensive  experimental 
analysis  take  place  on  benchmark  aerial  image  dataset.  The resultant 
experimental  values  highlighted  the  supremacy  of  the  proposed 
PTDLEN-VAE model over the other techniques. In future, the presented 
PTDLEN-VAE  model  can  be  deployed  in  unmanned  aerial  vehicles

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using the IKHO algorithm. This algorithm is a swarm intelligence-based approach inspired by the swarming behavior of krills. It integrates the Krill Herd (KH) algorithm with a free search (FS) operator to overcome the local optimum problem often encountered in the KH algorithm. By applying this algorithm, the authors aim to improve the performance of their proposed PTDLEN-VAE model when dealing with unseen data.