Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

3.2. Forest inventory analysis 

The analysis of the large-scale forest inventory in the Kammer forest 
area partly confirmed the results of the sampling simulation (see Section 
3.1) and partly offered new insights. Given an average sample size of 7.8 
trees per sample point (as a result of the application of basal area factor 4 
(cid:0) 1)  the  rRMSE  values  are  lower  than  those  in  the  Hirschlacke 
m2  ha
forest area but slightly larger or approximately the same compared to 
those obtained from the Rosalia simulations (Figs. 3, 4 and 5A). 

(1)

(1)

, T

Similar to the simulation results we can clearly see that in terms of 
rRMSE the NN1 and NN2 estimators are the best choice for r and for R, 
the inventory, NN3 or NN4 estimators result 
whilst for M
in the lowest rRMSE values (Fig. 5A). The good performance of the in-
ventory  estimator  for  M
confirms  the  simulation  results,  whilst  the 
poor performance of NN3 and NN4 for U
is surprising and difficult to 
explain.

(Pommerening, 2023), as structural complexity is an important objec-
tive  of  this  type  of  forest  management.  Compared  to  variance,  the 
contribution of bias to the values of rRMSE is rather small. This is where 
the  NN3  and  NN4  estimators  can  help,  since  they  are  effective  in 
reducing the overall index variation. They have performed well with all 
diversity indices other than distance and the aggregation index. In this 
context, it is particularly interesting that the NN4 estimator, which is 
based  on  the  weights  of  both  sample  trees  and  of  the  neighbours  of 
sample trees, has performed best with most diversity indices other than 
distance  and  aggregation  index.  Given  the  general  aim  to  reduce  the 
index variance, this finding seems to suggest that the information pro-
vided by sample-tree neighbours complements that of the sample trees 
and is with most indices more important than spatial edge-bias concerns

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: I am sorry, but there does not seem to be any information regarding the monitoring of model performance during training in the provided context.