Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

by imaging 
platform / camera 

image-camera- 
orientation* 
image-platform 

image- 
illumination 

image-scale- 
reference 

image-practical- 
constraints* 

Image-level capture 

image-datetime 

data 

image-longitude 
image-latitude 
image-depth 
image-meters- 
above-ground 
image- 
acquisition- 
settings 
image-pixel-per- 
millimeter 
image-area- 
square-meter 
image-curation- 
protocol 

image-annotation- 
QAQC* 

Image and data 

curation 

Ancillary data 
captured 

image-other-data* 

Documentation 
references 

image- 
documentation- 
capture* 
image- 
documentation- 
processing* 

Use of bait (type, quantity, position 
related to imagery, etc.) 
mapping: planned path execution 
along 2–3 spatial axes, stationary: 
fixed spatial position, survey: 
planned path execution along free 
path, exploration: unplanned path 
execution, experiment: observation 
of manipulated environment, 
sampling: ex-situ imaging of samples 
taken by other method 
Camera orientation to subject

in satellite and aerial images with deep learning. Sci. Rep. 9, 14259. 

Hampton, S.E., Strasser, C.A., Tewksbury, J.J., Gram, W.K., Budden, A.E., Batcheller, A. 

L., Duke, C.S., Porter, J.H., 2013. Big data and the future of ecology. Front. Ecol. 
Environ. 11, 156–162. 

Hartman, S.E., Bett, B.J., Durden, J.M., Henson, S.A., Iversen, M., Jeffreys, R.M., 
Horton, T., Lampitt, R., Gates, A.R., 2021. Enduring science: three decades of 
observing the Northeast Atlantic from the Porcupine Abyssal Plain Sustained 
Observatory (PAP-SO). Prog. Oceanogr. 191, 102508. 

Hill, J., Wilkinson, C., 2004. Methods for Ecological Monitoring of Coral Reefs: A 

Resource for Managers. Australian Institute for Marine Science. 

Horton, T., Marsh, L., Bett, B.J., Gates, A.R., Jones, D.O.B., Benoist, N.M.A., Pfeifer, S.,

ground,  image-acquisition-settings,  image-pixel-per-millimeter,  image-area- 
square-meter),  and  image  and  derived  data  curation  (image-curation- 
protocol, image-annotation-QAQC). Finally, the target population defini-
tion  should  include  information  about  any  ancillary  data  captured 
(image-other-data). Metadata fields for documentation (image-documen-
tation-capture,  image-documentation-processing,  image-documentation-ver-
image-documentation- 
sions, 
publications) are also included to facilitate connections between multiple 
image sets (see ‘Defining the target population at different phases of an 
imaging project’, below).

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

Perpendicular, oblique, 
other 
Text  

sunlight, artificial light, 
mixed light 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

sampling 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

3D camera, calibrated 
camera, laser marker, 
optical flow 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

Text 

samplingProtocol 

sampling 

UTC: YYYY-MM-DD HH: 
MM:SS.SSSSS   
Decimal degrees   
Decimal degrees   
Float [m]   
Float [m]   

Camera exif data (aperture, ISO, 
shutter speed, etc.) 

yaml/json   

Image pixel resolution & magnitude 

Image field of view (dimensioned)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not directly discuss specific regularization methods such as dropout or L2 regularization used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it provides metadata fields related to various aspects of image acquisition, processing, and curation for satellite and aerial images using deep learning. Regularization methods like dropout and L2 regularization are techniques employed during model training to reduce overfitting and improve generalization performance. Dropout is a technique where randomly selected neurons are ignored during training, which helps prevent complex co-adaptations on training data. On the other hand, L2 regularization adds a penalty term to the loss function based on the sum of squared weights, encouraging smaller weight values and reducing overfitting. These regularization methods can be applied when developing deep learning models for analyzing satellite and aerial images but are not explicitly mentioned in the given context.