Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

MSAVI =

GREEN (cid:0) BLUE 
2NIR + 1 (cid:0)

√

̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅
(2NIR + 1)2 (cid:0) 8(NIR (cid:0) RED)

predictive efficiency, handle large datasets, and reduce training time. It 
is typically recommended for tabular datasets. LightGBM differs from 
other tree-based methods by implementing leaf-wise splits that create 
more  complex  trees,  which  are  more  efficient  in  reducing  loss  and 
resulting  in  higher  accuracy.  The  split  is  based  on  a  novel  sampling 
method named Gradient-Based One-Side Sampling (Ke et al., 2017), in 
which data with small gradients are excluded, and the rest are used for

The training dataset, including 268 sample plots with 39 features in a 
tabulated format, was used as input during the training process (opti-
mizing  hyper-parameters  and  fitting  models  with  these  data).  The 
training data set was divided into two parts, in which 80% was used for 
training/validation, and the remaining 20% was kept as unseen data for 
testing. To eliminate bias, 10-fold cross-validation was used during the 
training  process,  and  mean  RMSE  was  used  as  the  objective  function 
(lost function). Table 4 shows RMSE, MAE, and R2  using different op-
timizers. In addition, we tested the differences between the RMSEs in 
Table 4 using the Wilcoxon Signed-Rank test with paired samples. The 
differences between (XGBoost-BO vs. XGBoost-TDO, XGBoost-BOHB vs. 
XGBoost-TDO) or (LightGBM-BO vs. LightGBM-TDO, LightGBM-BOHB 
vs.  LightGBM-TDO)  are  significant.  However,  the  performance  of 
XGBoost-TDO  versus  LightGBM-TDO  appears  to  be  the  same (Fig.  3),

2. Data and methods 

The overall workflow of the proposed method is shown in (Fig. 1). 
For  simplicity,  the  workflow  starts  with  collecting  sample  plots  and 
image processing to generate a tabulated dataset, including on-field AGB 
and  independent  features.  This  data  set  is  fed  into  hybrid  models,  in 

which  Bayesian  optimizers  and  TDO  tune  the  hyperparameters  of 
XGBoost and LightGBM using RMSE as the objective function. The best 
model  (with  the  smallest  RMSE)  is  selected  to  estimate  AGB  for  the 
entire study area. This model was also interpreted to understand better 
what operates inside the ‘black box.’ More detailed descriptions of the 
study area,  data specifications and preparation, and  algorithm justifi-
cations are presented in the following sections. 

2.1. Field data

Forest biomass provides a quantitative assessment for carbon stock marketing on a national or regional scale. 
Some countries have committed to net zero carbon emissions, so proper biomass estimations are essential. This 
study investigates the uses of machine learning (LightGBM, XGBoost), in which hyperparameters were tuned by 
Bayesian-based Optimisers and a novel Tasmanian Devil Optimisation algorithm for estimates of aboveground 
biomass (AGB) using Sentinel 1A, Landsat images, and ground survey data. A province in the northern part of 
Vietnam was selected as a case study since the change in land cover has been considered crucial. The models 
were optimized/trained and validated using statistical indicators, namely, root mean square error (RMSE), co-
efficient of determination (R2), and mean absolute error (MAE). The trained models were further explained using 
SHAP values to understand better how they perform and the contribution of each feature to the overall estimates.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In this study, the raw data collection methods for the deep learning pipeline involve field data collection and image processing. Specifically, sample plots are collected, and image processing techniques are applied to generate a tabulated dataset. This dataset includes on-field Above Ground Biomass (AGB) and independent features. The study does not explicitly mention the use of surveys, sensors, or public datasets for data collection. Instead, it focuses on utilizing Sentinel 1A and Landsat images along with ground survey data for estimating Above Ground Biomass (AGB) using machine learning algorithms like LightGBM and XGBoost.