Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Next, three essential parameters were configured in the RF training: 
the number of random regression trees (ntree, tested 20 to 100 trees); 
the number of division variables (mtry, used to determine the number of 
variables available to each node of the tree, with the default number of 
1/3 of the independent variables); and the minimum size of nodes (node 
size, value = 5).

The performance of the models in the estimation was assessed using 
the k–fold cross-validation method, with the data divided into 5 folds (4 
for adjustments/training and 1 for validation). Then, the metrics of Root 
Mean Square Error – RMSE (Eq. (2)); Mean Absolute Error – MAE (Eq. 
(3)), Pearson correlation coefficient - ryˆy  (Eq. (4)); BIAS (Eq. (5)) and 
Relative Bias (%) (Eq. (6)) were calculated at each adjustment/training 
of the folds. This process was repeated 50 times, obtaining the average of 
the  metrics  for  comparison  of  all  models.  The  data  were  randomly 
selected in each of the 50 repetitions, resulting in different data sets, for 
greater robustness of the evaluation. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025645S.J.S.S. Rocha et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine learning methods: Modeling net growth in the Atlantic Forest 
of Brazil

The trained ANN was the multilayer perceptron, also known as the 
multilayer perceptron (MLP), with a hidden layer. The range of neurons 
in  this  layer  was  defined  by  the  Fletcher-Gloss  method  (Silva  et  al., 
2010): 2 × n0.5 + n2 ≤ n1 ≤ 2 × n + 1; in which: n = number of network 
inputs; n1 = amount of neurons in the hidden layer; and n2 = number of 
neurons  in  the  output  layer.  The  activation  functions  tested  were

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not explicitly mention any specific criteria used to determine when training is completed. However, we can infer from general machine learning practices that some common stopping criteria include reaching a certain number of epochs or iterations, achieving a desired level of accuracy or loss, or observing no significant improvement in validation loss over several epochs (i.e., validation loss plateau). In this case, since the authors use k-fold cross-validation and repeat the process 50 times, they might have chosen to stop training based on a predefined number of epochs or iterations rather than waiting for a validation loss plateau due to computational constraints.