Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

then combined with common latent feature space to generate one latent 
feature space layer. Moreover, to learn the corresponding distributions 
on different layers, multiple layers are generated which learns with their 
pluralism,  simultaneously.  Salaken  et  al.,  (2019)  employed  deep 
learning in which  a small sample of target domain is  used as seed to 
transform  source  domain  dataset.  Sousa  et  al.,  (2020)  proposed  a 
transfer  learning  approach  with  data  augmentation  techniques  for 
wildfire detection to overcome data limitations.

Further  discussions  analyze  IFTL  and  FTL  for  their  abilities  to 
improve learning by restricting overconfidence (controlling hesitancy) 
during TL by considering GRNN and SVR as the TUR. Overconfidence in 
ELM,  GRNN,  or  SVR  arises  when  they  make  predictions  on  a  dataset 
(target  domain) that has a huge data distribution difference from the 
source domain data on which they are trained. In this scenario, they just 
use their training experience to make predictions during testing without 
considering the distribution divergence in the testing dataset from the 
training  dataset.  We  conclude  this  section  with  the  execution  time 
analysis of the approaches.  

a)  GDP prediction using only CO2 emission data2

We have found that the proposed approach efficiently captured the 
uncertainty produced by extreme variations in data distribution or the 
predictive tasks across the source and target data. It suitably restricted 
overconfidence  for  better  learning  while  transferring  the  learned 
knowledge. IFTL outperformed FTL, where the training and testing do-
mains (including labels) have huge data distribution differences. This 
validated  the  effectiveness  of  hesitancy  in  restricting  overconfidence 
during TL. IFTL is also thoroughly analyzed for its asymptotic compu-
tational complexity and execution time. The limitation of IFTL is that it 
adds  additional  computation  by  calculating  membership,  non- 
membership,  hesitancy  margin  of  each  feature,  and  the  distance 
metric for refining the output labels predicted by other ML approaches. 
This  work  has  successfully  demonstrated  the  utility  of  ecological

Therefore, it is kept constant at 10% for every experiment of IFTL. 
This value of γ  (a hyper-parameter) is experimentally chosen and then 
kept  constant  at  10%  for  all  experiments  of  IFTL.  When  γ = 0,  then 
MFJF = PLjF, which represents the prediction done by TUR. If Eq. (19), 
results are in a negative value, then we discard it, and no update is done. 
NDm
is a set of those instances from the mixture set (Dm), that are the K- 
j 
nearest neighbors  of  the jth  instance  of  the  target domain.  As  nearest 
neighbors are taken from the mixture of all the intuitionistically fuzzi-
fied  instances  of  the  target  and  the  source  domain,  i.e.,  Dm,  δPjF  is 
calculated  by  two  ways:  First,  if  x0  in  set  NDm
belongs  to  the  source 
j 
domain (Ds), whose labels for Fth 
(x0) are available, then δPjF  is 

class, μYF

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, some general strategies can be applied to manage randomness in deep learning models. These include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, employing ensemble methods to average results from multiple runs, and using techniques like dropout or batch normalization to introduce controlled noise into the model.