Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Tesla K80 GPU for 5 epochs. To align these unsupervised classiﬁcations
with the ImageNet pretraining weights, we normalized the RGB chan-
nels by subtracting the ImageNet mean from each channel. We then
retrained the network using the hand-annotated data for 40 epochs. For
more details of this approach see Weinstein et al. (2019). Data aug-
mentation of random ﬂips and translations was tested and found to
have little eﬀect on the ﬁnal score.

Fig. 1. Conceptual workﬂow of proposed approach for airborne de-
tection of individual tree crowns. Pretraining data is generated by
overlaying predicted trees from a LiDAR-based unsupervised algorithm
on to RGB imagery. These RGB images are used to pretrain a deep
learning neural network. The resulting model is retrained based on
RGB hand-annotations.

2

B.G. Weinstein, et al.

Ecological Informatics 56 (2020) 101061

Table 1
The number of tree annotations used for pretraining, retraining and evaluation.
Pretraining annotations are generated automatically using a LiDAR-based un-
supervised algorithm. Training and evaluation annotations were hand-drawn.

Forest type

Pretraining
annotations

Training
annotations

Evaluation
annotations

Oak Woodland
Mixed Pine
Alpine
Eastern Deciduous

550,905
2,522,855
3,121,036
3,131,283

2533
3405
9730
1231

293
747
1699
489

Alpine forest, and completely connected crowns in the Eastern
Deciduous forest.

Collecting a suﬃcient number of training samples will often be a
bottleneck in developing supervised methods in airborne imagery. It is
therefore useful to test the number of local training samples needed to
achieve maximum performance. We performed a sensitivity study by
training models using diﬀerent proportions of training data. We se-
lected 5%, 25%, 50% and 75% of the total hand-annotations to com-
pare to the full dataset for the within-site results for each site. We reran
this experiment ﬁve times to account for the random subsampling of
annotations. In addition, we ran the evaluation plots for the pretraining
model only (i.e. 0% hand-annotated data) to assess whether the addi-
tion of hand-annotated data improved the within-site pretraining.

3. Results

20%. Given that the sites were selected to be as diﬀerent as possible,
and encompass a range of tree canopy conditions, this result under-
scores the ability of convolutional neural networks to learn ﬂexible
deep features. We expect that as more sites are included, the universal
model will continue to improve. This means that a way forward is to
combine pretraining from as many sites as possible. Given that each
NEON site has millions of trees, and there are dozens of sites with trees
collected annually, there is a possibility of pretraining on continental
scale. Because NEON sites are intended to represent all of the major
biogeographic regions in the United States, this broad scale pre-training
(in combination with existing local training data) has the potential to
reduce the need for new local training data by giving the model the
potential to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees (at
least those within the United States).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Before training a deep learning model, several preprocessing steps may be involved depending on the specific requirements of the task and the nature of the input data. Based on the given context, one such step mentioned is normalization. Specifically, the RGB channels of the image data were normalized by subtracting the ImageNet mean from each channel. This step helps to standardize the input data and ensure that different features contribute equally during the learning process. Additionally, data augmentation techniques like random flips and translations were also tested but found to have little effect on the final score. However, it should be noted that other common preprocessing steps not explicitly mentioned here include scaling, cleaning, or transforming the data into a suitable format for the model. Scaling involves adjusting the values of numeric columns to a certain range, typically between 0 and 1, which can help improve the convergence speed and accuracy of the model. Cleaning refers to handling missing or inconsistent data points, while transforming the data might involve encoding categorical variables or converting text data into numerical representations.