Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Deep learning 
Optimization algorithms 
Image processing 
Remote sensing 
Land-use and land-cover classification 
Google Earth Engine

and backpropagation. In: Proceedings of the IEEE-INNS-ENNS International Joint 
Conference on Neural Networks. IJCNN 2000. Neural Computing: New Challenges 
and Perspectives for the New Millennium, 1. IEEE, Chicago, pp. 114–119. 
Li, L., Jamieson, K., De Salvo, G., et al., 2018. Hyperband: A Novel Bandit-Based 

Approach to Hyperparameter Optimization. 

Li, J., Wu, Z., Hu, Z., et al., 2020. Thin cloud removal in optical remote sensing images 

based on generative adversarial networks and physical model of cloud distortion. 
ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 166, 373–389. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
isprsjprs.2020.06.021. 

Lin, Z., Zhong, R., Xiong, X., et al., 2022. Large-scale rice mapping using multi-task 

spatiotemporal deep learning and Sentinel-1 SAR time series. Remote Sens. 14, 699. 
https://doi.org/10.3390/rs14030699.

A search space of the primary hyperparameters was defined. Opti-
mization  algorithms  were executed to  find  the  highest  accuracy from 
1,788,160  hyperparameter  combinations.  Our  model  was  trained  for 
200 epochs for each trial to find three DNN architectures that were used 
to  build  three  models  and  train  them  for  the  entire  dataset  for  1000 
epochs (Table 2).

adjustable parameters that control network architecture, optimization 
procedure,  and  regularization.  Common  hyperparameters  include 
number of layers and nodes, learning rate, dropout rate, etc. However, 
optimizing  model hyperparameters  remains imperative  for leveraging

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. Data augmentation is a strategy that enables practitioners to significantly increase the diversity of training datasets available for neural networks without actually collecting new data. The most common types of data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, padding, and zooming. These techniques can be applied individually or combined to create more variations of the input data. However, it should be noted that the choice of data augmentation technique depends on the nature of the problem being solved and the characteristics of the dataset. Therefore, based on the given context, we cannot determine which data augmentation techniques were applied in the deep learning pipeline.