Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Seagrass detection in the mediterranean: A supervised learning approach
Dimitrios Eﬀrosynidisa,⁎

, Avi Arampatzisa, Georgios Sylaiosb

T

a Database & Information Retrieval research unit, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi 67100, Greece
b Lab of Ecological Engineering & Technology, Department of Environmental Engineering, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi 67100, Greece

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Seagrass classiﬁcation
Dataset integration and fusion
Machine learning
Data mining
Mediterranean Sea

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

explicit or expanded database is being used.

3.2.5. K-nearest neighbors

It is an non-parametric ‘lazy’ learning algorithm. This means that it
does not make any assumptions on the underlying data distribution and
that it does not use the training data points to do any generalization. It
does not attempt to construct a general internal model, but simply
stores instances of the training data. Classiﬁcation is computed from a
simple majority vote of the nearest neighbors of each point: a query
point is assigned the data class which has the most representatives
within the nearest neighbors of the point.

3.2.6. Decision tree

The Decision Tree Classiﬁer is a simple and widely used classiﬁca-
tion technique. It applies a straightforward idea to solve the classiﬁ-
cation problem by posing a series of carefully crafted questions about
the attributes of the test record. Each time it receives an answer, a
follow-up question is asked until a conclusion about the class label of
the record is reached.

3.2. Machine learning algorithms

There exist many supervised machine learning algorithms in lit-
erature, distinguished into several categories, such as Generalized
Linear Models (GLM), Decision Trees (DT), Instance Based (IB), Support

One of the most popular machine learning methods for classiﬁcation
of linear problems are Support Vector Machines (SVMs) (Cherkassky,
1997) with a linear kernel. They try to ﬁnd a set of hyperplanes that

3.2.4. Linear SVC

163

D. Eﬀrosynidis et al.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

separate the space into areas representing classes. These hyperplanes
are chosen in a way which maximizes the distance from the nearest data
point of each class. The Linear SVC is the simplest and fastest SVM
algorithm assuming a linear separation between classes.

3.2.5. K-nearest neighbors

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided in the given context regarding the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned in this paper. Therefore, we cannot provide a definitive answer based solely on the given text.