Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

with 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, and 3 neurons 
each, all using the rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function; for 
the output layer we used the sigmoid activation function. We used the 
LSTM method by adding a long short term memory block on the DNN’s 
architecture  previously  described.  The  implementation  of  the  classifi-
cation methods was carried out in Python using the libraries TensorFlow 
and Scikit-learn (Van Rossum and Drake Jr, 1995). Finally, we obtained 
the accuracy, true positive rate and false positive rate using the afore-
mentioned training-test splits of the time series.

machine  learning  methods:  Support  Vector  Machines,  Deep  Neural  Networks,  Long  Short  Term  Memory  and 
Random Forests. The PBP method yielded a competitive performance associated with higher true-positive rates 
in most comparisons while providing interpretability rather than being a black-box method. It is an improvement 
over current state-of-the-art machine learning tools, especially by non-specialists, such as ecologists aiming to use 
a quantitative approach for pest monitoring. We provide the implemented PBP method in Python through the 
pypbp package.

0.15 
224 
21, 866 
(cid:0)
5, 226 

Poisson 

0.28 
310 
(cid:0)
(cid:0)
34, 913 

Negbin 

0.57 
370 
(cid:0)

1.2 
4, 296  

Using the parameter estimates in Table 1, we simulated 20 samples 
of size 400 for each model. We also simulated 20 samples of size 400 
using the negative binomial model with ϕ = 3, to introduce a scenario 
with stronger overdispersion. We computed the accuracy, TPR and FPR 
by training the methods with the initial 80% observations and testing 
with 20% of the time series. Moreover, based on the ROC curve with the 
largest AUROC, we chose d*

base  using four methods:  

1.  ‘TPR_08’:  choose  the  d*

base  value  associated  with  the  smallest  TPR 

value that is equal to or greater than 0.8;  

2.  ‘TPR_09’:  choose  the  d*

base  value  associated  with  the  smallest  TPR 

value that is equal to or greater than 0.9;  

3.  ‘FPR_01’: choose the d*

base value associated with the largest FPR value 

that is equal to or less than 0.1;

art  machine  learning  methods,  it  is  also  interpretable,  and  brings 
descriptive advantages combined with its predictive power.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention any specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, common regularization techniques include dropout, L1 regularization, and L2 regularization. Dropout randomly sets a fraction of input units to 0 during training, which helps prevent overfitting. L1 regularization adds a penalty equivalent to the absolute value of the magnitude of coefficients to the loss function, shrinking some coefficients to zero. L2 regularization adds a penalty equivalent to the square of the magnitude of coefficients to the loss function, shrinking coefficients but rarely reducing them to zero. These methods were not mentioned in the provided context, so it cannot be determined if they were used in this case.