Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

hyperparameters for model architectures.  

2.  Partial training: Models are partially trained (on a small fraction of 
the data) to quickly eliminate underperforming configurations.  
3.  Successive Halving: The remaining configurations are grouped into 
sets of different sizes, and the associated models are trained further. 
The best-performing configurations in each set are promoted to the 
next  stage,  while 
the  under-performing  configurations  are 
eliminated. 

4. Repeat: Steps 2 and 3 are repeated until only one configuration re-
mains, which is then considered the best configuration found.

The key idea behind Hyperband is to explore several configurations 
in parallel while allocating more training resources to promising con-
figurations. This enables a more efficient search of the hyperparameter 
space, particularly when computational resources are limited. In sum-
mary, Hyperband combines an initial random search with a ‘successive 
halving’  strategy  to  quickly  identify  promising  configurations  while 
eliminating those that show inferior performance. 

The  detail  of  the  grid  of  possible  combinations  is  presented.  The 
number of convolution layers is lower than that given in the article, the 
network has two convolution layers. Their size and the associated max- 
pooling will be determined in the following interval for each:

structure as the one present in the encoder 

For more details on the theory of the elements discussed we refer the 
reader to the reference book (Goodfellow et al., 2016). This architecture 
involves  a  large  number  of  hyperparameters  related  to  the  different 
types of layers (convolutional or recurrent) and therefore a large number 
of  parameters.  As  a  reminder,  a  parameter  is  internal  to  the  neural 
network.  It  will  evolve  during  the  whole  training  process  A  hyper-
parameter is external to the training process, it defines the properties of 
the network. It remains static during the training process. 

The  HyperBand  algorithm  is  proposed  for  optimisation  and  is 

described in the next section.

• max  pooling  size(dim-max-pooling)  ∈ [2, 3, 4].  The  pooling  window 
size determines the region of the input that will be aggregated into a 
single output element. In general, a larger pooling window size re-
duces the spatial resolution of the output, but can also improve the 
robustness  of  the  network  to  minor  variations  in  the  input.  In 
contrast, a smaller pooling window size retains more detail of the 
input,  but  may  also  make  the  network  more  sensitive  to  noise  or 
minor variations. 

As in the article(Tao et al., 2016), the RHN has same structure in the 

encoder and the decoder:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any information provided about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, some common techniques used to handle data bias include stratified sampling, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection.

Stratified sampling involves dividing the dataset into strata based on certain characteristics and then randomly selecting samples from each stratum. Oversampling increases the representation of minority classes by duplicating examples from these classes, while undersampling reduces the representation of majority classes by removing examples from them. Diverse data collection aims to gather data from various sources and demographics to ensure fair representation across all groups.