Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This is the ﬁrst study to our knowledge to investigate the pheno-
logical features in improving the performance of deep learning. As re-
vealed in our results, we have seen great potential in developing phe-
nological knowledge based deep learning methods. Recent literature
has documented the applications and beneﬁts of deep learning, a new
branch of machine learning, in various ﬁelds (LeCun et al., 2015).
However, it is still a controversial topic whether deep learning is more
suitable than traditional machine learning methods for Landsat image
classiﬁcation (Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Li et al., 2016). Never-
theless, this study aims to evaluate the hypotheses that applying phe-
nological knowledge as input data of deep learning can improve the
performance in the detection of invasive S. alterniﬂora. A comparison
experiment between SAE and SVM with six diﬀerent types of Landsat
images was conducted (see Table 2). The best performance was

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

1.3. Classiﬁer

Although the pixel-based phenological feature may augment the
spectral separability between invasive and native species, another
contributing factor aﬀecting S. alterniﬂora mapping is the development
of an eﬀective classiﬁer. Currently, most mainstream classiﬁers in re-
mote sensing applications are based on machine learning (Mather and
Paul, 2009). Artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) was initially proposed in 1956
for the purpose of constructing a machine to mimic human thinking.
Machine learning emerged in the 1980s to implement AI algorithms.
Deep learning, as a new branch of machine learning, has achieved
successful applications in various ﬁelds since 2012, e.g. computer vi-
sion, speech recognition, and remote sensing classiﬁcation (LeCun

2

J. Tian, et al.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Autoencoder-based deep learning for remote-sensing image classiﬁcation: a case
study of African land-cover mapping. Int. J. Remote Sens. 37, 5632–5646.
Liu, M., Mao, D., Wang, Z., Li, L., Man, W., Jia, M., Ren, C., Zhang, Y., 2018. Rapid
invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora in the coastal zone of mainland China: new ob-
servations from Landsat OLI images. Remote Sens. 10, 1933.

Liu, M.Y., Li, H.Y., Li, L., Man, W.D., Jia, M.M., Wang, Z.M., Lu, C.Y., 2017. Monitoring
the invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora using multi-source high-resolution imagery in the
Zhangjiang estuary, China. Remote Sens. 9, 539.

Lu, J.B., Zhang, Y., 2013. Spatial distribution of an invasive plant Spartina alterniﬂora

and its potential as biofuels in China. Ecol. Eng. 52, 175–181.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not explicitly mention which specific type of deep learning model is used in their pipeline. However, they do mention using an autoencoder-based deep learning approach for remote-sensing image classification. Autoencoders are a type of neural network that learns efficient codings of input data by reconstructing the input data through a bottleneck layer. They are often used for dimensionality reduction or denoising tasks but can also be applied to other problems such as anomaly detection or generative modeling. In this study, the authors use an autoencoder-based deep learning method to extract phenological features from Landsat satellite images and then apply these features to detect invasive Spartina alterniflora plants along the coastline of China.