Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2.1. Baseline model: random forest 

Random forest (Breiman, 2001) utilizes an ensemble of classification 
or regression trees; each tree is grown from a bootstrap sample of the 
training dataset, and represents a series of sequential decisions, in which 
each node of the tree is a binary split made on a predictive feature (e.g., 
whether  the  mean  annual  temperature  is  above  25 
C).  Further,  a 
random subset of features is considered when finding the optimal split at 
each node (we use a value of sqrt(n), n being the number of potential 
predictors, for the size of this subset). When used for classification, the 
outputs from the component trees are put through a majority vote to 
create a single output. This is known to be a simple but powerful method 
of retaining the complex non-linearity of decision trees while avoiding 
overfitting. 

◦

For  all  future  prediction  data,  we  selected  the  representative  con-
centration pathway 8.5 (RCP 8.5) scenario, also known as the ‘business 
as usual’ scenario (Riahi et al., 2011). It assumes the absence of climate 
change policies, high energy demands, and slow technological change. 
Since it has the highest predicted greenhouse gas emissions, we chose it 
to represent the worst case scenario of global warming. 

3.3. Species distribution

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102658Availableonline5June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

amount  of  data,  distribution  data  for  machine  learning  models  and 
physiological data for process-based models. For both types of models, 
the  data  is  difficult  and  costly  to  collect.  This  poses  a  bottleneck  for 
building SDMs for practical use.

The  iterative  model  exploration  in  this  work  roughly  follows  the 
Bayesian workflow described by Gelman et al. (Gelman et al., 2020). The 
Bayesian and non-Bayesian model pairs are chosen so that one repre-
sents  a  less  flexible  model  in  terms  of  possible  shapes  of  its  decision 
boundary (Bayesian logistic regression and MLE logistic regression) and 
one  represents  a  more  flexible  model  (Bayesian  GAM  and  random 
forest).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.