Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 5 
Exp.1 results. 

of RMSE and MAE higher than 20 and in green the values lower than 8; 
while  the  values  of  MRE  are  in  green  if  lower  than  0.4  and  in  red  if 
higher than 1. In the end, we used green for accuracy higher than 0.9 
and red for values lower than 0.75. In addition, the number of obser-
vations in the training set is reported in the column “train size”, while 
the column “% out of range” shows the number of observations in the 
test set with the value of at least one of the two channels out of the range 
between the minimum and the maximum values of the training set. 

6.1. Exp.1

two months, for a total training period of four weeks, yielding encour-
aging results.

Table 7 
Results of Exp.3. 

the distribution of values in the training is more similar to the one of the 
test period. However, when LSTM is performing better than VR + SVR, 
the gain in performance is more significant. 

In  terms  of  bias,  the  results  are  good  for  both  NO  and  NO2.  The 
precision of sensors 4005, 4007, 4009, and 4012 is very low for both NO 
and NO2. Sensor 4006 shows a high precision error only for NO. The 
other sensors have very good performances, even reaching the regula-
tory  monitoring  required  performances.  This  is  an  important  result, 
considering that the mean value of the NO concentrations during the test 
period  (17.22  μg/m3)  was  beyond  the  noise  limit  of  the  cell  (18.75 
μg/m3). The mean concentration of NO is low because the test periods 
are during the co-location near the background station which is located 
in a green area far away from the most relevant source of pollution, such 
as road traffic.

extrapolation function was added to manage out-of-range values. The 
baseline  has  a  training  period  similar  to  HypeAIR  training  period  in 
Exp.1 and Exp.2 and longer in Exp.3 (until October 2020). As can be 
seen, in most cases both VR + SVR and LSTM outperform the baseline by 
reducing RMSE. In Exp.3, despite the VR + SVR and LSTM models being 
trained 9 months before the test period, when compared to RF trained up 
to 4 months before, the results indicate that in most cases VR + SVR and 
LSTM  achieved  superior  performance.  Moreover,  MAE  and  MRE  are 
reduced by at least one of the two HypeAIR methodologies in most cases. 
The accuracy is always improved.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete. However, it does mention that the training period lasts for four weeks in Experiment 1 and nine months in Experiment 3. It also mentions that the training sets consist of data collected over these timeframes. Therefore, it seems that the duration of the training period might serve as a criterion for determining when training is complete. Additionally, the context discusses various metrics like RMSE, MAE, MRE, and accuracy, but it doesn't explicitly state whether they were used to decide when training should stop.