Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

pres_UNB was

uniformly

randomly

selected

and

One hundred replicates were generated for each set pres_UNB and

pres_B and for each value of k.

2.5. Parameterization of the correction methods

The knowledge found in the literature and provided by experts of
the ecology of the An. darlingi species were used to parameterize the
correction methods described in paragraph 2.1 (Table S1 summarizes
the key aspects of such parameterizations).

2.5.1. BGenv

The mean relative rank of each method for each performance index
is shown in Fig. 6. The ranking varied by correction type and the
number of presence sites. Concerning ΔDenv, Fenv was the best method,
followed by BGenv when the amount of presences sites was 20. When

k = 50, BGenv appeared to provide the best results in terms of ΔDenv
and ΔDgeo, even if this result does not appear to be signiﬁcant con-
sidering the dispersed values.

When the number of presence sites increased, BGgeo was ranked the
best in terms of ΔAUC, BGgeo, and Fenv in terms of ΔDenv, and Fgeo in
terms of ΔDgeo.

4. Discussion

This study aimed to present a new sampling bias eﬀect correction
method in the framework of species distribution modeling and to
compare it with other representative approaches of the literature.

4.1. Absolute evaluation

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized using techniques like grid search or random search. However, we can infer that some form of optimization might have been performed based on the statement "The chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a good compromise." This suggests that different parameterizations were tried out before selecting the final one. Additionally, the use of expert knowledge and literature review indicates that informed decisions were made during the parameterization process. Nevertheless, without specific details regarding the optimization technique employed, it cannot be definitively stated whether grid search, random search, or another method was utilized.