Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The presence (1) or absence (0) of PWD was set as a response variable 
in both the RF and Maxent models, whereas five environmental vari-
ables were used as explanatory variables. All environmental variables 
were standardized prior to modeling. Each model was repeated 10 times 
with a randomly chosen dataset and the final result of the model was 
obtained  as  the  mean  value  of  10  replications.  In  each  iteration,  the 
dataset was randomly separated into two parts with a ratio of 7:3 for 
model training and testing. The accuracy and area under the receiver 
operating  characteristic (AUROC)  curve  values  were  used to  evaluate 
the performance of each model. To calculate the accuracy of the models, 
the occurrence probability of the output ranging between 0 and 1 was 
transformed  to  binary  data  (0  or  1)  using  a  cut-off  value  determined 
when the sum of the sensitivity and specificity was highest in the models 
(Fielding and Bell, 1997).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Predicting potential occurrence of pine wilt disease based on environmental 
factors in South Korea using machine learning algorithms 

Dae-Seong Lee a, Won Il Choi b, Youngwoo Nam c, Young-Seuk Park a, * 
a Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02447, Republic of Korea 
b Division of Forest Ecology, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea 
c Division of Forest Diseases and Insect Pests, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest management 
Invasive species 
Random forest model 
Maxent model 
Ensemble model 
Effects of climate change

modeling. R package. 

Hirata, A., Nakamura, K., Nakao, K., Kominami, Y., Tanaka, N., Ohashi, H., Takano, K.T., 
Takeuchi, W., Matsui, T., 2017. Potential distribution of pine wilt disease under 
future climate change scenarios. PLoS One 12, e0182837. 

Humphries, G.R.W., Magness, D.R., Huettmann, F., (eds), 2018. Machine Learning for 

Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, Cham.  

Ikegami, M., Jenkins, T.A., 2018. Estimate global risks of a forest disease under current 
and future climates using species distribution model and simple thermal model–pine 
wilt disease as a model case. For. Ecol. Manag. 409, 343–352. 

Iordache, M.-D., Mantas, V., Baltazar, E., Pauly, K., Lewyckyj, N., 2020. A machine 

learning approach to detecting pine wilt disease using airborne spectral imagery. 
Remote Sens. 12, 2280.

de la Fuente, B., Saura, S., Beck, P.S., 2018. Predicting the spread of an invasive tree pest: 

the pine wood nematode in southern Europe. J. Appl. Ecol. 55, 2374–2385. 
Fielding, A.H., Bell, J.F., 1997. A review of methods for the assessment of prediction 
errors in conservation presence/absence models. Environ. Conserv. 24, 38–49. 
Friedman, J.H., 2001. Greedy function approximation: a gradient boosting machine. 

Ann. Stat. 1189–1232. 

Futai, K., 2008. Pine wilt in Japan: from first incidence to the present, pine wilt disease 
In: Zhao, B.G., Futai, K., Sutherland, J.R., Takeuchi, Y. (eds) Pine Wilt Disease. 
Springer, Tokyo. pp. 5–12. 

Hijmans, R.J., 2020. raster: geographic data analysis and modeling. R package. 
Hijmans, R.J., Phillips, S., Leathwick, J., Elith, J., 2017. dismo: species distribution 

modeling. R package.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the authors use a combination of accuracy and area under the receiver operating characteristic (AUROC) curve values to evaluate the performance of their models. However, there is no explicit mention of how they determine when training is complete. Typically, in machine learning, training can be stopped when the validation loss plateaus or stops improving significantly. This indicates that the model has learned all it can from the training data and further training may lead to overfitting. Without more specific information about the training process used by the authors, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to this question.