Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
◦ × 2.5

The CMAP is a collection of precipitation datasets that can be pro-
duced by analyzing gauge data and estimating satellite-based precipi-
and its temporal 
tation. The spatial resolution of the CMAP is 2.5
resolution is monthly. The data of CMAP can be downloaded from the 
NOAA repository (https://psl.noaa.gov/data/gridded/data.cmap.html). 
Additionally, Landsat satellite datasets were used to investigate water 
surface area and salinity variations over a long period of time (i.e. 1985 
to 2020). For this aim, the most suitable data in terms of identifiability 
(i.e. frames with cloud cover <10%) was selected. It takes eight “Landsat 
frames” to cover the entire Urmia Lake basin. In the present study, 150 
images from 1985 to 2020 were used to assess land cover variations in 
the  selected  basin.  To  minimize  the  radiometric  effects,  radiometric 
calibration was done for the selected images. 

2.2. Description of the adapted methodology

SI =

ρGreen + ρRed
2

(1)  

in which ρGreen and ρRed stand for the reflectance of the green and red 
spectral bands, respectively. The range of SI variations is between 0 and 
1,  and  larger  values  indicate  areas  with  higher  salinity.  It  should  be 
noted  that  the  used  software  programs  in  this  study  were  MATLAB, 
ArcGIS, QGIS, Google Earth Engine (GEE) platform, and Microsoft Excel. 

2.3. Applied drought index 

The  Standardized  Precipitation  Index  (SPI)  is  the  most  commonly 
used indicator in drought detection and characterizing (Belayneh et al., 
2016). This drought index shows abnormal wetness and dryness. The

evaluation  criteria  including the  Correlation  Coefficient  (R)  and  Root 
Mean Square Error (RMSE) were used. Fig. 6(c) shows the values of R 
and RMSE for the considered stations. It was observed that the values of 
the mentioned criteria were desirable for drought modeling such that in 
77% of the stations, there was a strong positive correlation (R > 0.7 and 
p < 0.001) between the SPIs obtained from the in-situ observations and 
satellite. The RMSE values were slightly higher in the Northeast and the 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025608R. Ghasempour et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

R values did not exceed 0.67 (with p < 0.01) for this part. In general, the 
CMAP was suitable for drought monitoring in most parts of the study 
area.

ˇ
Simůnek, J., Oliver, D.P., Awad, J., 2020. 

not: soil erosion in Maasai land as a social dilemma and a challenge to community 
resilience. J. Environ. Psychol. 66, 101365. 

Rahimi, A., Breuste, J., 2021. Why is Lake Urmia drying up? Prognostic modeling with 

land-use data and artificial neural network. Front. Environ. Sci. 9, 603916. 
Safarian Zengir, V., Sobhani, B., Asghari, S., 2020. Monitoring and investigating the 

possibility of forecasting drought in the western part of Iran. Arab. J. Geosci. 13 (12), 
1–12. 

Sala, R., Deom, J.M., Aladin, N.V., Plotnikov, I.S., Nurtazin, S., 2020. Geological history 
and present conditions of Lake Balkhash. In: Large Asian Lakes in a Changing World: 
Natural State and Human Impact, pp. 143–175. 

Seydehmet, J., Lv, G., Nurmemet, I., Aishan, T., Abliz, A., Sawut, M., Abli, A., Eziz, M., 
2018. Model prediction of secondary soil salinization in the Keriya Oasis, Northwest 
China. Sustainability 10 (3), 656.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide information about any deep learning models or their evaluation metrics. However, generally speaking, common metrics used to evaluate the performance of deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, and confusion matrix. Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions out of total instances. Precision indicates the ratio of true positives to all predicted positives. Recall calculates the fraction of relevant instances retrieved among all relevant instances. The F1 score combines both precision and recall into a single metric. The Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve plots True Positive Rate against False Positive Rate, while a confusion matrix summarizes the number of correctly and incorrectly classified instances.