Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

cation. The precision was estimated by dividing the number of cow calls 
detected by the software by the total number of ROIs within the “Cow” 
cluster (Knight et al., 2017; P´erez-Granados and Schuchmann, 2020a) 
and can be interpreted as an index of the percentage of ROIs correctly 
labeled by Kaleidoscope.

undulated Tinamou (Crypturellus undulatus) over an annual cycle in the Brazilian 
Pantanal: new ecological information. Biotropica 52, 165–171. 

R Development Core Team, 2019. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical 

Computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. http://www. 
R-project.org.  

Rempel, R.S., Francis, C.M., Robinson, J.N., Campbell, M., 2013. Comparison of audio 
recording system performance for detecting and monitoring songbirds. J. Field 
Ornithol. 84 (1), 86–97. 

Salem, S.I., Fujisao, K., Maki, M., Okumura, T., Oki, K., 2021. Detecting and tracking the 

positions of wild ungulates using sound recordings. Sensors 21, 866. 

Santos, M.C.A., 2011. Efeito de bovinos sobre a vegetaç˜ao lenhosa eo sub-bosque de 

savanas florestadas no Pantanal sul-Mato-Grossense. Master’s Thesis. Universidade 
Federal de Mato Grosso do Sul, Campo Grande, MS, Brazil. PhD Dissertation.

is the FFT window size. We opted for a larger FFT window size, which 
should  improve  the  resolution  at  lower  frequencies  on  which  cows 
vocalize. Finally, while Karmiris et al. (2021) used the same settings for 
detecting  the  three  ungulate  species  (e.g.,  their  minimum  frequency 
introduced  for  detecting  cow  vocalization  was  much  higher,  500  Hz, 
than the mean minimum frequency measured in our dataset, approxi-
mately 250 Hz), we fitted cow-specific parameters in the model, which 
could also partly explain why our model detected a much larger number 
of cow vocalizations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain any specific details about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware were utilized during the training process based solely on this information.