Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

now feasible to continuously collect training pictures and routinely 

lenges presented here, among others.

re-train a CNN using updated training data.

Having large datasets will allow optimizing performance of CNNs 

The arrival of new individuals to the study population is another 

as  well  as  identifying  the  relative  performance  of  alternative  solu-

challenge  that  needs  to  be  carefully  addressed.  If  these  new  birds 

tions. Other network architectures (e.g. ResNet; He, Zhang, Ren, & 

are  marked  with  a  PIT-tag,  the  CNN  could  be  updated  similarly  to 

Sun,  2016)  and  different  hyper-parameters  settings  (e.g.  learning 

the  problem  of  changes  in  appearance  discussed  above.  However, 

rate)  than  the  ones  used  here  can  yield  different,  and  potentially 

in many cases new individuals will not be marked. Such a problem 

improved,  results.  Other  deep  learning  methods  approaches  could

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

large  training  datasets.  We  provide  simple  and  automated  meth-

connected to a Raspberry Pi (detailed explanation of the developed 

ods for collecting a very large number of labelled pictures by using 

setup  is  available  at  github.com/AndreCFerreira/Bird_individualID) 

FERREIRA Et Al. 2041210x, 2020, 9, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13436 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseMethods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

    |  1075

studies,  or  when  working  with  species  that  have  the  potential  to 

sequence of detected identification.

change their appearance (e.g. moulting in birds), temporal changes 

The  field  of  deep  learning  progresses  rapidly  and  almost  con-

in  appearance  constitutes  a  potentially  serious  limitation.  The 

tinuously  provides  solutions  to  seemingly  challenging  problems. 

problem of long-term application of neural network algorithms has 

However,  this  is  facilitated  by  the  existence  of  large  and  freely 

been studied in the context of place recognition (e.g. streets rec-

availed  databases,  which  are  used  to  try  different  approaches  for 

ognitions;  Gomez-Ojeda,  Lopez-Antequera,  Petkov,  &  Gonzalez-

a wide range of classification problems. For example, the ImageNet 

Jimenez, 2015); however, to our knowledge, there is still no study 

database (Deng et al., 2009) has been used numerous times to cre-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given context, the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available on GitHub. Specifically, the setup is available at <https://github.com/AndreCFerreira/Bird_individualID>. It should be noted that this information was obtained from the provided context and may not reflect any updates or changes made after the time of writing.

Reference(s):
FERREIRA Et Al. 2041210x, 2020, 9, Downloaded from <https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13436> by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität, Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (<https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions>) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License