Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

that are explicitly corrected by NN1 and NN2. This is interesting and 
strategic information prompting future research to continue along these 
lines and to optimise estimators which result in low bias and low rRMSE 
values  by  balancing  the  weights  of  sample  trees  with  those  of  their 
neighbours.

1(ci < si)
r2
i × π

(8) 

(2)
i 

w

is the weight of the NN2 estimator, which is not ratio-unbiased 
(Hanisch, 1984; Illian et al., 2008; Pommerening and Stoyan, 2006), i. 
e. although intuitively appealing the estimator is not supported by sta-
tistical theory. An alternative to the NN2 estimator is the more sophis-
ticated NN1 estimator. This estimator not only excludes some sample 
trees in the same way as NN2, but also modifies the individual-tree in-
clusion zones and as a consequence the NN2 weights. The inclusion zone 
radius,  ri,  is  reduced  by  distance,  ci,  between  tree  i  and  its  nearest 
neighbour (Eq. 9). This reduction results in smaller individual-tree in-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain any information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based on the given context.