Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As  ML-techniques  become  more  pervasive  in  the  field  of  remote 
wildlife monitoring, further study of how ML model performance im-
pacts their utility could become increasingly important. Several open- 
source  species-level  classification  models  have  recently  been  released 
(B¨ohner et al., 2022; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; Tabak et al., 2019; Tabak 
et al., 2020; Tabak et al., 2022; Vecvanags et al., 2022; Whytock et al., 
2021) which can similarly be used in tandem with human tagging to 
improve tagging efficiency (Willi et al., 2019). Yet, species-level classi-
fication models can also be geographically constrained and underper-
form when applied on “out-of-sample” data from locations or in contexts 
that differ from the original training data (Tabak et al., 2019). Under-
standing the role of model performance on tagging efficiency for species- 
detection could prove useful in determining in what circumstances these 
models are effective. 

Author contributions

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Artificial intelligence 
Camera trap 
Data labeling 
Machine learning 
Trail camera 
Wildlife monitoring 
Bounding box

Modern  machine-learning  (ML)  methods  can  perform  a  variety  of 
tasks to help meet these challenges. Determining whether an animal is 
present in an image is a binary classification task that can be performed 
via machine learning to filter out false detections from a dataset. Several 
methods have been used to predict whether an image is empty, including 

measurement  of  differences  between  consecutive  images  (Price  Tack 
et al., 2016; Ren et al., 2013; Wei et al., 2020), convolutional neural 
networks (Tabak et al., 2019; Tabak et al., 2020), and ensemble learning 
(Yang et al., 2021). Alternatively, object detection models that localize 
target  objects  (animals)  within  an  image  can  be  used  to  filter  empty 
images  (Beery  et  al.,  2019).  In  contrast  to  other  techniques,  this 
approach not only identifies empty images through the absence of target 
objects, but also indicates the location of each target object within an 
image (Fig. 1).

classification outcomes from our experiment; and (3) Evaluate the ef-
fects  of  ML  model  performance  on  tagging  efficiency,  including  an 
assessment  of  the  overall  utility  of  the  ML  bounding  box  model  for 
accelerating the data labelling process. 

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Objective 1: perform tagging efficiency experiment

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. However, it mentions that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been used for tasks such as predicting whether an image is empty and identifying animals in images. Therefore, it can be inferred that CNNs might be part of the pipeline, but without explicit confirmation, we cannot definitively say that they are the only type of deep learning model used.