Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

73

G. Wang

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Machine learning for inferring animal behavior from location and
movement data

T

Guiming Wang

Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mail stop 9690, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Behavioral classiﬁcation
Computational ecology
Hidden Markov model
Movement ecology
State space model
Supervised learning algorithm
Unsupervised learning algorithm

quantifying habitat selection. Divers. Distrib. 20, 322–333.

Langrock, R., King, R., Matthiopoulos, J., Thomas, L., Fortin, D., Morales, J.M., 2012.

Ropert-Coudert, Y., Wilson, R.P., 2005. Trends and perspectives in animal-attached re-

Flexible and practical modeling of animal telemetry data: hidden Markov models and
extensions. Ecology 93, 2336–2342.

Lunn, D.C.J., Nest, N., Thomas, A., Spiegelhalter, 2013. The BUGS Book: A Practical

Introduction to Bayesian analysis. CRC Press, Boca Raton, Florida.

Martin, P., Bateson, P., 2001. Measuring Behaviour: An Introductory Guide, 2nd ed.

Cambridge University Presss, Cambridge, UK.

Martiskainen, P., Järvinen, M., Skön, J.-P., Tiirikainen, J., Kolehmainen, M., Mononen, J.,

2009. Cow behaviour pattern recognition using a three-dimensional accelerometer
and support vector machines. Appl. Anim. Behav. Sci. 119, 32–38.

neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests,
and support vector machines, and demonstrated their applications in
the supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data.
Brewster et al. (2018) applied six other supervised classiﬁers to classify
the behaviors of lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) at Bimini, Ba-
hamas using ACC data. This study will brieﬂy describe two popular
machine learning algorithms random forests and support vector ma-
chines for the introductory purpose.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of any deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the specific link requested in the query.