Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

indices with the species richness). For the GEDI CHM Potapov30m the 
goodness of fit for each heterogeneity indices is lower than the ones of 
the GEDI CHM Lang10m, the correlations are positive (expect for the 
Simpson’s D and for Shannon’s H when the species diversity is assessed 
through the species richness) and significant only for the Rao’s Q and CV 
indices.

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

The  field-based  diversity  indices  and  the  heterogeneity  measures 
used to assess the HH are other important factors that influenced our 
outcomes. Regarding the field data, our results did not show particular 
differences  between  the  two  used  indices  (Shannon’s  H  and  species 
richness) reaching similar levels of correlation with the HH assessed by 
the same heterogeneity index. This aspect is still widely debated in the 
studies where the variability of remotely sensing data is used to estimate 
biodiversity (e.g. for the SVH). Different studies (Marzialetti et al., 2021; 
Rocchini  et  al.,  2004)  have  shown  that  species  richness  (number  of 
species  per  plot)  is  more  strongly  and  sensitively  correlated  with  the 
variability of the remote sensing data than the Shannon’s H index, which 
considers  both  abundance  and  number  of  species.  In  contrast,  other 
studies have shown that the indices that embeds both the abundance and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, the model was trained on a diverse dataset consisting of Sentinel-2 optical images from different locations, specifically 30 forest plots in the northern Italian Alps and 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein, Germany. This helped to expose the model to various environmental conditions and landscapes, improving its ability to generalize well to unseen data. Secondly, a cross-validation analysis was performed using all 130 plots. Cross-validation is a technique used to evaluate machine learning models by partitioning the original sample into a training set and a validation set. By repeating this process multiple times, it provides a robust assessment of how well the model will perform on new, unseen data. Lastly, forest density information was incorporated as an influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Including relevant features like forest density helps improve the model's performance and ensures that it can accurately predict outcomes across varying forest densities. These combined efforts aimed to create a reliable and accurate deep learning model capable of estimating tree species diversity based on high-resolution CHMs derived from Sentinel-2 imagery.