Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

IV. EXPERIMENTAL SETTINGS
To extract the relevant features of birds, we randomly split
the endemic bird data into 3,132 images for training and
760 images for testing. To allow the deep networks to con-
verge and improve the ability of the model to generalize
adeptly, we augmented the training dataset 10 times, resulting
in a total of 31,320 images. Then, 25,056 (80%) images were
used for training and 6,264 (20%) were used for validation.
The Inception-ResNet-v2 model was trained using the mini-
batch gradient descent algorithm with the batch size set to
32 and the learning rate maintained at 0.0001. The Adam
optimizer was used to ﬁne-tune the model with the following
parameters:

• Exponential decay rate of ﬁrst-moment estimation

of 0.9.

FIGURE 4. Flowchart for model validation.

• Train the Inception-ResNet-v2 architecture on data aug-

mented from original images.

• Test the validation dataset and determine the misclassi-

ﬁed images.

• Randomly interchange the same amount of misclassiﬁed
validation images with the training images and retrain
the model again.

• Repeat this process until the classiﬁer adapts to the

speciﬁc target task.

• Fit the model to evaluate the test set.
In this way, the algorithm can tune itself and improve the
generalizability of spatial features to the previously unseen
domains present in the image.

102976

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

acquired while learning the 27 endemic bird species should be
used to solve related tasks pertaining to the 29 endemic bird
species. Otherwise, considerable time would be spent every
time a new dataset of birds is used. Therefore, to implement
the entire process, we adopted a deep-learning-based model
(Inception-ResNet-v2) to train and learn the features of 27
endemic bird species (source domain). Then, the learned fea-
tures were transferred to a second target network to train the
newly added dataset on endemic bird species (target domain).
Thus, the problem was deﬁned as follows: for a given source
domain DS and learning task LT and target domain DT
and learning task TL, the transfer learning technique helps
improve the learning of the target predictive function fT (·)
in DT using the knowledge acquired from DS and LT , where
DS (cid:54)= DT or LT (cid:54)= TL [25], [26]. Transfer learning method
enables to utilize knowledge from previously learned tasks

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model used in the pipeline is called Inception-ResNet-v2. This model is a variant of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), which are widely used for image recognition tasks due to their ability to automatically and adaptively learn spatial hierarchies of features. Inception-ResNet-v2 combines two popular architectures, namely Google's Inception and Microsoft's Residual Network (ResNet), to create a more powerful and efficient model. It uses residual connections within the Inception modules to help alleviate the vanishing gradient problem during training, allowing for deeper networks without sacrificing performance.