Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Development of a non-invasive method for species and sex identification of 
rare forest carnivores using footprint identification technology 

Jody M. Tucker a, b,*, Caleb King c, Ryan Lekivetz c, Remi Murdoch a, Zoe C. Jewell c,d, Sky 
K. Alibhai c,d 
a USDA Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station, 800 East Beckwith Avenue, Missoula, MT 59801, United States of America 
b USDA Forest Service, Pacific Southwest Region, 1323 Club Drive, Vallejo, CA 94592, United States of America 
c JMP Statistical Discovery LLC, SAS Campus Drive, Cary, NC 27513, United States of America 
d Nicholas School of the Environment, Duke University, Box 90329, Durham, NC 27708, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Footprint 
Track 
Fisher 
Marten 
Wildlife biometrics 
Non-invasive

Alibhai  et  al.,  2023)  further  simplifies  the  approach,  increasing  effi-
ciency in the FIT process by requiring fewer landmark points, and also 
making it easier to employ on tracks of varying quality that may lack 
edge definition.

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

outliers and removed from the dataset for subsequent analyses.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not mention any specific data repository links related to a deep learning pipeline or any other relevant details regarding this topic. Therefore, based on the provided context, it is not possible to determine the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline.