Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

data collection and curation phases.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023848L. Ciampi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 5. Influence of patch size and threshold on best approaches. We present the outcomes concerning MAE, GAME, and MARE metrics for the top-performing 
methodologies, namely Det-FRCNN and Det-FCOS while changing the patch size and the threshold on the generated confidence score. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023849L. Ciampi et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A deep learning-based pipeline for whitefly pest abundance estimation on 
chromotropic sticky traps 

Luca Ciampi a, *, Valeria Zeni b, Luca Incrocci b, Angelo Canale b, Giovanni Benelli b, 
Fabrizio Falchi a, Giuseppe Amato a, Stefano Chessa c 
a Institute of Information Science and Technologies of the National Research Council of Italy (ISTI-CNR), Pisa, Italy 
b Department of Agriculture, Food and Environment of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy 
c Department of Computer Science of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Smart agriculture 
Smart farming 
Integrated pest management 
Computer vision 
Object counting 
Visual counting

training step  and  a test  split  with the  remaining eight images  for the 
model evaluation phase. Finally, it is worth noting that, even if we an-
notated only the pests belonging to the class “whitefly”, other insects 
were accidentally stucked in the traps, which represents an additional 
challenge  -  deep  learning  models  should  not  count  the  latter  insect 
species. Specifically, we found insects belonging to different orders, such 
as  Lepidoptera,  Hymenoptera,  and  Diptera  (about  21,  7,  and  113, 
respectively);  furthermore,  among  hemipterans  we  also  found  insects 
belonging to families of Psyllidae, Aphidae, and Miridae (about 4, 14, 
and  22,  respectively).  Besides, about  80% of  the  images contain  con-
taminants,  such  as  dust,  fluff,  or  leaves,  accidentally  glued  over  the 
sticky traps. Some samples of bycatches insects and contaminants can be 
found in Fig. 1 and Fig. 4.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide explicit information regarding how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether techniques like grid search or random search were used for this purpose.