Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0) 4,  and  steep  value  of  1.3e

4). 

(cid:0)

4.3.3. Model evaluation 

In this section, the results of the deep learning model developed are 
presented. The model was trained to make day-ahead predictions of the 
three pollutants, but first, an appropriate evaluation metric had to be 
selected.  The  top  metrics  for  regression  problems  are  mean  squared 
error/root  mean  squared  error  (MSE/RMSE),  mean  absolute  error 

Fig. 12. A plot showing the model's training and validation losses against the 
number of epochs. It is worth noting that there was a gradual decrease in both 
losses  as  the  training  epochs  increased  which  indicates  that  the  model  was 
learning. Further training beyond 20,000 epochs would have either resulted in 
overfitting or no further drop in both losses.

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

Finally, this study set out to develop and evaluate a baseline deep 
learning  model  to  make  hourly  predictions  of  PM2.5,  PM10  and  NO2 
concentration levels. The problem is modelled as a structured data with 
additional features added to extend a typical time-series problem. This 
method allows us to explore entity embeddings for the categorical fea-
tures. The performance of the baseline  model on  individual pollutant 
concentration is good, thereby suggesting that this approach of model-
ling is practicable. An improved forecasting model is directly applicable 
to highways where air quality sensing devices are not available but data 
on other features such as traffic flow and weather are captured. These 
models can then be used as a substitute to estimate the air quality on 
these  highways.  The  scalability  test  performed  on  the  REVIS  system 
indicated it was able to scale up its resources according to the compu-

Suitable optimisers, loss functions and activation functions had to be 
selected from an array of available options. Series of experimentation 
were  carried  out  on  popular  optimisation  functions  such  as  SGD, 
RMSProp,  LAMB,  LARS  and  Adam  and  regression  loss  functions  like 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160911T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 10. Auto-SQL generation to pre-process the dataset. An SQL command which generates 3-hour and 6-hour pollutant averages from the preceding readings 
is depicted. 

Fig.  11. The  model's  training  loss  against  the  learning  rate  to  determine  the 
appropriate learning rate. The learning rate was fixed at the point where the 
(cid:0)
plot started dipping (i.e., 10

4).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is to make day-ahead predictions of three pollutants - PM2.5, PM10, and NO2 concentration levels. The problem is modeled as a structured data with additional features added to extend a typical time-series problem. This method allows exploring entity embeddings for the categorical features. The performance of the baseline model on individual pollutant concentration is good, indicating that this modeling approach is practical. An improved forecasting model could be applied to highways where air quality sensing devices are unavailable, but data on other features such as traffic flow and weather are captured. These models can serve as substitutes to estimate the air quality on those highways.