Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine-learning aiding sustainable Indian Ocean tuna purse seine fishery 

Nerea Goikoetxea a, *, Izaro Goienetxea b, Jose A. Fernandes-Salvador a, Nicolas Go˜ni c, 
Igor Granado b, I˜naki Quincoces a, Leire Ibaibarriaga a, Jon Ruiz a, Hilario Murua d, 
Ainhoa Caballero b 
a AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Txatxarramendi Ugartea z/g, 48395 Sukarrieta, Spain 
b AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Herrera kaia, Portualdea z/g, 20110 Pasaia, Spain 
c LUKE, Natural Resources Institute Finland, It¨ainen Pitk¨akatu 4A, FI-20520 Turku, Finland 
d International Sustainable Seafood Foundation, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, United States   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Aria, M., Cuccurullo, C., Gnasso, A., 2021. A comparison among interpretative proposals 

for Random Forests. Machine Learn. Appl. 6, 100094. 

Arostegui, M.C., Gaube, P., Woodworth-Jefcoats, P.A., Kobayashi, D.R., Braun, C.D., 

2022. Anticyclonic eddies aggregate pelagic predators in a subtropical gyre. Nat 609 
(7927), 535–540. 

Arregui, I., Go˜ni, N., Chifflet, M., 2019. Migration patterns of yellowfin, skipjack and 
bigeye tunas in the tropical Atlantic, based on recent tagging and recapture data. 
Collect. Vol. Sci. Pap. ICCAT 76 (6), 903–950. 

Arrizabalaga, H., Dufour, F., Kell, L., Merino, G., Ibaibarriaga, L., Chust, G., Irigoien, X., 
Santiago, J., Murua, H., Fraile, I., Chifflet, M., Goikoetxea, N., Sagarminaga, Y., 
Aumont, O., Bopp, L., Herrera, M., Fromentin, J.M., Bonhomeau, S., 2015. Global 
habitat preferences of commercially valuable tuna. Deep-Sea Res. II Top. Stud. 
Oceanogr. 113, 102–112. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsr2.2014.07.001.

A pipeline has been created to build supervised classification models 
for each of the species considered in this work (i.e. SKJ, YFT, BET and 
FAL). A diagram of the building process of the models is shown in Fig. 1. 
Different  languages  (Python,  R)  and  the  graphical  interface  of  Weka 
have  been  used  for  different  parts  of  the  process.  The  resulting  inde-
pendent  models  will  be  able  to  predict  probabilities  of  encountering 
each species, based on the environmental conditions of the study area. 
The  first  step  of  the  process  is  to  merge  the  catch  data  with  the 
environmental data described in Section 2.2. To do so, the values of each 
environmental variable in the positions of the entries of the catch data 
have been extracted. Since the resolution of the catch data is higher than 
the resolution of the environmental data, for each position of the catch 
dataset,  the  nearest  environmental  data  available  is  considered.  As

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Sustainable fishing 
Bycatch 
Machine-learning 
Tropical tuna 
Fisheries oceanography 
Species distribution models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The given context does not mention any specific repositories such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository can be found.