Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

‖PS (cid:0) Pi‖ < ri =

50
√ × di.
̅̅̅
v

(12) 

In Eq. (12), PS  is an arbitrary sample point, whilst Pi is the location of 
sample tree i (see Fig. 1). The expression ‖PS (cid:0) Pi‖ denotes the Euclidean 
distance between points PS  and Pi. The individual inclusion zone radius 
of tree i is ri  and depends on basal area factor v and on the tree’s stem 
diameter di. The basal area factor defines the sample size at each sample 
point, i.e. more trees are included with smaller values of v than with 
larger ones (Bitterlich, 1984). We ran independent simulations for v = 1,
1.5, 2, 2.5, …, 5.

plot and the data of the 2017 survey were used.

Fig. 3. Relative root mean square error (rRMSE, Eq. 13) of the diversity indices of Table 1 over sample size, i.e. the mean number of sample trees per relascope 
sample plot in the Hirschlacke forest. Black – inventory estimator (Eq. 7), red – NN1 estimator (Eq. 9), blue – NN2 estimator (Eq. 8), orange – NN3 estimator (Eq. 10), 
green – NN4 estimator (Eq. 11). The upper index in round brackets indicates the number of nearest neighbours, k, used to estimate the corresponding diversity index. 
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

4. Discussion and conclusions 

estimated in the same surveys are not.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the completion criteria for training, such as a validation loss plateau. However, generally speaking, common criteria used to determine when training is complete include reaching a minimum threshold for accuracy or performance metrics, observing no significant improvement in validation loss or accuracy over several epochs, or meeting a predefined maximum number of iterations or epochs. These criteria can vary depending on the specific problem, model architecture, and available resources.