Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The result of this process was added to the dataset as a new cate-
gorical binary variable that stored the existence of stratification or not 
(took the value of 0 when the reservoir was not stratified and 1 when it 
was stratified). 

2.5.3. Forecasting ML models 

A classification model was designed in order to detect if there existed 

Table 1 
Initial hyperparameters space.  

Initial hyperparameters space 

Hyperparameters 

Values 

Layers 

Number of neurons of the dense layer 
Dropout rate of the dropout layer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 

1 dense layer, 1 dense layer +1 dropout 
layer 
32, 64 
0.2, 0.4 
(cid:0) 3, 10
10
32, 64  

(cid:0) 4

Data-driven models are an alternative type of models, among which 
machine learning and deep learning (ML and DL) models stand out in 
recent years. According to Lee et al. (2023) data-driven models applied 
to freshwater ecosystems have been mainly focused on phytoplankton, 
while there is a lack of research in modelling future changes, such as 
climate change and subsequent changes in habitat conditions. A good 
example of a data-driven model focused on algal blooms prediction is 
that  presented  by  Miura  et  al.  (2023).  Nonetheless,  there  are  several 
examples in the scientific literature about ML or DL models designed to 
predict the temperature profile in water masses. Liu and Chen (2012) 
developed ML models based on Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) using 
as inputs meteorological conditions to predict the temperature in the 3 

Fig. 1. Map of the study site. Made with QGIS, data by OpenStreetMap.

An  unsupervised  ML  model  was  implemented  to  assist  in  deter-
mining the threshold of the thermal gradient to consider if the reservoir 
is stratified or not. Then, two supervised DL models were designed in 
order to forecast the stratification status of the reservoir, as well as the 
depth of the thermocline in case it was stratified. 

This approach is aligned with the Open Science paradigm, which has 
seen a significant boost in recent years especially in the context of Open 
Data. Much effort is being put into providing useful data, which in most 
cases is under-utilised. New ways of using this data need to be developed 
to accelerate research and stimulate innovation and this is precisely an 
aspect  to  stress  in  this  work:  the  use  of  open  data  sources  that  are 
common  and  easy  to  obtain  for  the  design  of  models  capable  of 
providing useful information. 

2. Methods 

2.1. Study site

loss curves during the training. As optimizer, the Adam algorithm was 
used, which is a stochastic gradient descent method. Then, one of the 
hyperparameters was modified iteratively following the direction that

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details regarding the techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, common methods include stratified splitting, where the dataset is divided into subsets ensuring each subset maintains the same proportions of class labels; oversampling, which involves duplicating examples from the minority class; undersampling, which reduces examples from the majority class; and diverse data collection, which aims to gather more representative samples. These techniques help mitigate imbalanced datasets and improve overall performance of machine learning algorithms.