Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source software platform (Abadi et al. 2016) 
that supports deep learning research and applications, having been 
released  by  researchers  at  Google  (Google  Brain  Team;  https://re-
search.google.com/teams/brain/).  We  adapted  and  configured 
TensorFlow  for  application  and  use  in  our  project  via  Python. We 
adjusted  two  parameters  from  their  default  values:  validation  per-
centage and number of training steps. Although the default setting 
for validation percentage was 10%, given small numbers of images 
available for some species, we had to increase this number to 16%. 
For number of training steps, although the default value was 4000 
steps,  we  explored  different  numbers  and  compared  the  results  to 
find  the  optimum  balance  between  computing  time  and  classifica-
tion efficiency.

Key words: Chagas disease, TensorFlow, deep learning, Triatominae, automated species identification

the best of our knowledge, this is the first study using TensorFlow 
to  identify  triatomines.  To  take  advantage  of  deep  learning 
algorithms  and  to  improve  identification  rates  at  the  species  level, 
we would ideally have access to many more images for each species. 
We are working along several lines to build such photographic re-
sources, but clearly small sample sizes will be a continuing challenge 
in this work. A second major challenge, a consequence of the first, 
was the model validation method. We would have been happier with 
our results if we had enough images for each species to follow k-fold 
cross validation approaches (Kohavi 1995), instead of leave-one-out 
approaches to evaluate our model, as the former offer greater inde-
pendence between calibration data and evaluation data sets.

deep learning? Cell Syst. 2: 12–14.

Ramsey, J. M., M. Elizondo-Cano, G. Sanchez-González, A. Peña-Nieves, and 
A. Figueroa-Lara. 2014. Opportunity cost for early treatment of Chagas 
disease in Mexico. Plos Negl. Trop. Dis. 8: e2776.

Ramsey,  J.  M.,  A.  T.  Peterson,  O.  Carmona-Castro,  D.  A.  Moo-Llanes,  Y. 
Nakazawa, M. Butrick, E. Tun-Ku, K. d. la Cruz-Félix, and C. N. Ibarra-
Cerdeña.  2015.  Atlas  of  Mexican  Triatominae  (Reduviidae:  Hemiptera) 
and  vector  transmission  of  Chagas  disease.  Mem.  Inst.  Oswaldo  Cruz. 
110: 339–352.

Schmidhuber, J. 2015. Deep learning in neural networks: an overview. Neural 

Netw. 61: 85–117.

Schofield, C. J., J. Jannin, and R. Salvatella. 2006. The future of Chagas disease 

control. Trends Parasitol. 22: 583–588.

Coura, J. R., and P. A. Viñas. 2010. Chagas disease: a new worldwide chal-

Sinkins, S. P., and F. Gould. 2006. Gene drive systems for insect disease vectors. 

lenge. Nature. 465: S6–S7.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the specific code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in the project. Therefore, I cannot provide the exact link to the code repository. However, it is mentioned that TensorFlow, which is an open-source software platform, was used and adapted for the project through Python. You can find TensorFlow's official code repository on GitHub here: <https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow>.