Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

task needs to be further evaluated.

Ortmann and Johnson, 2021). Secondly, dataset noise is another factor 
that  affects  the  algorithm’s  performance  in  identifying  specific  bird 
species.  This  noise  can  arise  for  a  number  of  reasons,  for  example, 
vandalism, animal damage, loss of power or extreme weather. According 
to Foster (2008), we believe that it is common and may be difficult to 
avoid. In complex environments, environmental clutter and ambiguities 
may affect the bird detection dataset, resulting in a noisy dataset. These 
conditions  make  it  difficult  for  the  algorithm  to  accurately  learn  the 
features of a particular bird species during training, thus affecting its 
detection and recognition capabilities.

Table 4 
The metric area is divided into three distinct ranges: 
APs, APm, and APl, which correspond to varying pixel 
sizes of the bird instance and denote average preci-
sion for small, medium, large size target.  

Metric 

APs 
APm 
APl 

Area (pixel size) 

Area < 322 
322 < Area < 962 
Area > 962  

choice for object detection on the proposed dataset.

In summary, the Cascade RCNN model achieved the best recognition 
of most bird species. Other models obtained higher recognition accuracy 
for  six  species,  namely,  Cyanopica  cyanus,  Dryocopus  martius,  Poecile 
montanus, Picus canus, Turdus fuscater, and Streptopelia orientalis. How-
ever, the recognition accuracy of Poecile montanus was unsatisfactory, 
and this species was also an important source of error for overall wild 
bird  recognition  by  the  model.  Therefore,  different  models  will 
demonstrate different capabilities for different bird species. 

3.3. Benchmarking results during the training stage 

To  evaluate  the  applicability  of  various  methods  in  wild  bird 
recognition,  we  compared  the  performance  of  models  with  the  same 
schedule during their training stages (Fig. 4).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized, such as through grid search or random search.