Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for both methods are manually tuned to maximise the evaluation metrics

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Automatic noise reduction of extremely sparse vocalisations for 
bioacoustic monitoring 

Ben McEwen a,b,*, Kaspar Soltero b, Stefanie Gutschmidt b, Andrew Bainbridge-Smith a, 
James Atlas a, Richard Green a 
a Computer Science and Software Engineering, University of Canterbury, 20 Kirkwood Ave, Christchurch 8140, New Zealand 
b Mechanical Engineering, University of Canterbury, 20 Kirkwood Ave, Christchurch 8140, New Zealand   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Audio enhancement 
Bioacoustics 
Noise reduction 
Perceptual quality 
Signal processing

be  established  (Xie  et  al.,  2021).  Deep  noise  reduction  methods 
(Defossez et al., 2020) often use a U-net architecture which consists of an 
encoder and decoder section. The encoder produces a compressed latent 
space representation. The decoder then uses this latent space to recon-
struct the denoised waveform. Recently, transformer attention mecha-
nisms have also been applied with great success (Cao et al., 2022; Luo 
and  Mesgarani,  2019;  Luo  and  Mesgarani,  2023;  Zhang  et  al.,  2022; 
Zhao et al., 2022). As most deep-noise reduction methods focus on NLP 
applications, models are optimized for bandwidths ranging from 16 to 
22  kHz.  Bioacoustics  applications  commonly  exceed  this  bandwidth. 
Additionally, the sparsity of vocalisations in this application and many 
other  bioacoustics  applications  makes  the  development  of  large-scale 
datasets  infeasible  (Stowell,  2021).  These  factors  limit  the  success  of

4.1.3. Efficiency 

Operating  bandwidth  is  an  efficiency  consideration.  The  relative 
computation time for spectral subtraction and WPD for each bandwidth 
is displayed in Fig. 3. For reference, the computation time of CMGAN is 
displayed but is constant as model inputs must be downsampled. 

Fig. 2. Noise reduction comparison of WPD. Fig. 2a original signal, Fig. 2b and 
spectral subtraction Fig. 2c for high frequency features. 

Fig.  3. Average  computation  time  of  each  noise  reduction  method  at  band-
widths ranging from 16 to 250 kHz, CMGAN has a constant computation time 
due to constrained input sample rate. 

5. Discussion 

5.1. Noise reduction

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that both methods used in the study are manually tuned to maximize the evaluation metrics. This suggests that some form of manual or iterative optimization process was employed, such as grid search or random search, although the specific method is not mentioned.