Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the internal validation used the performance obtained by classifying 20% of the images from the
training dataset (while 80% was used in the training phase). Second, external validation was carried
out independently of the training dataset.

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 343

5 of 15

Table 1. Five datasets created considering continuous or discrete training strategy for the forest
classes and with or without the “Non-Forest” class. In the continuous strategy, the forest classes were:
Open Forest with tree cover 10–40%, Closed Forest with tree cover 41–65%, and Dense Forest with
tree cover 66–100%. In the discrete strategy, the forest classes were: Open Forest with tree cover 15%,
Closed Forest with tree cover 55%, and Dense Forest with tree cover 95%). Number of samples (plots)
used to train the CNN-based models (third column). See Table S1 in Supplementary Material for more
information about the images used in the classes.

CNN-Based
Model type

Continuous

Discrete

Continuous

Discrete

Continuous

Tree Cover Classes

Number of Samples

Total Samples (n)

Tree cover 10–40%
Tree cover 41–65%
Tree cover 66–100%

Tree cover 15%
Tree cover 55%
Tree cover 95%

Non-Forest
Tree cover 10–40%
Tree cover 41–65%
Tree cover 66–100%

(1) Database construction phase: ﬁve training datasets were built with examples of images with
diﬀerent levels of tree cover, continuous and discrete approximations, and inclusion of auxiliary
class “Non-Forest” (see Section 2.2 and Supplementary Material, Archive S2).

(2) Training phase: training ﬁve CNN models based on Inception v.3 using two optimization

techniques, transfer learning, and data augmentation (see Section 2.3).

(3) Classiﬁcation phase: classiﬁcation of new 396 images with diﬀerent tree cover in global drylands
(see Supplementary Material, Table S1 and Archive S3) with the built CNN-based model (see
Section 2.4).

(4) Validation phase: assessment of performance on the new images (see Section 2.5).

2.2. Datasets Design

Before building the training datasets for the CNN-based models, we compiled a global database

of very high resolution satellite and aerial RGB images from two sources:

•

•

than 50%, the prediction was considered as Uncertain. (4) Validation phase, 4a) 80% of images were
used to train the model, and the other 20% of images were dedicated for the internal validation and (4b)
the external validation was based on the 396 new images taken from FAO’s plots and independently
tagged by the authors. The performance assessment of the tree cover classiﬁcations was based on
Precision, Recall, and F1-measure.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit information regarding the specific criteria used to determine when training is completed. However, it mentions that the internal validation used the performance obtained by classifying 20% of the images from the training dataset while 80% was used in the training phase. This suggests that the training process might have been stopped once the desired level of performance was achieved during this internal validation step. Additionally, the use of transfer learning and data augmentation techniques could also influence the decision on when to stop training. Unfortunately, there is no clear indication of whether validation loss plateau or any other specific criterion was employed to decide when the training should be concluded.