Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

as the loss function, and the Adam optimization algorithm is used to update the weights of the neural network. Because there are different numbers of samples of the five types of LU suitability samples in the training data, with a ratio of 7:14:1:5:7, there is an imbalance in the categorical data. In the training process, a relatively large weight is generated for the categories that have fewer samples, and a small weight is generated for the categories that have more samples, which solves the problem of the performance of the model being poor for the categories that have small sample sizes.   Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

as the loss function, and the Adam optimization algorithm is used to update the weights of the neural network. Because there are different numbers of samples of the five types of LU suitability samples in the training data, with a ratio of 7:14:1:5:7, there is an imbalance in the categorical data. In the training process, a relatively large weight is generated for the categories that have fewer samples, and a small weight is generated for the categories that have more samples, which solves the problem of the performance of the model being poor for the categories that have small sample sizes.   Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

The data of a certain year are used as the test set, and the remaining data are the training and
validation set. The training and validation set ia divided into ten parts using the 10-fold cross-validation
method, in which nine of the parts are used as a training set and one is used for the validation set.
The percentage of the training, validation, and testing sets is 5.4:0.6:1. The training set is the data
sample used for model ﬁtting. The validation set is a set of samples set aside separately during the
model training. It can be used to adjust the hyperparameters of the model and to conduct a preliminary
evaluation of the model’s capabilities. The testing set is used to evaluate the generalization ability of
the ﬁnal model. However, it cannot be used as a basis for algorithm-related selection such as parameter
tuning and selection of features. The mean value of the ten results is used to estimate the accuracy of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the specific metric(s) used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model are not explicitly mentioned. However, some clues suggest that accuracy might be one of the metrics used. For instance, the text mentions that the mean value of the ten results from the 10-fold cross-validation method is used to estimate the accuracy of the model. This implies that accuracy could be one of the evaluation metrics. Nevertheless, without explicit information about other potential metrics like precision or recall, we cannot definitively state what metrics were used to assess the model's performance.