Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

and DL models to detect different types of disease symptoms in cotton. 
Rumpf et al. (2010) have utilized ML and DL models for early diagnosis 
and classification of diseases in sugar beet based on spectral plant in-
dexes using a Support Vector Machine (SVM). EfficientNet deep learning 
architecture is reported to be more accurate than DL models for preci-
sion  for  plant  disease  classification  (Atila  et  al.,  2021).  Furthermore, 
ANN  techniques  and  regression  models  have  recently  been  used  to 
predict the bark thickness of ash (Fraxinus excelsior) plants and hypericin 
content  in  Hypericum  perforatum  with  80%  accuracy  (Mosaffaei  and 
Jahani, 2021; Saffariha et al., 2021). Saleem et al. (2021) have devel-
oped an insect pest prediction system (IPPS) using the Internet of Things

Previously,  Mosaffaei  and  Jahani  (2021)  have  been  successful  in 
predicting the bark thickness of ash (Fraxinus excelsior) in urban forests 
using 10 ecological variables through ANN and regression models with 
61.6 and 83% accuracy. Shang and Zhu (2021) have also proposed a 
prediction  model  that  combines  the  genetic  algorithm  and  machine 
learning algorithms- ANN - to forecast the occurrence of insect pests. 
Similarly,  Saffariha  et  al.  (2021)  observed  that  for  the  prediction  of 
hypericin  in  Hypericum  perforatum,  the  ANN  technique  -  multi-layer 
perceptron  (MLP)  had  an  advantage  over  radial  basis  function  (RBF) 
and support vector machine (SVM) in varied ecological and phenolog-
ical conditions of habitat with 87, 80 and 54% accuracy, respectively. 
Hence, we too used the ANN techniques and growing degree days (GDD) 
data (temperature as the most important ecological variable) to reduce

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. However, it mentions that the study employs machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) and deep learning (artificial neural network) models to forecast the percent disease incidence of CLCuD. It can be inferred that the deep learning model used here might be an Artificial Neural Network (ANN), specifically a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP). While the exact hyperparameters are not mentioned, common hyperparameters for MLP include learning rate, number of hidden layers, number of neurons in each layer, activation functions, weight initialization method, batch size, epochs, and optimizers like Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, or RMSprop.