Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Within the ﬁeld of computer vision, there has been a broad shift
away from user-designed features toward approaches that learn fea-
tures from data using neural networks (Agarwal et al., 2018). There
have been few attempts to use learned features in tree detection (Dai
et al., 2018) due to the need for large amounts of labeled training data,
which is often diﬃcult or impossible to collect in ecological contexts.
Overall, generalization of deep learning algorithms across applications
in airborne remote sensing remains a challenging task (Zhu et al.,
2017). A typical neural network has millions of parameters and is
therefore at risk of overﬁtting when using the small datasets usually
available for training. Given the diversity of trees, ﬁnding general
features will require a combination of large training datasets and al-
gorithmic approaches that allow the neural networks to learn the
combination of features that characterize trees across forest types.

Collecting a suﬃcient number of training samples will often be a
bottleneck in developing supervised methods in airborne imagery. It is
therefore useful to test the number of local training samples needed to
achieve maximum performance. We performed a sensitivity study by
training models using diﬀerent proportions of training data. We se-
lected 5%, 25%, 50% and 75% of the total hand-annotations to com-
pare to the full dataset for the within-site results for each site. We reran
this experiment ﬁve times to account for the random subsampling of
annotations. In addition, we ran the evaluation plots for the pretraining
model only (i.e. 0% hand-annotated data) to assess whether the addi-
tion of hand-annotated data improved the within-site pretraining.

3. Results

20%. Given that the sites were selected to be as diﬀerent as possible,
and encompass a range of tree canopy conditions, this result under-
scores the ability of convolutional neural networks to learn ﬂexible
deep features. We expect that as more sites are included, the universal
model will continue to improve. This means that a way forward is to
combine pretraining from as many sites as possible. Given that each
NEON site has millions of trees, and there are dozens of sites with trees
collected annually, there is a possibility of pretraining on continental
scale. Because NEON sites are intended to represent all of the major
biogeographic regions in the United States, this broad scale pre-training
(in combination with existing local training data) has the potential to
reduce the need for new local training data by giving the model the
potential to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees (at
least those within the United States).

Tree crown detection is a fundamental task in remote sensing for forestry and ecosystem ecology. While many
individual tree segmentation algorithms have been proposed, the development and testing of these algorithms is
typically site speciﬁc, with few methods evaluated against data from multiple forest types simultaneously. This
makes it diﬃcult to determine the generalization of proposed approaches, and limits tree detection at broad
scales. Using data from the National Ecological Observatory Network, we extend a recently developed deep
learning approach to include data from a range of forest types to determine whether information from one forest
can be used for tree detection in other forests, and explore the potential for building a universal tree detection
algorithm. We ﬁnd that the deep learning approach works well for overstory tree detection across forest con-
ditions. Performance was best in open oak woodlands and worst in alpine forests. When models were ﬁt to one

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given text is not explicitly stated; however, based on the context, it appears to be primarily focused on tree detection. More specifically, the goal seems to be creating a universal tree detection algorithm capable of accurately identifying trees across various forest types. This is supported by statements such as "finding general features will require...algorithmic approaches that allow the neural networks to learn the combination of features that characterize trees across forest types" and "We find that the deep learning approach works well for overstory tree detection across forest conditions." Therefore, while the exact type of deep learning model isn't specified, its primary function appears to be object detection, specifically aimed at detecting tree crowns in remote sensing images.