Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Pommerening, 2023), as structural complexity is an important objec-
tive  of  this  type  of  forest  management.  Compared  to  variance,  the 
contribution of bias to the values of rRMSE is rather small. This is where 
the  NN3  and  NN4  estimators  can  help,  since  they  are  effective  in 
reducing the overall index variation. They have performed well with all 
diversity indices other than distance and the aggregation index. In this 
context, it is particularly interesting that the NN4 estimator, which is 
based  on  the  weights  of  both  sample  trees  and  of  the  neighbours  of 
sample trees, has performed best with most diversity indices other than 
distance  and  aggregation  index.  Given  the  general  aim  to  reduce  the 
index variance, this finding seems to suggest that the information pro-
vided by sample-tree neighbours complements that of the sample trees 
and is with most indices more important than spatial edge-bias concerns

NN1  and  NN2  estimators  (Pommerening  and  Stoyan,  2006)  are 
generally associated with a low bias, although they were not originally 
designed for relascope sampling. Our results suggest that they can be 
considered safe options, since they are edge-correction methods that are 
more firmly based on statistical theory. Therefore, for indices directly 
related to distances, according to our results the NN2 estimator should 
be used. Unfortunately both NN1 and NN2 estimators have the disad-
vantage  that  they  exclude  the  diversity  index  values  of  some  sample 
trees. Since the number of sample trees per sample point if often small, 
such  exclusions  increase  the  index  variance  and  thus  the  rRMSE  in 
relascope-based  forest  inventories.  Our  simulation  results  highlighted 
that  the  variance  between  sample  plots  constitutes  the  largest  contri-
bution to sampling errors. This variance is likely to increase in forests 
similar  concepts 
managed

Fig. 5. Relative root mean square error (rRMSE, Eq. 13, A) and relative Bias (rBias, Eq. 14, B) of the diversity indices of Table 1 (only the first neighbour of sample 
trees could be considered) in the Kammer large-scale forest inventory from 2006. Black –  inventory estimator (Eq. 7), red –  NN1 estimator (Eq. 9), blue –  NN2 
estimator (Eq. 8), orange – NN3 estimator (Eq. 10), green – NN4 estimator (Eq. 11). The vertical lines lead to the lowest and to the rRMSE or rBias values of the 
(cid:0) 1 and the mean number of sample trees per sample point was 7.8. (For interpretation of the references to 
inventory estimator. The basal area factor was v = 4 m2 ha
colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

Fig. 3. Relative root mean square error (rRMSE, Eq. 13) of the diversity indices of Table 1 over sample size, i.e. the mean number of sample trees per relascope 
sample plot in the Hirschlacke forest. Black – inventory estimator (Eq. 7), red – NN1 estimator (Eq. 9), blue – NN2 estimator (Eq. 8), orange – NN3 estimator (Eq. 10), 
green – NN4 estimator (Eq. 11). The upper index in round brackets indicates the number of nearest neighbours, k, used to estimate the corresponding diversity index. 
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

4. Discussion and conclusions 

estimated in the same surveys are not.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide any direct information about the use of a deep learning model or any specific measures taken to ensure its generalizability. However, we can infer that the study involves data analysis and modeling related to forest management, specifically focusing on reducing the index variance using different estimators such as NN1, NN2, NN3, and NN4.

In terms of ensuring the generalizability of models, common practices include using diverse datasets, cross-validation, and stratified splitting. While these techniques are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context, one can assume that similar strategies might have been employed during the development and evaluation of their models. For instance, the authors may have used multiple datasets from various forest types or regions to train and validate their models, thereby increasing their applicability across different scenarios. Additionally, they might have utilized cross-validation or stratified splitting techniques to assess the performance and robustness of their models.

However, without further details regarding the methodology or specific steps taken to develop and evaluate the models, it is impossible to definitively state whether these measures were implemented.