Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As  the  third  approach  for  SPAD  value  modelling  based  on  the 
Rasp2SPAD indices, an artificial neural network was implemented. The 
same predictors as in the previously described LM and GLM were uti-
lized. All predictors were scaled prior to analysis. The ANN  was con-
structed empirically, with the first layer containing two input nodes (one 
per each of the two parameters that were found to be the most suitable 
by LM and GLM) and the last layer containing only one node (predicted 
SPAD value). As the fit of the ANN does not give the same output for 
each run  (because of a random number generator used for numerical 
optimization of the model), 100 successful runs were performed, and the 
model residuals obtained in each run were analysed for a more reliable 
evaluation of the model performance.

To achieve the utmost accuracy, a test was completed by engaging 
the artificial ANN. Only Cb and Cr were used as the input variables since 
they were considered the most sensitive variables during the two pre-
ceding testing stages. Thus, the simple ANN was fitted with two inputs 
and one output, as the addition of any hidden layers returned less ac-
curacy of the prediction on the test data due to overfitting. The results 
were  considered  comparable  in  terms  of  accuracy  as  the  previous 
methods. The mean deviance of the model response from SPAD value 
measurements  was  1.904  (95%  CI:  1.89–1.92),  while  the  best  “run” 
showed a mean deviation of 1.70 (max. 2.22, 95% CI, one-sided t-test). 
All three modelling approaches could be incorporated in the source 
code at this stage to provide the SPAD value estimate for the following 
rapeseed measurements. However, LM was concluded to be the simplest 
method with a high level of accuracy. A complex overview of the plant

value gained by SPAD-502Plus (Fig. 6). Furthermore, modelling of the 
SPAD  value  was  performed  by  a)  a  simple  linear  model  (LM),  b)  a 
generalized linear model with a gamma distribution (GLM), and c) an 
artificial neural network (ANN). The dataset contained 89 valid records 
(outliers were removed according to the empirical rule), while one re-
cord represented the mean value of the total 10 spot measurements on 
one  leaf.  For  the  purpose  of  SPAD  value  modelling,  the  dataset  was 
divided  into  a  “training  dataset”  containing  60  randomly  selected  re-
cords and a “testing dataset” that contained the remaining 29 records. 
All three models were then fitted using the “training dataset” and further 
validated using the “testing dataset”.

lutions for medical (Kanani and Padole, 2020; Yildiz and Boyraz, 2019),

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text mentions that the dataset is divided into a "training dataset" and a "testing dataset". This division is done for the purpose of SPAD value modeling. Specifically, the "training dataset" contains 60 randomly selected records, while the "remaining 29 records" form the "testing dataset". It can be inferred that the division of the dataset into these subsets is done randomly, without any specific criteria mentioned in the given text. However, it should be noted that in general, when splitting datasets for machine learning or deep learning purposes, there are several common strategies. One such strategy is to use a fixed percentage of the data for training (e.g., 70%) and the rest for testing (e.g., 30%). Another strategy is to use a fixed number of samples for training and testing. In some cases, a separate validation set may also be created to tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. However, the specific criteria used for splitting the data will depend on the particular problem and dataset being studied.