Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

increase the accuracy of estimating habitat selection. In addition to the

state of the art accuracy of classiﬁcations. Campbell et al. (2013) found
that the classiﬁcation accuracy of support vector machines was > 95%
if the training data were collected from the surrogate individuals of the
same species, and was still > 90% if the training data were collected
from the surrogate individuals of a diﬀerent species with similar spine-
ground height and body length. The excellent classiﬁcation perfor-
mance using the ACC training data collected from captive surrogate
individuals makes support vector machines and other supervised
learning algorithms a promising tool for automated interpretation of
ﬁeld ACC data on free-living animals (Campbell et al., 2013; Nathan
et al., 2012). However, it is worth noting that the classiﬁcation accu-
racy using the training data from captive surrogates may depend on the
discernibility of behavoral modes and ACC sampling frequency. More
discernible or distinguishable behavioral modes may have greater

Thorson, J.T., Haltuch, M.A., 2018. Spatio-temporal analysis of compositional data: in-
creased precision and improved workﬂow using model-based inputs to stock assess-
ment. Can. J. Fish. Aquat. Sci (In press).

Turner, B.M., Van Zandt, T., 2012. A tutorial on approximate Bayesian computation. J.

Math. Psychol. 56, 69–85.

Viterbi, A., 1967. Error bounds for convolutional codes and an asymptotically optimum

decoding algorithm. IEEE Trans. Inf. Theory 13, 260–269.

Murphy, K.P., 2012. Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective. The MIT Press,

Wang, G.M., 2009. Signal extraction from long-term ecological data using Bayesian and

Cambridge, MA, USA.

Nathan, R., 2008. An emerging movement ecology paradigm. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S.

A. 105, 19050–19051.

Nathan, R., Getz, W.M., Revilla, E., Holyoak, M., Kadmon, R., Saltz, D., Smouse, P.E.,

2008. A movement ecology paradigm for unifying organismal movement research.
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 105, 19052–19059.

classiﬁcation accuracy (Campbell et al., 2013).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete. However, based on general machine learning practices, some common criteria include observing a plateau in the validation loss, reaching a predefined number of epochs, or achieving a desired level of performance on a separate validation dataset. It's important to note that these criteria can vary depending on the specific problem, model architecture, and available resources.