Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Deep learning-based air pollution analysis on carbon monoxide in Taiwan

4.3. Analysis of forecasting results 

In this study, an SGRU-based deep learning approach was adopted to 
develop  a  model  for  accurately  predicting  (over  36  months)  the

Eng. 82, 35–45. 

Kavitha, C., Gadekallu, T.R., Kavin, B.P., Lai, W.-C., 2023. Filter-based ensemble feature 
selection and deep learning model for intrusion detection in cloud computing. 
Electronics 12, 556. 

Kumar, U., Jain, V., 2010. ARIMA forecasting of ambient air pollutants (O 3, NO, NO 2 

and CO). Stoch. Env. Res. Risk A. 24, 751–760. 

Lawin, H., Ayi Fanou, L., Hinson, V., Wanjiku, J., Ukwaja, N.K., Gordon, S.B., Fayomi, B., 

Balmes, J.R., Houngbegnon, P., Avokpaho, E., 2017. Exhaled carbon monoxide: a 
non-invasive biomarker of short-term exposure to outdoor air pollution. BMC Public 
Health 17, 1–5. 

Singh, S.K., Tiwari, A.K., Paliwal, H., 2023. A state-of-the-art review on the utilization of 
machine learning in nanofluids, solar energy generation, and the prognosis of solar 
power. Eng. Anal. Bound. Elem. 155, 62–86.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Air pollution 
Carbon Monoxide (CO) 
Deep learning 
Seasonal gated recurrent unit (SGRU)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability or location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline used in the research is not explicitly mentioned within the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the data repository is located based solely on the provided information. It would require further investigation or additional resources to find out about the specific data repository used in this case.