Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4.4. System structure 

We endeavored to design the model structure as simple as possible to 
ensure its usability on devices with limited computing power and enable 
real-time predictions, as long as the performance was not significantly 
reduced. Our aim was to create a model that balances performance and 
efficiency.  The  selected  system's  structure  consists  of  an  input  layer, 
three LSTM hidden layers, one dropout layer, and one dense layer. In the 
case of binary classification, a dense layer with a single output is used, 
and σ is employed as the activation function. For tasks involving more 
than two classes, the dense layer has multiple outputs and the softmax 
function is used as the activation function. The overall structure of the 
model is depicted in Fig. 5.

Comput. Sci. Mob. Comput. 2 (6), 233–238. 

Cho, K., van Merri¨enboer, B., Gulcehre, C., Bahdanau, D., Bougares, F., Schwenk, H., 
Bengio, Y., 2014. Learning phrase representations using RNN encoder–decoder for 
statistical machine translation. In: Proceedings of the 2014 Conference on Empirical 
Methods in Natural Language Processing, pp. 1724–1734. https://doi.org/10.3115/ 
v1/D14-1179. 

Choi, Y., Jeon, W., Kang, S.H., Lee, S.H., Chon, T.S., 2012. Characterizing temporal 

patterns in the swimming activity of Caenorhabditis elegans. J. Korean Phys. Soc. 60, 
1840–1844. https://doi.org/10.3938/jkps.60.1840. 

Concepcion, R., Guillermo, M., Tanner, S.E., Fonseca, V., Duarte, B., 2023. BivalveNet: a 
hybrid deep neural network for common cockle (Cerastoderma edule) geographical 
traceability based on shell image analysis. Ecol. Inform. 78, 102344 https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102344. 

Dehghani, A., Moazam, H.M.Z.H., Mortazavizadeh, F., Ranjbar, V., Mirzaei, M.,

This paper proposes a water quality monitoring system based on a 
deep learning model, specifically the Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) 
model (Hochreiter and Schmidhuber, 1997), with the aim of improving 
the  performance  of  existing  monitoring  systems  using  the  swimming 
behavior of C. elegans as an early warning indicator. The LSTM model is 
a representative deep learning model used for learning and predicting 
time-series  data,  such  as  streamflow  forecasting  or  water  pollution 
detection in the field of ecological informatics (Dehghani et al., 2023; 
Guo et al., 2023; Zhang et al., 2023). In contrast to previous studies that 
focused on only one specific pollutant, this research used formaldehyde 
and  benzene,  representative  environmental  pollutants,  each  at  a  con-
centration of 0.1 mg/L. The system's input utilized features representing 
the swimming behavior of nematodes recorded by a CCD camera and 
expressed as Branch Length Similarity (BLS) entropy.

The features used as input vectors of the learning significantly impact 
the performance of machine learning-based systems. The limited set of 
patterns used as features in the paper is what the HMM requires, not 
specific characteristics, as needed for LSTM. Using a finite number of 
patterns  has  the  advantage  of  facilitating  the  analysis  of  C.  elegans 
response behavior using statistical analysis or metrics like Levenshtein 
distance  (Kang  et  al.,  2012).  However,  this  clustering  step  inevitably 
leads to information loss, which may result in performance degradation 
of water quality assessment methods. Conversely, the proposed LSTM- 
based method can directly use the BLS profile without clustering, and 
it can be expected to achieve relatively higher accuracy because it uses a 
larger  feature  domain.  Additionally,  computational  measures  such  as 
BLS entropy have limitations in capturing important information found

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide explicit information about the specific framework(s) used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was used.