Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024087R.K. Singh et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024083R.K. Singh et al.

Fig. 5. Model predicted vs observed AGB (a) Random Forest, (b) Artificial Neural Network, (c) Support vector machine of Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2.

2018;  Do  et  al.,  2022;  Nik  Effendi  et  al.,  2021).  Algorithms  for  AGB 
estimation can be broadly categorised as parametric and non-parametric 
(Kumar  and  Mutanga,  2017).  Parametric  algorithms  rely  on  explicit 
model  structures  that  use  predefined  parameters.  They  often  involve 
establishing  regression  equations  between  dependent  variables  (e.g. 
AGB  from  field  inventories)  and  independent  variables  (e.g.  remote 
sensing data). However, parametric approaches may struggle to capture 
accurately capture the intricate relationships between AGB and remote- 
sensed data accurately capture the intricate relationships between AGB 
and remote-sensed data. In contrast, non-parametric algorithms, such as 
Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN), Random 
Forest  (RF),  Maximum  Entropy  (MaxEnt)  algorithms,  and  Support 
Vector Machines (SVM), do not require predefined parameters and tend

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning models mentioned in the study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud were utilized based solely on this context.