Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

2.1. Bug-picture database

2.3. Algorithm training and testing 

We trained all algorithms on a random subset of 5256 pictures (80% 

of  the  6570-picture  dataset).  To  gauge  performance  consistency,  the 
training-testing  process  was  repeated  10  times  for  each  algorithm;  in 
each of these (pseudo-)replicate runs, all five algorithms used the same 
training and testing picture subsets.

database into training (80%) and testing sets (20%), and then trained and tested a convolutional neural network 
(AlexNet,  AN);  three  boosting-based  classifiers  (AdaBoost,  AB;  Gradient  Boosting,  GB;  and  Histogram-based 
Gradient Boosting, HB); and a linear discriminant model (LD). We assessed identification accuracy and speci-
ficity with logit-binomial generalized linear mixed models fit in a Bayesian framework. Differences in perfor-
mance across algorithms were mainly driven by AN’s essentially perfect accuracy and specificity, irrespective of 
picture angle or bug position. HB predicted accuracies ranged from ~0.987 (Panstrongylus, dorsal-oblique) to 
>0.999  (Triatoma,  dorsal-flat).  AB  accuracy  was  poor  for  Rhodnius  (~0.224–0.282)  and  Panstrongylus 
(~0.664–0.729), but high for Triatoma (~0.988–0.991). For Panstrongylus, LD and GB had predicted accuracies

Automated identification of Chagas disease vectors has the potential 
to strengthen entomological surveillance systems – which are currently 
weak, and overall getting weaker, across Latin America. To realize such 
potential fully, automated identification algorithms should be capable of 
working accurately with pictures of uneven, possibly low quality/reso-
lution taken with ordinary cellphone cameras. Our results suggest that 
convolutional  neural  networks  may  indeed  have  that  capacity,  and, 
hence, that human expertise and artificial intelligence could team up to 
provide  fast,  reliable  taxonomic  support  to  ‘extended’  (or  ‘hybrid’), 
participatory  surveillance  systems  with  broad  geographic-ecological 
scope. However, not all triatomine bug species have the same public- 
health relevance, so future research should focus on combining mixed- 
quality  pictures and pre-trained neural networks to identify adult tri-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The method utilized for collecting raw data in this deep learning pipeline is a bug-picture database. This database consists of pictures of bugs, specifically those belonging to the family Reduviidae, subfamily Triatominae, also known as triatomines or kissing bugs. These insects are important because they transmit Trypanosoma cruzi, the parasite responsible for causing Chagas disease. The database contains 6570 pictures, which were divided into a training set (80%) and a testing set (20%). All algorithms were trained on the training set, while their performance was evaluated using the testing set. This process was repeated ten times for each algorithm to ensure consistency in performance. The algorithms used include a convolutional neural network (AlexNet), three boosting-based classifiers (AdaBoost, Gradient Boosting, and Histogram-based Gradient Boosting), and a linear discriminant model.