Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1.3. Predicted intensity maps 

Figs.  3  to  6  show  the  predicted  intensity  maps  with  80%  hidden 
observations for the different combinations of lasso regularization and 
bias correction. The results for 20% and 50% hidden observations are 
shown in Appendix A.1.2. The following intensity prediction maps do 
not  display  all  methods  tested  previously.  We  focus  on  the  best  per-
forming methods across the performance measures (knn, LoopT) as well

Fig. 2 shows predictive performance as measured by sumNIMSE for 
Test 1 for the best-performing methods across the combinations of lasso 
penalty  and  bias  correction  use.  The  LoopT  method  performs  consis-
tently  better  than  all  other  methods,  while  the  knn  method  shows  a 
comparable  level  of  performance  with  the  use  of  the  lasso  penalty. 
Meanwhile,  LoopA  performs  poorly  without  lasso  regularization  but 
moderately  well  with  it.  LoopE  also  shows  improvements  with  lasso 
regularization, competing with the best performing methods at all per-
centages of hidden observations. Among the Mixture methods, only knn 
performed well, reaching LoopT’s performance even at 80% of hidden 
observations with lasso  regularization. Adding lasso  differentiates the 
best  performers  (knn,  LoopT,  LoopE,  indiv)  and  worse  performing 
methods.  In  particular,  the  CoinF,  random  and  kmeans  methods  dis-

3.1.1. Relabelling performance measure 

Fig.  1  shows  the  performance  in  classification  as  measured  by 
meanRSS for Test 1 for the best-performing methods across the combi-
nations  of  lasso  penalty  and  bias  correction  use.  The  relative  perfor-
mances of the methods in relabelling are similar regardless of the use of 
a  lasso  penalty or  bias  correction  for  a  low  percentage  of  hidden  ob-
servations.  Indeed,  we  note  that  methods  like  LoopT  and  knn  are 
competitive with the individual method. However, we can emphasize 
that adding the lasso regularization results in better performances—i.e. 
lower meanRSS—especially at 80% of hidden observations for the badly 
performing  methods  (kmeans,  random,  CoinF,  LoopA  and  LoopE) 
(Fig. 1). Adding bias correction does not change the performance of the

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1021554indivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8no lasso no bias correctionmeanRSSindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8indivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8no lasso bias correctionmeanRSSindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8indivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8lasso no bias correctionmeanRSSindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8indivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8lasso

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, etc. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the given context.