Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A related research question in ecology and biogeography is how to 
predict the potential natural vegetation (PNV). PNV is the expected state 
of mature vegetation, given a particular set of environmental constraints 
in the absence of human intervention (Chiarucci et al., 2010). At first, 
PNV models were constructed based only on expert knowledge, whereas 
nowadays, various statistical techniques and machine learning methods 
are more widely employed (Hemsing and Bryn, 2012). In Hengl et al. 
(2018), authors evaluate different machine learning methods, such as 
neural  networks,  random  forests,  gradient  boosting,  and  k-nearest 
neighbours,  for  PNV  mapping  in  a  classification  setting.  The  latter 
example  describes  global  PNV  mapping.  However,  most  PNV  studies 
focus on specific areas or regions (Raja et al., 2019; Vaca et al., 2011; 
Hemsing and Bryn, 2012). 

1.2. Why the task is difficult

Various other terms have been used to describe weakly supervised 
learning tasks in the literature (Table 1). Weak labels (Sun et al., 2010) 
or  partial labels (Xie  and  Huang, 2018)  are  mainly  considered  in  the 
context  of  binary  labels.  They  often  include  different  types  of  noise 
coming from the labeling process and data sources and lacks constraints. 
Distribution learning (Gao et al., 2017) entails the constraint that the 
outputs  must  sum  to  unity,  but  this  constraint  is  already  met  in  the 
training data, unlike in our structural incompleteness setting.

1. Introduction 

Target variables are usually fully labeled in the classical supervised 
machine learning setting. In real-world predictive tasks, however, labels 
are often scarce and/or noisy. Various definitions and terms are used in 
the  literature  to  describe  variants  of  noise  and  scarceness  of  labels 
(Allison, 2001; Xie and Huang, 2018; Nikoloski et al., 2021; Sun et al., 
2010; Gao et al., 2017; Alarc´on and Destercke, 2021; Van Engelen and 
Hoos, 2020), and each setting requires tailored approaches for exploit-
ing such target labels. In this study, we formulate a new computational 
setting for regression, where target labels are structurally incomplete. We 
computationally study this task via a case study in predictive modeling 
of global vegetation cover. 

1.1. The vegetation modelling task

1.  A feed-forward neural network. We chose a fixed architecture of a 
feed-forward neural network, of three layers. The first layer consists 
of 47 input neurons for each climatic feature. The hidden layer has 
40 neurons with sigmoid activation functions. The third layer con-
sists of 13 output neurons for each land cover type, with a softmax 
function, to satisfy the constraint of the outputs summing up to unity. 
The  neural  network is  trained with  Adam  optimizer  and  the  mean 
absolute error loss function using the Keras (Chollet, 2015) library. 
This loss function was chosen as it is more robust to outliers.  

2.  Multivariate random forests. The model is trained using the Scikit- 
learn (Pedregosa et al., 2011) library. We chose 50 trees in the forest, 
a  squared  error  function  for  measuring  the  quality  of  a  split  and 
unlimited tree depth.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, there is no explicit mention of a deep learning model being used in the pipeline. However, one of the methods mentioned for Potential Natural Vegetation (PNV) mapping is a feed-forward neural network. This type of neural network is not typically classified under the umbrella of deep learning models like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Instead, feed-forward neural networks are simpler architectures consisting of multiple layers through which information flows in one direction, from input to output. Therefore, while a neural network is indeed used in the described pipeline, it does not fall into any of the categories specified in the query (CNN, RNN, Transformer).