Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1.3. Predicted intensity maps 

Figs.  3  to  6  show  the  predicted  intensity  maps  with  80%  hidden 
observations for the different combinations of lasso regularization and 
bias correction. The results for 20% and 50% hidden observations are 
shown in Appendix A.1.2. The following intensity prediction maps do 
not  display  all  methods  tested  previously.  We  focus  on  the  best  per-
forming methods across the performance measures (knn, LoopT) as well

bias correctionsumNIMSE1e45e41e53e5indivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEhidden observations20%50%80%median performance individual methodE. Guilbault et al.

Loop  methods  but  the  Mixture  methods  perform  worse  in  meanRSS 
when lasso is not implemented. With a lasso penalty used, adding bias 
correction  does  not  greatly  change  the  meanRSS  performance  of  the 
Mixture methods. 

3.1.2. Predicted intensity performance measures

bias correctionmeanRSSindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopEindivknnkmeansrandomCFLoopALoopTLoopE0.20.40.60.8hidden observations20%50%80%median performance individual methodE. Guilbault et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotation, or scaling. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.

Based on the given context, it appears that the study focuses on predicting intensity maps using various methods such as knn, kmeans, randomCF, LoopA, LoopT, and LoopE. The authors also mention implementing lasso regularization and bias correction. However, there is no mention of any specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline.