Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Small, N., Munday, M., Durance, I., 2017. The challenge of valuing ecosystem services 
that have no material benefits. Glob. Environ. Chang. 44, 57–67. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.gloenvcha.2017.03.005. 

Smith, S., 2015. What’s the optimal length for a YouTube vs. Facebook video? https://t 

ubularinsights.com/optimal-video-length-youtube-facebook/. 

Statistics Bureau of Japan, 2022. Statistics of Japan. https://www.e-stat.go.jp/gis/statma 

p-search?page=1&type=1&toukeiCode=00200521 (Accessed Jul 1, 2022).  
Tachibana, K., Uchida, K., Aiba, M., Sasaki, T., 2021. National geographic distribution 

and number of TV nature programs across the Japanese archipelago. Ecol. Indic. 
121, 107054 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolind.2020.107054. 

The Ornithological Society of Japan, 2000. Catalog of Birds of Japan, rev. sixth ed. 

Ornithological Society of Japan, Obihiro.

On the official YouTube platform, we entered the keyword in Japa-
nese  “Yacho”  (wild  birds)  on  15  June  2022  and  sorted  the  videos 
uploaded from the start of the YouTube service to the present day (at the 
time) in the order of the number of views. We attempted to set other 
keywords, including “Tori” (birds) and “bird watching” (this word was 
entered in Japanese Katakana script), but we could not efficiently search 
the videos displaying birds from these keywords (Table S1). The videos 
returned from those keywords did not display wild birds but rather pet 
birds, such as parakeets, those displayed in music videos, and those that 
focused on bird-watching equipment, such as cameras and binoculars. 
Therefore,  we  decided  to  use  the  keyword  “Yacho”  and  extracted  the 
videos that had been viewed >100 times as of 15 June 2022 (n = 449). 
There were too many videos that had been viewed <100 times to extract

upload, thumbnail information in each video, the number of subscribers 
and number of uploaded videos on each channel, as well as the number 
and  presence/absence  of  wild  bird  species  in  each  video.  By  viewing 
videos that recorded wild birds’  singing, we accurately quantified the 
effects of the presence of specific species as well as species richness on 
the number of views. We then examined the relationship between the 
number of views in each video and important video factors selected by 
the machine learning algorithm.

Fig. 1. Importance of selected factors measured by Z 
score (blue boxes) explaining the number of views in 
each  video  by  using  a  wrapper  feature  selection  al-
gorithm working with random forest analysis. Factors 
that  have  a  significantly  higher  Z  score  than  the 
maximum  Z  score  among  shadow  factors  (shad-
owMax; indicated by a red box) were determined as 
important. Objects and text are categories of thumb-
nail  information  (with  a  value  of  0  or  1  in  each 
category).  Number  of  uploaded  videos,  length,  and 
days are; number of uploaded videos in each channel, 
length  (seconds)  of  each  video,  and  number  of  days 
since  uploading,  respectively.  (For  interpretation  of 
the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The provided sources do not directly discuss regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline, such as dropout or L2 regularization. However, they do mention the use of a machine learning algorithm called Random Forest Analysis in the study. While Random Forest is not a regularization method itself, it can help reduce overfitting due to its ensemble nature, combining multiple decision trees to create a more robust model. Regularization methods like dropout and L2 regularization are techniques specifically designed for neural networks, which are not mentioned in the given sources. Dropout involves randomly dropping out nodes during training to prevent complex co-adaptations, while L2 regularization adds a penalty term to the loss function to discourage large weights, thus reducing complexity and preventing overfitting.