Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Saha, T.K., Pal, S., Sarkar, R., 2021. Prediction of wetland area and depth using linear 
regression model and artificial neural network based cellular automata. Ecol. Inform. 
62, 101272. 

Saylam, K., Brown, R.A., Hupp, J.R., 2017. Assessment of depth and turbidity with 

airborne Lidar bathymetry and multiband satellite imagery in shallow water bodies 
of the alaskan north slope. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 58, 191–200. 

Stumpf, R.P., Holderied, K., Sinclair, M., 2003. Determination of water depth with high- 

resolution satellite imagery over variable bottom types. Limnol. Oceanogr. 48 (1, 
part 2), 547–556. 

Sun, M.X., Yu, L.J., Zhang, P., Sun, Q.Q., Jiao, X., Sun, D.F., Lun, F., 2021. Coastal water 
bathymetry for critical zone management using regression tree models from Gaofen- 
6 imagery. Ocean Coast. Manag. 204, 105522.

Advancements  in  bathymetry  retrieval  methods  have  led  to  the 
development  of  various  models,  including  linear  or  nonlinear  regres-
sion, logarithmic ratio transformation, and machine learning techniques 
such  as  CART,  RFR, and  SVM (Ashphaq et  al.,  2021; Cahalane et  al., 
2019; Lyzenga, 1978; Lyzenga et al., 2006). Gabr et al. (2020) utilized a 
linear model to estimate bathymetry and confirmed the equivalence of 
Landsat images to high-resolution PlanetScope (3 m) predictions. Sun 
et al. (2021) applied two regression tree models (CART and Cubist) to 
retrieve  coastal  bathymetry  and  analyze  vertical  water  environment 
information.  Zhang  et  al.  (2019)  employed  the  SVR  (support  vector 
regression) model to provide technical support for bathymetry data in 
Arctic waters. However, despite several studies, the application of CART 
and  RFR  models  in  nearshore  turbid  waters  for  bathymetry  has  been

2.2. Data sources and pre-processing 

We acquired GF-6 (WFV) data from the China Centre for Resources 
Satellite Data and Application (http://www.cresda.com/CN/) (Table 1). 
The  GF-6  remote  sensing  data  were  preprocessed,  mainly  including 
radiometric  calibration,  atmospheric  correction,  geometric  correction 
and image cropping.

by selecting features and thresholds that minimize the variance of the 
target  variable  within  each  subset.  This  iterative  process  employs  a 
greedy  algorithm,  gradually  building  the  tree  until  specific  stopping 
conditions  are  met.  The  key  components  of  CART  involve  feature  se-
lection, tree generation, and pruning. For our implementation, we uti-
lized the Python programming language to build the CART model. The 
CART algorithm was imported from the ‘sklearn’ library in Python. To 
optimize the regression decision tree for efficiency and suitability, we 
fine-tuned  specific  model  parameters  such  as  ‘max_depth’,  ‘min_sam-
ples_leaf’, and ‘max_leaf_nodes’. Ultimately, we set these parameters to 
8,  5,  and  20,  respectively.  These  parameter  values  were  selected  to 
prevent overfitting and minimize cross-validation error in our model. 

3.4. Random Forest regression (RFR) method

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the use of any data annotation techniques in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to this query.

However, it should be noted that data annotation techniques commonly used in deep learning pipelines include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, polygon annotation, landmark annotation, and more. Each technique serves a different purpose depending on the type of dataset being worked upon.

Bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangular boxes around objects in an image to identify their location. Semantic segmentation involves labeling every pixel in an image with its corresponding class, while instance segmentation involves identifying individual instances of objects in an image. Polygon annotation involves outlining complex shapes in an image, and landmark annotation involves marking specific points on an object in an image.

Again, without further context, it is not possible to determine which, if any, of these techniques were used in the study referenced in the given context.