Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

3.3. Automatic image processing using DL 

In this section we described the methodology we used to integrate DL 
models into our study. As this is the core technology of our automatic 
framework, we also provide detailed explanations on the metrics used to 
evaluate the results of the whole study. 

3.3.1.

Image classification using deep learning

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

1.  ResNet (He et al., 2016): The innovation of this approach supposed a 
breakthrough  for  convolutional  neural  networks  becoming  the 
winner of the ILSVRC challenge in 2015. By introducing the concept 
of residual connections between blocks, the arbitrary limit of stacked 
consecutive blocks caused by problems in the optimisation process 

was  lifted  and  these  connections  virtually  granted  researchers  the 
ability to have an infinite number of parameters and depth. In fact, 
residual  connections  have  become  a  staple  of  DL  and  are  still 
currently used in any modern architecture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine which specific framework was used to build the deep learning models mentioned in the text. The context only discusses the use of deep learning approaches and their application in solving certain tasks such as image classification, but does not mention any details about the implementation or development environment used to create these models. Therefore, without additional context, it cannot be determined whether frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or others were utilized.