Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

While building the RF model, the training samples were randomly 
divided  according  to  proportions  of  80%  and  20%  and  used  for  the 
training and test datasets, respectively. The parameters of the RF model, 
number of trees (n_estimators), minimum number of leaves (minleaf), and 
number of randomly selected node-split feature variables (max_features) 
significantly affected  the  accuracy and  complexity  of  the model.  This 
study used a grid search method (GridSearchCV) based on the out-of-bag 
(OOB)  error  and  five-fold  cross-validation  to  search  for  the  optimal 
parameters  of  the  model  (Chang  et  al.,  2023).  The  n_estimators  were 
spaced at 50 intervals, ranging from 100 to 1000. The minleaf is 2, 5, 10, 
20, and 50. The max_features were spaced at intervals of 1, ranging from 
1 to k where k is the number of characteristic variables. 

2.3.4. SCS + C terrain correction model

Breiman, L., 1996. Bagging predictors. Mach. Learn. 24, 123–140. 
Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 45, 5–32. 
Chang, X.Q., Xing, Y.Q., Gong, W.S., Yang, C., Guo, Z., Wang, D.J., Wang, J.Q., Yang, H., 
Xue, G., Yang, S.H., 2023. Evaluating gross primary productivity over 9 ChinaFlux 
sites based on random forest regression models, remote sensing, and eddy covariance 
data. Sci. Total Environ. 875, 162601. 

Chen, J.M., Black, T.A., 1992. Defining leaf area index for non-flat leaves. Plant Cell 

Environ. 15 (4), 421–429. 

Chen, L., Huang, J.F., Wang, X.Z., 2008. Estimating accuracies and sensitivity analysis of 
regression models fitted by simulated vegetation indices of different sensors to rice 
LAI. J. Remote Sens. (Chinese). 12 (1), 143–151.

2.3.3. Random Forest (RF) 

The RF model is a machine learning algorithm based on a classifi-
cation  tree  proposed by  Breiman  (1996, 2001)  that is  widely used  in 
regression and classification. The basic idea is to construct decision trees 
and combine them according to certain criteria to generate an RF model. 
The randomness of RF is due to the random selection of samples and 
characteristic variables. Compared to other black-box machine learning 
algorithms,  the  RF  regression  model  has  a  high  tolerance  for  noisy 
datasets,  is  straightforward  to  implement,  has  low  computational 
overhead,  is  highly  interpretable,  effectively  prevents  variable  collin-
earity, avoids model overfitting, and provides good prediction ability for 
high-dimensional datasets.

In addition, the estimated LAI was higher than the MODIS LAI in the 
low-value (LAI < 1) region and lower than the MODIS LAI in the high- 
value (LAI > 6) region. The main reason was the set of training sam-
ples that satisfied the filtering conditions; for example, there was a lack 
of low-value samples in the training samples of the LAI on 11 August 
2019 (Fig. 4), which resulted in a lack of training in that part of the RF 
model, and severe overestimations in the low-value LAI training, which 
was consistent with the experimental estimation results. 

4.3. Uncertainty analysis and future studies

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using a grid search method called GridSearchCV. This method is based on the out-of-bag (OOB) error and five-fold cross-validation. The specific hyperparameters mentioned in this context include the number of trees (n_estimators), minimum number of leaves (minleaf), and number of randomly selected node-split feature variables (max_features). The n_estimators are spaced at 50 intervals, ranging from 100 to 1000. The minleaf can be 2, 5, 10, 20, or 50. The max_features are spaced at intervals of 1, ranging from 1 to k where k is the number of characteristic variables.