Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

102976

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

102982

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

which constitute a large part of their diet. Thus, birds provide
regeneration and resilience to ecosystems to sustain their
biodiversity. Thus, it is essential to identify endemic birds
that are prone to invasion by ecologically similar species that
may eventually cause niche domination or the extirpation of
species already existing on the island.

A. ACCURACY COMPARISONS OF BENCHMARK
NETWORK MODELS
Several experiments were conducted to evaluate the accuracy
and practicability of the proposed method. For the quantita-
tive analysis of the models, we ﬁrst compared state-of-the-art
deep learning backbone models, such as Inception-ResNet-
v2 [27], Inception-v3 [28], Xception [32], ResNet101 [29],
and MobileNetV2 [33]. Fig. 5 lists the classiﬁcation accura-
cies achieved by the learning models.

Inception-ResNet-v2 was found to consistently outperform
the other existing learning networks by attaining 100% train-
ing accuracy, 97.47% validation accuracy, and 97.11% test
accuracy.

FIGURE 5. Comparison performance of various AI models.

acquired while learning the 27 endemic bird species should be
used to solve related tasks pertaining to the 29 endemic bird
species. Otherwise, considerable time would be spent every
time a new dataset of birds is used. Therefore, to implement
the entire process, we adopted a deep-learning-based model
(Inception-ResNet-v2) to train and learn the features of 27
endemic bird species (source domain). Then, the learned fea-
tures were transferred to a second target network to train the
newly added dataset on endemic bird species (target domain).
Thus, the problem was deﬁned as follows: for a given source
domain DS and learning task LT and target domain DT
and learning task TL, the transfer learning technique helps
improve the learning of the target predictive function fT (·)
in DT using the knowledge acquired from DS and LT , where
DS (cid:54)= DT or LT (cid:54)= TL [25], [26]. Transfer learning method
enables to utilize knowledge from previously learned tasks

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not mention which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. It only discusses the use of Inception-ResNet-v2 as the chosen model for training and learning the features of 27 endemic bird species.