Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

View related articles 

View Crossmark data

Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tjit20

JOURNAL OF INFORMATION AND TELECOMMUNICATION
2018, VOL. 2, NO. 4, 492–510
https://doi.org/10.1080/24751839.2018.1501542

Extreme deep learning in biosecurity: the case of machine
hearing for marine species identiﬁcation
Konstantinos Demertzisa, Lazaros S. Iliadisb and Vardis-Dimitris Anezakis

c

aSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus
University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; bSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of
Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; cDepartment of Forestry and
Management of the Environment and Natural Resources, Democritus University of Thrace, Orestiada, Greece

ARTICLE HISTORY
Received 30 November 2017
Accepted 14 July 2018

Before introducing our proposed algorithm, it would be essential to discuss the existing basic
theoretical framework. The question of whether a small Neural Network architecture can
learn a lot, even from huge training data sets, was answered in the aﬃrmative by ELM. An
ELM (Cambria & Guang-Bin, 2013) is a Single-Hidden Layer Feed Forward Neural Network
(SLFFNN) with N hidden neurons, randomly selected input weights and random values of
bias in the hidden layer, while the weights at its output are calculated with a single multipli-
cation of vector matrices. SLFFNNs are used in ELMs because of their ability to approach any
continuous function and to classify any discontinuous areas. An ELM can accurately learn N
samples, and its learning speed can be even thousands of times greater than the speed of
conventional Back Propagation Feed Forward Neural Networks (BP_FFNN).

a new deep neural network. Neurocomputing, 230, 374–381.
neucom.2016.12.027.

Zhang, D., Lee, D.-J., Zhang, M., Tippetts, B. J., & Lillywhite, K. D. (2016). Object recognition algorithm
for the automatic identiﬁcation and removal of invasive ﬁsh. Biosystems Engineering, 145, 65–75.
doi:10.1016/j.biosystemseng

Zhang, J., Yin, J., Zhang, Q., Shi, J., & Li, Y. (2017). Robust sound event classiﬁcation with bilinear multi-
column ELM-AE and two-stage ensemble learning. Eurasip Journal on Audio, Speech, and Music
Processing, (1). art. No. 11. doi:10.1186/s13636-017-0109-1

Zhao, Z., Zhang, S.-H., Xu, Z.-Y., Bellisario, K., Dai, N.-H., Omrani, H., & Pijanowski, B. C. (2017).
species classiﬁcation. Ecological

Automated bird acoustic event detection and robust
Informatics, 39, 99–108. doi:10.1016/j.ecoinf.2017.04.003

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide specific information about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, some common techniques used to handle data imbalance or bias include stratified sampling, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection.

Stratified sampling involves dividing the dataset into strata or subgroups and then drawing samples from each stratum to ensure that all groups are represented proportionately. This technique helps maintain the original distribution of classes in the dataset.

Oversampling is a method where synthetic examples are created from the minority class to balance the dataset. Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique (SMOTE) is one such popular oversampling technique.

Undersampling is another technique used to deal with imbalanced datasets. Here, instances from the majority class are removed until both classes are balanced. Random under-sampling and Tomek links are commonly used undersampling techniques.

Collecting diverse data is also crucial to avoid bias in the model. Ensuring diversity in the dataset can help improve the performance of the model and reduce overfitting.

These techniques can be applied individually or combined depending upon the nature of the dataset and the requirements of the project.