Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Pre- and post-validation of BirdNET-Analyzer

3.1. BirdNET performance for different species 

In this analysis we used the annotated calls of 23 species, recorded in 
the Agmon Hula Lake Park between November 2020 and August 2022. 
For each species, we randomly selected 200 segments of 1 s of vocali-
zation  each,  annotated  by  an  expert  birder.  The  recall  and  precision 
results of applying BirdNET-Analyzer to this dataset, which contained a 
total  of  4600  vocalizations,  are  summarized  in  Table  1.  The  average 
recall was 29.7% ± 3.9 SE, and the average precision was 80.9% ± 3.8 
SE. Although the recall is relatively low (above 30% only for 12 out of 23 
species),  for  most  species  the  precision  is  consistently  above  70% 
(Table 1), indicating reliable species detections for subsequent analysis. 
We used a fixed confidence threshold of 0.35 for all species (see P´erez- 
Granados, 2023), which is a good compromise between false positives 
and missed detections for the preliminary analysis.

January 2022, and the subsequent spring (e.g. March–May 2022) were 
all considered part of “Year B". All statistical analysis was performed in 
JMP  V16  (SAS  Inc).  The  filtering  was  not  carried  out  for  the  annual 
activity analysis and for the visualization. 

3. Results 

3.1. BirdNET performance for different species

Table 1 
BirdNET performance for several common species in Agmon Hula Lake Park, a 
fixed confidence score of 0.35 was employed.  

Common name 

Latin name 

Recall 

Precision 

Chiffchaff 
European goldfinch 
Rose-ringed parakeet 
European turtle dove 
Common crane 
European robin 
Mallard 
Common kestrel 
Eurasian collared dove 
Cetti's warbler 
White-throated kingfisher 
Black-crowned night heron 
Common moorhen 
European bee-eater 
Common blackbird 
Blackcap 
Spur-winged lapwing 
White spectacled bulbul 
Graceful prinia 
Pied kingfisher 
Grey heron 
Eurasian reed warbler 
Black francolin

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on how the hyperparameters of the BirdNET-Analyzer model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether techniques such as grid search or random search were used for optimization based solely on the provided text.