Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Pacific oysters 
Invasive species 
Convolutional neural networks 
Deep learning 
Drone 
Remote sensing 
Ecological management

As three of our models are based on the YOLO structure, we would 
expect the results to be relatively similar, and the results demonstrate 
the success on small training data quantities compared to larger model 
complexity. Intuitively, it would be expected that a smaller model can 
successfully learn from fewer data to represent less complex problems, 
whereas larger more complex models may require more data to repre-
sent more complexity within the object to detect. The results indicated 
that YOLOv5s, as the smallest model, performs best in terms of preci-
sion. The TPH-YOLOv5, which is an extension of the YOLOv5s model is a 
slightly more complex model, and further pre-training on RPAS specific 
imagery. The results indicated that detection of Pacific oysters does not 
demand  the  complexity  of  the  larger  YOLOv5m  model  and  using  the 
TPH-YOLOv5 model pre-trained with RPAS data, is not beneficial in this 
instance.

The  authors  recognize  several  other  limitations  that  could  be 
addressed in follow up projects. First, only two types of neural network 
architectures  were  used,  whereas  additional  benchmarking  could  be 
performed  with  other  types  of  ResNets,  DenseNets  and  transformer 
based models. Secondly, this study does not address the individual in-
sights from the trained models, and the pros and cons of architectures 
and hyperparameters in recognizing specific features of Pacific oysters 
across  mudflats  and  rocky  shore  imagery.  Thirdly,  ablations  studies 
should  be  performed,  showcasing  the  possibilities  for  reducing  the 
complexities of neural network layers and speeding up the computation 
times. And fourthly, if left unmanaged, Pacific oysters can create oyster 
reefs and very dense clusters where younger oysters grow on top of the 
older. In such cases, no gaps are found in the cluster and only the oysters

This resulted in a dataset consisting of 3643 tiles for the Scoble site 
(758 containing Pacific oysters, 2885 without Pacific oysters) and 7571 
tiles  for  the  Collapit  site  (879  containing  Pacific  oysters  and  6692 
without Pacific oysters). 

2.3. Validation and training datasets 

To create the training and validation datasets, the tiles containing 
Pacific oysters were split into 70% training, and 30% validation. Data 
augmentation  was  used  to  increase  the  size  of  the  training  dataset, 
through random variations and manipulations to the data. Augmenta-
tions  were  applied  in  a  random  order.  The  list  of  augmentations  is 
described in Table 1. 

The training data set had five augmented images created per original 
tile  to  create  an  additional  5735  tiles  split  between  the  two  sites. 

Table 1 
Data Augmentations applied to training data.  

Augmentation 

Flip 
Crop 
Contrast Shift 
Translation 
Rotation 

Minimum 

Maximum 

–

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, one technique used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline is data augmentation. This involves increasing the size of the training dataset through random variations and manipulations to the data. In this case, five augmented images were created per original tile to generate additional tiles for both sites. The augmentations applied included flipping, cropping, contrast shifting, translation, and rotation. However, the exact parameters or ranges for these augmentations are not specified in the provided context. It should also be noted that while data augmentation helps to reduce overfitting by providing the model with more varied examples, it doesn't directly address class imbalance, which is another form of data bias. Other techniques like stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection mentioned in the query are not explicitly discussed in the provided context. Therefore, their use in this particular study cannot be confirmed.