Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.4. Deployment view 

Fig. 24 shows the identified modules to the relevant hardware. The 
data  acquisition,  storage,  visualization,  and  processing  packages  are 
placed on the data management server. On the user side, the application 
systems are deployed and installed. Other nodes are the devices that act 
as data generators for the smart farming system. The deployment view 
presents zero or more servers and one or more clients. The standalone 
system  with  all  modules  on  the  client  side  is  deployed  if  there  is  no 

Fig. 21. Feature diagram of data security.  

4. Reference architecture design 

4.1. Selection of views

deployment view presents zero and more servers, meaning standalone, 
mobile, or web applications are covered in this design. Finally, sensors, 
intelligent machinery, and IoT devices are also deployed in the system. 

5.4.2. Case-2: fish farming 

5.4.2.1. Context  diagram. Fig.  30  shows  the  entities  involved  in  the 
farming  system.  Overall,  farmers,  researchers,  and 
smart  fish 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261317N.N.K. Krisnawijaya et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 28. The application decomposition view of smart dairy farming data management.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261316N.N.K. Krisnawijaya et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 27. Context diagram of smart dairy farming.  

timelines). 

5.4.1.3. Deployment  view. The architecture deployment view of smart 
dairy farming is presented in Fig. 29. The required modules discussed in 
the decomposition view are deployed to a central server. In addition, the 
sub-modules of the system are not shown in the deployment view. In this 
case study, a thin client (fewer modules installed) is chosen for the client 
side since all modules and data are located on the central server. The

Fig. 23. The reference decomposition view of smart farming data management.  

Fig. 24. Deployment view.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261313N.N.K. Krisnawijaya et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain any details about the process used to deploy a trained deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based on the given context.