Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source software platform (Abadi et al. 2016) 
that supports deep learning research and applications, having been 
released  by  researchers  at  Google  (Google  Brain  Team;  https://re-
search.google.com/teams/brain/).  We  adapted  and  configured 
TensorFlow  for  application  and  use  in  our  project  via  Python. We 
adjusted  two  parameters  from  their  default  values:  validation  per-
centage and number of training steps. Although the default setting 
for validation percentage was 10%, given small numbers of images 
available for some species, we had to increase this number to 16%. 
For number of training steps, although the default value was 4000 
steps,  we  explored  different  numbers  and  compared  the  results  to 
find  the  optimum  balance  between  computing  time  and  classifica-
tion efficiency.

l

u
s
e
r
o
n
0
8
S
e
p
e
m
b
e
r
2
0
2
4

t

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
high  capability  of  DNNs  has  resulted  in  widespread  use  of  these 
techniques in other such inference challenges (Schmidhuber 2015). 
DNNs have outperformed traditional methods (e.g., linear discrim-
inant  analyses)  in  various  classification  tasks  (Schmidhuber  2015). 
Here, we used TensorFlow (Abadi et al. 2016), an open-source soft-
ware  platform,  representing  the  most  recent  addition  to  the  deep 
learning  toolbox  (Rampasek  and  Goldenberg  2016;  Google  Brain 
Team;  https://research.google.com/teams/brain/),  to  explore  the 
challenge of automated Chagas disease vector identification.

A  crucial  advantage  of  using  TensorFlow  was  eliminating  the 
need for preprocessing images for our identification system. That is, 
we  compared TensorFlow  classification  performance  based  on  the 
cleaned  and  raw  images  for  the  Mexican  species,  which  were  the 
most challenging to our statistical classifiers (Gurgel-Gonçalves et al.

Vector-borne Chagas disease is endemic to the Americas and imposes significant economic and social burdens 
on public health. In a previous contribution, we presented an automated identification system that was able 
to discriminate among 12 Mexican and 39 Brazilian triatomine (Hemiptera: Reduviidae) species from digital 
images. To explore the same data more deeply using machine-learning approaches, hoping for improvements 
in classification, we employed TensorFlow, an open-source software platform for a deep learning algorithm. 
We trained the algorithm based on 405 images for Mexican triatomine species and 1,584 images for Brazilian 
triatomine  species.  Our  system  achieved  83.0  and  86.7%  correct  identification  rates  across  all  Mexican  and 
Brazilian  species,  respectively,  an  improvement  over  comparable  rates  from  statistical  classifiers  (80.3  and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly state what type of data format is being used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that the data format used is 'image', since the authors mention working with digital images for Mexican and Brazilian triatomine species. They also discuss comparing cleaned and raw images for the Mexican species. Therefore, it can be concluded that the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is 'image'.