Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Crowdsourcing biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers using 
Dive Reporter 

Matej Buzinkai a, *, Marko Radeta a,b,c, Claudio Rodrigues a, b, Francisco Silva a, b, 
Ruben Freitas a, b, Sahar Chebaane a, Paola Parretti a, Susanne Sch¨afer a, Rodrigo Silva a, 
Francesca Gizzi a, Silvia Almeida a, Sonia K.M. Gueroun a, Jo˜ao Canning-Clode a, d, Jo˜ao 
Gama Monteiro a, e 
a MARE – Marine and Environmental Sciences Centre / ARNET - Aquatic Research Network, Agˆencia Regional para o Desenvolvimento da Investigaç˜ao Tecnologia e 
Inovaç˜ao (ARDITI), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal 
b Wave Labs, Faculty of Exact Sciences and Engineering, University of Madeira, Portugal 
c Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
d Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, USA 
e Faculty of Life Sciences, Universidade da Madeira, Portugal

4. Discussion 

Citizen science is increasingly becoming an important tool that en-
ables cost-effective biodiversity monitoring and initiatives oriented at 
marine environments (Garcia-Soto et al., 2021; Kelly et al., 2020). In 
SCUBA oriented citizen science initiatives, a trade-off persists between 
two  approaches  to  data  collection:  opportunistic  reporting  allows 
simplicity and participation of recreational SCUBA divers, but is prone 
to  noisy  data,  while  systematic  surveys  with  standard  protocols  offer 
higher  data  quality,  but  often  create  barriers  to  participation.  In  this 
study,  we  tested  a  novel  approach  that  provides  elements  of  stand-
ardised data collection, while retaining a recreational SCUBA dive plan, 
by leveraging a mobile app with a custom species list to conduct post- 
dive interviews and compile data.

selected  number  of  taxa  (curated  by  local  scientists)  within  a  target 
geographic location (e.g., Madeira archipelago). This approach ensures 
systematic reporting on the occurrence and abundance of selected taxa 
within  multiple  dive  sites,  while  allowing  SCUBA  divers  to  follow  a 
recreational  dive  plan.  The  proposed  strategy  has  two  main  pre-
requisites:  (i)  the  presence  of  SCUBA  dive  operations  with  organised 
recreational diving, and (ii) local researchers interested in monitoring 
local dive sites that can curate the list of target taxa and manage data 
and outputs. Designed to engage SCUBA dive service providers directly, 
this  strategy  has  the  added  advantage  of  having  dive  instructors  and 
guides  as  “in  situ  validators”  which  can  significantly  enhance  data 
quality  (Goffredo  et  al.,  2010; Branchini  et  al., 2015;  Mangelli et  al., 
2021).

of standardisation, by focusing on the frequency and abundance of specific taxa, while retaining a recreational 
dive  plan.  Additionally,  the  app  also  collects  metadata  on  location,  number  of  dives  and  number  of  divers 
enabling normalisation based on “sampling effort”. In this pilot study, the use of the app was tested to compile 
information on the frequency and abundance of 18 marine taxa selected by local experts based on their con-
servation  status,  commercial  interest,  ecological  function  and/or  their  non-indigenous  origin.  Additionally,  a 
question-based survey was conducted to assess the opinion of users on the app’s usability and the potential value 
for the diving community/industry, showcasing a high usability score and interest among users. Basic statistical 
analysis of the data crowdsourced over the 1-month trial illustrates the potential and value of regional moni-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of any deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to your query.