Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Methodology 

3.1. Image processing 

GEE is a cloud-based geoprocessing platform. Considerable quanti-
ties of geospatial data are publicly available on GEE, including a mul-
tipetabyte  catalog  of  satellite  imagery,  such  as  Landsat  imagery. 
Consequently, GEE facilitates rapid data access and parallel processing 
for analysis (Gorelick et al., 2017; Kennedy et al., 2018). The present 
study  utilized  the  GEE  platform  to  retrieve  atmospherically  corrected 
United  States  Geological  Survey  Landsat  Surface  reflectance  products 

Table 1 
Remote sensing data used in this research.

In  the  early  stage  of  remote  sensing  image  classification,  most 
research  was  based  on  local  computers  or  servers  (Chen  et  al.,  2003; 
Coulston et al., 2016; Kolios and Stylios, 2013). Under these conditions, 
large-scale remote sensing image classification required high computer 
performance and long computation times (Ghorbanian et al., 2020). The 
GEE platform has facilitated long-term, large-scale land cover dynamic 
monitoring research in recent years (Liang et al., 2023; Shi et al., 2023), 
and the GEE cloud platform, with its superior storage and computing 
capabilities,  has  been  widely  used for  mangrove  extraction in  coastal 
zones (Chen et al., 2022a, 2022b; Jia et al., 2021), aquaculture ponds 
(Sun  et  al.,  2020), marsh  wetlands (Ning  et  al., 2022),  and  intertidal 
zones (Chen et al., 2022a, 2022b; Cheng et al., 2022). The GEE cloud 
platform  also  effectively  mitigates  the  problem  of  low  accuracy  in

(1)  The dataset of long-term images for the study area containing few 
clouds  was  constructed.  The  GEE  platform  was  used  to  select 
Landsat-5  Thematic  Mapper  (TM)  and  Landsat-8  Operational 
Land Imager (OLI) images from June to September in each typical 
year (1985, 1990, 1995, 2000, 2005, 2010, 2015, and 2020). The 
CloudScoreRange was then set to 5 and images meeting set con-
ditions were spliced to generate cloud-free images in each typical 
year for the study area.

significantly  improved  by  employing  the  powerful  background  pro-
cessing calculator associated with the Google cloud platform (Liu et al., 
2018;  Liu  et  al.,  2019).  Lombard  et  al.  (2023)  conducted  the  inter- 
annual  dynamical  monitoring  of  mangrove  zonation  in  West  Africa 
over the past 20 years using the GEE cloud platform. Jia et al. (2023) 
mapped  global  distribution  of  mangrove  forests  at  10-m  resolution 
based  on  GEE  cloud  platform.  In  addition,  GEE  typically  combined  a 
large  volume  of  data  to  avoid  the  biases  of  single-date  image-based 
mapping (C´ardenas et al., 2017). The processing and analysis of multi- 
scale  geographic  and  remote  sensing  data  based  on  the  GEE  cloud 
platform  is  therefore  anticipated  to  become  a  powerful  tool  for  geo- 
related research.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the Google Earth Engine (GEE) platform was used for retrieving atmospherically corrected United States Geological Survey Landsat Surface reflectance products. It also highlights the use of the GEE cloud platform for various applications, including mangrove extraction in coastal zones, aquaculture ponds, marsh wetlands, and intertidal zones. Furthermore, it discusses the advantages of the GEE cloud platform, such as superior storage and computing capabilities, and its ability to significantly improve accuracy by employing a powerful background processing calculator. Therefore, while it cannot be definitively stated without further information, there is evidence suggesting that the Google Cloud Platform may have been used to deploy the deep learning model.