Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

fessionals  and  field  crews  (Ferster  and  Coops,  2014;  Van  Horn  et  al., 
2018).

Drawing training and testing data from the same plot locations has 
the  potential  to  introduce  spatial  autocorrelation.  For  any  spatially 
referenced ecological data, nearby locations can be expected to be more 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016585H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 4. Transfer Learning methodology for training our network.  

acquired at the CK field site, which were not used in either the manual 
comparisons with field data or the deep convolutional neural network 
model  training.  Correlations  between  the  automatically  segmented 
photos and field measured data from the CK field site were undertaken 
with  the  same  methods  described  previously  for  the  manually 
segmented photos collected at the PM and CL field sites. 

3. Results

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information on the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I do not have enough information to provide a helpful response to this query.