Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the fact that the set of environmental variables is, respectively, ex-
clusively numerical, exclusively categorical or a mix of both variables.
The factor analysis allows the representation of the pixels within a
Euclidean, orthonormal space deﬁned from the whole set of environ-
mental variables.

The membership degree of a pixel j to the neighborhood of pixel i,

denoted wij, is deﬁned by a Gaussian-like membership function:

=w
ij

0.5^(

d D
/
ij min

)

2

(1)

where dij is the Euclidean distance between i and j in the factorial space,
and Dmin the threshold distance over which j does not signiﬁcantly
belong to the environmental neighborhood of
i.e., over which
wij < 0.5. The membership degree wij has the following properties:
(cid:129) wij ∈]0, 1];
(cid:129) wij = 1 if dij = 0;
(cid:129) wij < 0.5 if dij > Dmin

i,

the background set were implemented.

(1) The method initially proposed by Moua et al. (2017) (referred to as
BGenv hereafter) is based on the estimation of the sampling eﬀort
within the environmental space. The principle, the implementation
of which is detailed below, is as follow: the sampling eﬀort asso-
ciated with a given pixel i of the study area corresponds to the ratio
of the number of sampled pixels over the total number of pixels,
within the environmental neighborhood of i deﬁned by using a
Gaussian-like membership function.

Firstly, all pixels of the study area are represented in the environ-
mental variable space. This is accomplished by performing a Principal
Component Analysis (PCA), a Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA)
or a Factor Analysis of Mixed Data (FAMD) (Pages, 2004) depending on

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

Y. Moua, et al.

Ecological Informatics 57 (2020) 101086

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, it appears that the data format used in this case is related to pixels within an environmental space. Specifically, the text mentions representing pixels in an environmental variable space through methods such as Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA), or Factor Analysis of Mixed Data (FAMD). These methods suggest that the input data might be in a tabular format, possibly a CSV file containing numerical and categorical environmental variables. However, without explicit mention of the specific data format used for input into the deep learning pipeline, we cannot definitively state whether the data is in the form of images, audio, video, or another format.