Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

randomly  splitting  all  individual  observations.  This  data  splitting  ap-
proach is generally considered optimum in machine learning as it does 
not  introduce  any  systematic  differences  between  the  test  and  train 
datasets. To perform the RY data splitting, individual observations were 
grouped according to year of capture and years were randomly selected 
for inclusion in the train and test datasets. Although this may produce 
systematic  differences  between  the  test  and  train  datasets,  it  ensures 
that  the  model  is  tested  using  previously  unseen  combinations  of  ex-
planatory  variables  and  is  therefore  a  more  robust  test  of  model  per-
formance in this context.

2.4.2.  Hyperparameters 

Hyperparameter tuning was done manually. As a starting point the 
learning rate was set as low as possible and the number of iterations as 
high as computationally feasible (Hastie et al., 2009). The learning rate, 
which is also called a shrinkage parameter, determines the contribution 
of each tree to the model. The maximum tree depth which reflects the 
degree of interaction in the model is usually low. GBRT performs best 
using fairly shallow trees, so-called tree stumps.

between the response and explanatory variables is not specified, instead 
a learning algorithm is used to find patterns in the data. Due to these 
flexible properties, GBRT were selected as a suitable method for iden-
tifying  potential  drivers  of  changes  in  growth  across  the  two  herring 
populations.

Hastie, T., Tibshirani, R., Friedman, J., 2009. Elements of Statistical Learning. Springer. 
Heath, M., Scott, B., Bryant, A., 1997. Modelling the growth of herring from four different 

stocks in the North Sea. J. Sea Res. 38, 413–436. 

Neuheimer, A.B., Taggart, C.T., 2010. Can changes in length-at-age and maturation 

timing in Scotian shelf haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus) be explained by fishing? 
Can. J. Fish. Aquat. Sci. 67, 854–865. 

Neuheimer, A.B., Thresher, R.E., Lyle, J.M., Semmens, J.M., 2011. Tolerance limit for fish 

growth exceeded by warming waters. Nat. Clim. Chang. 1, 110–113. 

Nye, J.A., Link, J.S., Hare, J.A., Overholtz, W.J., 2009. Changing spatial distribution of 
fish stocks in relation to climate and population size on the Northeast United States 
continental shelf. Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser. 393, 11–129. 

Nye, J.A., Baker, M.R., Bell, R., Kenny, A., Kilbourne, K.H., Friedland, K.D., Martino, E.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text provides information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline through the use of Random Year (RY) data splitting. In this approach, individual observations are grouped according to the year of capture and then randomly selected for inclusion in either the training or testing dataset. This strategy helps prevent systematic differences between the test and train datasets, ensuring that the model is tested with previously unseen combinations of explanatory variables. By doing so, it becomes a more robust test of model performance in this context.

Additionally, hyperparameter tuning is performed manually to further optimize the model. The learning rate, also known as the shrinkage parameter, is set as low as possible, while the number of iterations is set as high as computationally feasible. These settings help determine the contribution of each tree to the model and maintain a low degree of interaction within the model. Gradient Boosting Regression Tree (GBRT), which works well with shallow trees, is chosen due to its flexible properties and ability to identify potential drivers of changes in growth across populations without specifying the relationship between the response and explanatory variables.