Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In the MLR model, annual maximum inundation areas were consid-
ered as the dependent variable, while annual lake inflow, precipitation,
PET, SPEI, and maximum inundation areas in the previous year were
treated as independent variables. In this study, the data were not divided
into training set and validation set because of short time sequences.
However, to make full use of the data and enhance the generalization
ability of the model, we used 5-fold cross-validation for model evalua-
tion. This method divided the dataset into five parts and each time used
one part as the test set and the remaining four parts as the training set to
repeat five times. Each validation used RMSE and R2 to evaluate model
performance.

2.6. Temporal downscaling of inundation areas

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Forecasting ecological water demand of an arid oasis under a drying
climate scenario based on deep learning methods

Xu-dong Wang a, Hao-jie Xu a,b,*, Yan-xia Pan c, Xue-mei Yang d
a State Key Laboratory of Herbage Improvement and Grassland Agro-ecosystems; Key Laboratory of Grassland Livestock Industry Innovation, Ministry of Agriculture and
Rural Affairs; Engineering Research Center of Grassland Industry, Ministry of Education; College of Pastoral Agriculture Science and Technology, Lanzhou University,
Lanzhou 730020, China
b Center for Remote Sensing of Ecological Environments in Cold and Arid Regions, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou 730000, China
c Northwest Institute of Eco-Environment and Resources, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou 730000, China
d Tourism School, Lanzhou University of Arts and Science, Lanzhou 730000, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

|N|!

[f(S ∪ i) (cid:0)

f(S) ]

(14)

Where Φi is the SHAP value of feature i. The larger the SHAP value,
the greater contribution of the feature to the prediction; S is the set of
features; (S ⊆ N\i)denotes the subset that excludes feature i; N is the set
of all features; f is the prediction function of the model; f(S) is the pre-
diction result of the model on the set of features S; |S| denotes the
number of elements in set S.

2.4. Scenario analysis of oasis NDVI

3.4. Drought conditions in the future

Future drought conditions under three SSP scenarios of various
climate models from 2023 to 2040 are shown in Fig. 9. For SSP119
scenario, the number of drought years (SPEI-12 < (cid:0) 0.5) in EC-Earth3,
GFDL-ESM4 and MRI-ESM2–0 climate models was 4, 4 and 6, respec-
tively. In SSP245 scenario, there were 7, 6 and 5 drought years for the
corresponding climate models. Under SSP585 scenario, the number of
drought years were 8, 6 and 4, respectively, for EC-Earth3, GFDL-ESM4
and MRI-ESM2–0 climate models. It was observed that moderate and
severe droughts ((cid:0) 2 < SPEI-12 < (cid:0) 1) became more frequent between

Fig. 5. Comparison of simulated and observed normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) presented as time series and scatter plots, respectively.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027218X.-d. Wang et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide explicit information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is completed in their machine learning model. However, it mentions using 5-fold cross-validation for model evaluation, which suggests they might have used some form of performance metric or error measure like Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) or coefficient of determination (R^2) to assess the model's performance during training. These metrics could be monitored over epochs or iterations to identify if the model has reached its optimal state or if the training should continue. Typically, training would stop when these metrics reach a satisfactory level or start showing no significant improvement with further training.