Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Cohen, N., Shashua, A., 2017. Inductive bias of Deep Convolutional Networks through
Pooling Geometry International Conference on Learning Representations, Toulon,
France.

Dagan, Y., 2006. Archaeological Survey of Israel, Map of Amazya (109) and Lakhish (98).

Israel Antiquities Authority. www.survey.antiquities.org.il/index_Eng.html#/Map
Survey/64 and www.survey.antiquities.org.il/index_Eng.html#/MapSurvey/18
(Last accessed 23 April, 2024).

Danin, A., Fragman-Sapir, O., 2016. Flora of Israel www.flora.org.il/en/en/ (last

accessed 30 January, 2023).

Danin, A., Orshan, G., 1999. Vegetation of Israel, Vol. 1. Backhuys Publishers.
Di Gregorio, A., Jansen, L., 2005. Land Cover Classification System: Classification

Concepts and User Manual: LCCS, Vol. 2. Food & Agriculture Organization of the UN
(FAO).

2.2. Data sources

Mohedano, E., Salvador, A., McGuinness, K., Nieto, X.G.-I., OConnor, N., Marqu´es, F.,
2017. Object retrieval with deep convolutional. Deep Learn. Image Proc. Appl. 31,
137. https://doi.org/10.3233/978-1-61499-822-8-137.

Muller, F., Nielsen, S.N., 2008. Emergent properties. In: Jorgensen, S.E. (Ed.),

Encyclopedia of Ecology. Elsevier, pp. 1212–1218.

Naveh, Z., Carmel, Y., 2004. The evolution of the cultural Mediterranean landscape in
Israel as affected by fire, grazing, and human activities. In: Wasser, S.P. (Ed.),
Evolutionary Theory and Processes: Modern Horizons: Papers in Honour of Eviatar
Nevo (Pp. 337–409). Springer.

= [l1 ∈ l2] for all U⋀LTA (cid:0) LU

(10)

l=1

Where U is the union of l1 and l2 classification, such that the higher-
level classification (l1) with more classes (n = 32) is represented as el-
ements (∈) of the lower-level classification (l2) with fewer classes (n =
6), the nested classification between l1 & l2 is the reclassification of the
thematic spectral classes of l1 into the information classes of l2. Based on

a simple linear regression, the l1 / l2 crosstabulation results proved
insufficient to distinguish between MI and LI LTA-LU shrub community
configurations.

2.3.3. NHC l3

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper by Cohen and Shashua (2017) discusses the use of deep convolutional networks for image processing tasks, but it does not specifically mention any techniques for addressing data bias during preprocessing of a deep learning pipeline. However, there are several common techniques used to address this issue.

One technique is stratified sampling, which involves dividing the dataset into subsets based on certain characteristics or labels, and then randomly selecting samples from each subset to create training and testing sets. This ensures that the distribution of these characteristics or labels is preserved in both sets.

Another technique is oversampling, which involves duplicating examples from underrepresented classes in order to balance the class distribution. Undersampling, on the other hand, involves removing examples from overrepresented classes to achieve the same goal. Both methods can be effective in reducing bias caused by imbalanced datasets.

A third approach is diverse data collection, which involves collecting data from a wide range of sources and perspectives in order to reduce bias and improve model performance. For example, if a model is being trained to recognize images of animals, it may be beneficial to collect images from different regions, habitats, and lighting conditions in order to capture a wider variety of animal appearances.

In summary, some common techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of a deep learning pipeline include stratified sampling, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection. These techniques aim to ensure that the training and testing sets accurately represent the true distribution of the data, and that the model is able to generalize well to new, unseen data.