Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Kovalev, V., Kalinovsky, A., Kovalev, S., 2016. Deep Learning with Theano, Torch, Caffe, 
Tensorflow, and deeplearning4j: Which One Is the Best in Speed and Accuracy?. 
Larsen, O., Christensen-Dalsgaard, J., Maxwell, A., Hansen, K., Wahlberg, M., 2017, June 
9. Cormorant audiograms under water and in air. Acoust. Soc. Am. J. 141 (5), 3667. 

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436–444. 
Lodi, G., Aniello, L., Di Luna, G.A., Baldoni, R., 2014. An event-based platform for 

collaborative threats detection and monitoring. Inf. Syst. 39, 175–195. 

Lohr, B., Wright, T.F., Dooling, R.J., 2003, Apr. Detection and discrimination of natural 
calls in masking noise by birds: estimating the active space of a signal. Anim. Behav. 
65 (4), 763–777. Retrieved from.

Leveraging machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intel-
ligence for automated annotation and analysis especially requires high 
quality data (Egnor and Branson, 2016). Although automated annota-
tion is widely applied, it is mostly used offline which has the advantage 
that the researcher can assist the algorithms, fine tune parameters and 
oversee that classifications are correct. However, it also limits the op-
tions for data collection and closed loop experimentation. We instead 
propose  to  automatically  annotate  and  analyse  data  online  while  the

In summary, we want to take advantage of the rapid development in 
machine  learning  without  having  to  constrain  the  environment  too 
much.  We  want  to  enable  re-use  of  developed  components  in  other 
experimental  setups  to  improve  standardisation  and  convergence  of 
methods. Further, we want to base the solution on mature well-known 
technologies and off-the-shelf hardware to keep it easy to maintain. 

We  therefore  propose  an  architecture,  based  on  modern  IT  infra-
structure,  that  delivers  on  those  requirements.  In  the  following,  we 
describe the architecture and explain why we think the solution should 
build on IT infrastructure. 

2.1. Architectural considerations

A topic that we did not discuss in this paper is edge computing (Davis 
et al., 2004; Shi et al., 2016), essentially meaning to process data before 
sending it  on the network and  thus improve  response times  and  save 
bandwidth. This requires processing power close to the sensor, which we 
have, but we used it to stream data to the network and not to reduce the 
amount of data to transmit. However, a reduction does happen at the 
edge of the cluster where data streams are transformed to event streams 
and  could  thus  also  happen  at  the  sensor,  given  sufficient  processing 
power for the task. An important advantage of reducing the amount of 
data  is  that  data  can  be  transferred  from  remote  locations  via  low 
bandwidth solutions, such as LoRa (a long range, low-power, wide area 
network modulation technique) or Starlink (satellite based internet ac-
cess). Although the architecture and online computational ethology in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers mentioned do not provide explicit information about the specific purpose of the deep learning models used. However, they do mention some general applications of deep learning. For instance, LeCun, Bengio, and Hinton (2015) discuss the use of deep learning in various tasks such as image recognition, speech recognition, and natural language processing. Similarly, Kovalev, Kalinovsky, and Kovalev (2016) compare different deep learning frameworks in terms of speed and accuracy, suggesting their application in various domains.

Moreover, the authors propose an architecture based on modern IT infrastructure to leverage the rapid developments in machine learning, including deep learning. They aim to enable real-time data annotation and analysis, which suggests potential applications in areas like object detection, anomaly detection, or predictive modeling. However, without more specific details about the models used, it is impossible to determine the exact purpose of these deep learning models.