Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Therefore, it is important to take into account several features and 
place  emphasis  on  the  features  that  are  efficient  for  different  herbs. 
Performance  of  deep  neural  networks  will  be  enhanced  when  the 
attention  mechanism  enables  them  to  precisely  focus  on  all  relevant 
input elements. This method has become a popular technique in DL for 
text classification, image interpretation, and sentiment analysis (Wani 
et al., 2020). Models like attention mechanisms have high accuracy, and 
most of these mechanisms can be jointly trained with a basic model, such 
as a recurrent neural network or a convolutional neural network (CNN), 
using  a  regular  back-propagation  algorithm.  In  DL  models,  feature 
extraction  takes  place  hierarchically  through  CNNs  from  a  global 
perspective. At the same time, the attention mechanism focuses on the 
significant information of an image, improving the performance of CNN

As Fig. 3 shows, the data are first divided into five equal folds in the 
proposed  FAA-based approach.  After that,  policies will  augment each 
fold without repetition. Then, the CNN model starts to process the folds. 
In  the  next  step,  the  optimal  augment  policies  are  evaluated  and 
recognized. The output of each CNN is controlled by a Bayesian opti-
mizer. Weak policies are then removed by the controller and strong ones 
are selected. The process continues to find the optimal policies for data 
augmentation. 

2.3. The proposed approach (SCAM-Herb model) 

CNN-based methods have better performance in identifying plants, 
but still, based on data analysis and some previous research (Wang et al., 
2020, Azadnia et al., 2023), texture characteristics are very important. 
Therefore, more attention should be paid to the modules that consider 

Fig. 2. Images of three different classes of plants.

attention mechanisms enhance efficiency of deep learning (DL) networks by allowing them to precisely focus on 
all relevant input elements. In order to enhance the performance of the proposed model, the CA was implemented 
based on four pooling operations including global average pooling-based CA (GAP-CA), mixed pooling-based CA 
(Mixed-CA), gated pooling-based CA (Gated-CA), and tree pooling-based CA (Tree-CA) operations. The results 
showed that the DL model based on Tree-CA had promising performance and outperformed other state-of-the-art 
models, achieving the values of 99.63%, 99.38%, 99.52%, 99.74%, and 99.42%, for accuracy, precision, recall, 
specificity, and F1-score, respectively. The findings support our proposed attention model's success in identifying 
medicinal  plants  from  similar  poisonous  plants.  Recent  advancements  in  computer-based  technologies  and

Abbreviations: CA, Channel attention; DL, Deep learning; RNN, Recurrent neural network; FAA, Fast AutoAugment; GELU, Gaussian error linear unit; FC, Fully 
connected; SELU, Scaled exponential linear unit; VGG, Visual geometry group; TP, True positive; FN, False negative; FP, False positive; TN, True negative; SA, Spatial 
attention; CNN, Convolutional neural network; DA, Data augmentation; CWA, Channel-wise attention; ReLU, Rectified linear unit; GAP, Global average pooling; 
SCAM, Spatial channel attention module; CPU, Central processing unit; GPU, Graphics processing unit; GB, Gigabyte; GHz, Gigahertz. 

* Corresponding authors. 

E-mail addresses: rahim.azadnia@ut.ac.ir (R. Azadnia), omid@ut.ac.ir (M. Omid).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102683 
Received 20 October 2023; Received in revised form 9 June 2024; Accepted 9 June 2024

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about which specific optimization techniques are used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the output of each CNN is controlled by a Bayesian optimizer. Therefore, we can infer that Bayesian Optimization might be one of the optimization techniques employed in this case. Additionally, since the paper discusses deep learning models, it is likely that common optimization algorithms such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) could also be utilized, but there is no direct evidence in the given context to confirm this assumption.