Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lies  in  exploring the  potential of  deep  learning and  machine  learning 
algorithms  for  enhancing  groundwater-climate  interactions  under-
standing and investigating the climatic hotspots implications within the 
sub-basins of the GAB region.

(3) 

DD (months) =

1
N*

∑N

i=1

di

(4) 

Here DD stands for drought duration in months, di for ith drought 
event  duration  and  N  for  total  drought  occurrences.  We  divided  the 
drought  in  this  study  into  different  intensities  (extreme,  severe,  and 
moderate), and their distribution was established on the drought criteria 
mentioned (e.g., Ndehedehe et al., 2021). Intensity (I) can be formulated 
as: 

I =

1
m

∑m

k=1

SPEIk

(5)

3.10. Drought characteristics (severity, duration, and intensity) 

The regions  experiencing drought,  RED (measured in  percentage), 

were combined using drought indices for every timeframe and step. 

∑N

RED (t) = 100*

g=1

Dc(t)*Rc

∑N

g=1

Rc

(2)  

where  RED  represents  regions  experiencing  a  drought  with  time  t,  D 
represents drought (in the form of 0 or 1), R represents region, and g 
represents grid. Eq. 2 provides the percentage of regions experiencing 
drought, which determines the impact of drought in terms of its extent 
or  land  areas  affected  (in  percentage)  (e.g.,  Ndehedehe  et  al.,  2021; 
Wang et al., 2018). Drought severity, DS is evaluated for each drought 
event with t time, starting from ts and ending with te given in Eq. 3 (e.g., 
Diaz et al., 2019). 

DS =

∑te

t=ts

RED(t)

(3) 

DD (months) =

1
N*

∑N

i=1

di

(4)

The Great Dividing Range, on the basin's eastern border, receives 600 
mm of rainfall annually on average, whereas the western Simpson Desert 
receives <100 mm (Yan et al., 2017). A comparatively dry winter and 
moist summer distinguish the seasonal distribution. The northernmost

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the provided context to determine the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation). Typically, datasets are randomly partitioned into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. However, without further details about the dataset and methodology employed in this particular case, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer.