Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Mapping global orchid assemblages with deep learning provides novel 
conservation insights 

Joaquim Estopinan a, b, c,*, Maximilien Servajean b,d, 1, Pierre Bonnet c, 1, Alexis Joly a, b, 1, 
François Munoz e,1 
a INRIA, Montpellier, France 
b LIRMM, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
c UMR AMAP, CIRAD, Montpellier, France 
d AMIS, Univ. Paul Val´ery Montpellier, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
e LIPHY, Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, Grenoble, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Spatial indicator 
Species assemblage 
Deep learning 
Species distribution modelling 
IUCN status 
Orchids

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

Deep learning (DL) offers an unprecedented opportunity to charac-
terize complex, scale-dependent relationships between species and their 
environment (Deneu et al., 2021). In addition, the ever-increasing vol-
ume of data stemming from citizen science observations on one hand, 
and  from remote  sensing  characterization  of environmental heteroge-
neity on the other hand, requires adapted DL workflows (Borowiec et al., 
2022). DL models can learn from complex effects and interactions be-
tween  environmental  predictors  (Puglielli  and  P¨artel,  2023),  and  Cai 
et al. (2022) have shown that DL can help to isolate relationships be-
tween biodiversity and ecological drivers.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not provide explicit information about where the code repository for the deep learning pipeline is located. However, it mentions that the model was trained using the Jean Zay supercomputer (IDRIS). This suggests that the authors might have used internal resources for developing and running the code. Therefore, without further information, it cannot be determined if the code repository is publicly accessible on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket.