Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arctic wildlife monitoring 
Deep learning 
ResNet-50 
MegaDetector 
Time-lapse camera

Separate  two-class  models  were  trained  for  Finnmark  and  Yamal 
using  the  keras  package  in  R  (Allaire  and  Chollet,  2023)  with  a  Ten-
sorFlow  backend (Allaire  and Tang,  2023).  Preliminary trials  showed 
that region-specific models performed better. The ResNet-50 architec-
ture, a convolutional neural network that is 50 layers deep (He et al., 
2015), was used to train the models with 55 epochs (number of times the 
algorithm goes through the entire training data set) and a batch size of 
64  (number  of  samples  to  work  through  before  updating  model  pa-
rameters)  with  a  one-cycle  learning  rate  (hyperparameter  controlling 
model  response  to  estimated  error  each  time  the  model  weights  are 
updated) policy with a minimum of 0.000001 and a maximum of 0.001 
(Smith, 2018).

shown to reduce the processing time of image classification load by as 
much as 5× to 13× depending on the tasks (Fennell et al., 2022; Henrich

2. Workflow 

The multi-step, semi-automated workflow proposed here (Fig. 1) is 
adapted from B¨ohner et al., 2023, including pre-processing of images, 
model  training,  classification,  manual  quality  checks,  and  final  data 
formatting. Specifically, we build on the results of Rigoudy et al. (2022) 
and  Fennell  et  al.  (2022),  who  combined  MegaDetector  with  manual 
classification and custom-trained models. The workflow consists of the 
following two classification steps in addition to pre-processing of images 
and  final  manual  inspection,  quality  control,  and  data  formatting 
(Fig. 1). 

2.1. Classification 1 – Image quality and animal presence/absence

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In this study, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) called ResNet-50 is employed for the deep learning model. This architecture is specifically designed for image recognition tasks and has been proven effective due to its depth of 50 layers. It allows for more complex features to be learned during the training process, which can improve overall performance.