Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Data sources and processing 

All data sources are listed in Table 1. Data preprocessing involved the 
following  steps:  (1)  Using  the  ArcGIS10.5  software,  the  spatial 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026863J. Li et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Table 1 
Human activity (HA)–natural endowment (NE) coupled zoning index system and data sources.  

Criterion layer 

Indicator layer 

Data source 

Quantitative method 

Population density 

HA intensity 

Economic density 

Open Spatial Demographic Data and Research(https://www.wor 
ldpop.org) 

Land use intensity 

Precipitation 
Temperature 

Evapotranspiration 

Soil type 

Elevation 
slope 
NDVI 

Vegetation type 

Climatic conditions 

Geographic 
conditions 

Vegetation 
conditions

large-scale partitioning (Srivastava and Bhambhu, 2005). However, the 
training efficiency of SVM for large sample datasets is not ideal at pre-
sent (Amarappa and Sathyanarayana, 2024), and further optimization of 
the  training  algorithm  is  an  urgent  problem  that  needs  to  be  solved. 
Simultaneously, the boundaries delineated by SVM are not uniform with 
the  administrative  boundaries,  and  the  zoning  results  will  face  diffi-
culties in real applications, which is also a problem to be addressed in 
the future. Because of the increasing long-distance HAs and the remote 
deployment of material and energy, the ability of remote connectivity 
will  be  an  important  driver  of  future  regional  differentiation  (J.  Jiao 
et al., 2020). Quantifying this ability and incorporating it into HA–NE 
coupled zoning will be a topic addressed in future studies.

Li, S., Dragicevic, S., Castro, F.A., Sester, M., Winter, S., Coltekin, A., Pettit, C., Jiang, B., 
Haworth, J., Stein, A., Cheng, T., 2016. Geospatial big data handling theory and 
methods: A review and research challenges. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 
115, 119–133. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.isprsjprs.2015.10.012. 

Li, J., Sun, W., Li, M., Meng, Linlin, 2021. Coupling coordination degree of production, 

living and ecological spaces and its influencing factors in the Yellow River Basin. 
J. Clean. Prod. 298, 126803 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jclepro.2021.126803. 

Li, J., Li, G., Ma, W., Wu, J., Lu, Y., Liang, Y., 2023. Significant spatiotemporal

Fig. 2. Brief presentation of the integrated database. Due to the large amount of data, DEM, SLOP, SOIL, and Vegetation type data are fixed, and other data are 
spatially  displayed  according  to  the  average  values  from  1980  to  2020.  (a–c)  HA  data.  (d–f)  climate  data.  (g–i)  geographic  data.  (j–k)  Vegetation  data.  (l) 
HA intensity. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026865J. Li et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information on the techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, some commonly used techniques include stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection.

Stratified splitting involves dividing the dataset into subsets or strata based on certain criteria such as class labels, and then randomly selecting samples from each stratum to create balanced training and testing sets. This technique helps maintain the original distribution of classes in both sets.

Oversampling is a technique where synthetic examples are generated from existing minority class instances to balance the dataset. Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique (SMOTE) is one popular approach for generating new instances.

Undersampling involves removing instances from the majority class to achieve a more balanced dataset. Random under-sampling is a simple way to do this, but it may lead to loss of valuable information. More sophisticated methods like NearMiss and Condensed Nearest Neighbor (CNN) can help retain useful information while reducing the size of the majority class.

Diverse data collection aims to collect data from various sources and perspectives to reduce bias and improve model performance. This includes collecting data from different demographics, regions, time periods, etc.

Again, these techniques are not mentioned explicitly in the given context, but they are common approaches used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline.