Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

Given unlabelled input data consisting of N samples with F features, 
x âˆˆ â„NÃ—F,  the  probabilistic  encoder  of  a  VAE  maps  the  input  to  the 
posterior density p(z|x) over the latent variable, z âˆˆ â„NÃ—L. In practice, 
L << N and the encoder neural network approximates the true posterior 
density, p(z|x), with a multivariate Gaussian, qÎ¸(z|x) âˆ¼ ğ’© (Î¼Î¸, Ïƒ2
Î¸ ). The 
decoder of a VAE reconstructs the input data from the latent variable 
and is given by the density function pÏ†(x|z). The encoder and decoder 
neural networks are parameterised by Î¸  and Ï†, respectively. The opti-
mization objective of a VAE consists of two competing terms and it can 
be shown to be (Kingma and Welling, 2014)  

â„’VAE = (cid:0) EqÎ¸ [logpÏ†(x|z)] + KL[qÎ¸(z|x)||p(z)]
â„’VAEâ‰œâ„’rec + â„’reg

(1) 

(2)

3.2. Semi-supervised clustering 

Using a small subset of labelled data that optimizes a relevant loss 
could steer learning of representations that are more expressive for the 
downstream tasks under consideration. One approach to achieve this is 
to introduce auxiliary tasks  based on the labelled data, resulting  in a 
semi-supervised learning setup (Figueroa and Rivera, 2017). 

Î²(t) = Î²(t(cid:0) 1)

(cid:0)

1 (cid:0) Ïˆ

[

Î”reg

] )

(1 + Ïˆ[Î”rec] + Î”â„’rec )

(1 (cid:0) Ïˆ[Î”rec] )

(cid:0)

1 + Ïˆ

]

[

Î”reg

(cid:0) Î”â„’rec

)

(cid:0)

b
4
a
+
4

where  

Î”rec = â„’(t)

rec (cid:0) w1min

(cid:0)

Î”reg = â„’(t)

reg (cid:0) w2min

)

)

â„’(:t(cid:0) 1)
rec
(
â„’(:t(cid:0) 1)
reg

(5)  

(6) 

(7) 

1  The signum function, Ïˆ[x] returns the sign of any real number s âˆˆ â„ 

â§
â¨

Ïˆ[s] =

â©

+1
0
(cid:0) 1

s > 0
s = 0
s < 0

All models were implemented in PyTorch (Paszke et al., 2019) and 
trained for 5000 epochs using the Adam optimizer (Kingma et al., 2015) 
(cid:0) 3. The models were trained on Nvidia GTX 
with a learning rate of 10
1050 graphics processing unit with 4 GB memory with a batch size of 
256. A decision to adapt Î² was taken every fifth epoch to avoid random 
fluctuations. The scaling of the clustering loss, Î³, in the semi-supervised 
mode was cycled between 0.01 and 0.2 every 100 epochs. 

4.4. Results 

The clustering performance on the labelled test set for the unsuper-
vised and semi-supervised instances of the dynamic Î²-VAE is presented 
in Table 2. 

The dynamic Î²-VAE performs better than the baselines in the ARI- 
and AMI-scores which quantifies the intra-class cohesion and inter-class 
separability. While HCA have been successfully used to identify groups

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there isn't explicit information about how the dataset was divided into training, testing, or validation sets. However, typically in machine learning and deep learning applications, datasets are often split into three subsets: training, validation, and testing. This division helps evaluate the model's performance and generalizability accurately.

Training Set: This portion of the dataset is used to train the model, i.e., adjusting its parameters through backpropagation and optimization algorithms like gradient descent. It allows the model to learn patterns within the data.

Validation Set: During the training process, the validation set is employed to fine-tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. By evaluating the model's performance on the validation set after each iteration, one can determine when to stop training to ensure optimal results without memorizing the training data.

Testing Set: After completing the training phase, the final evaluation of the model occurs using the testing set. Since these data points haven't been seen before, they provide an accurate measure of the model's ability to generalize and perform well on new, unseen data.