Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

with 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, and 3 neurons 
each, all using the rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function; for 
the output layer we used the sigmoid activation function. We used the 
LSTM method by adding a long short term memory block on the DNN’s 
architecture  previously  described.  The  implementation  of  the  classifi-
cation methods was carried out in Python using the libraries TensorFlow 
and Scikit-learn (Van Rossum and Drake Jr, 1995). Finally, we obtained 
the accuracy, true positive rate and false positive rate using the afore-
mentioned training-test splits of the time series.

machine  learning  methods:  Support  Vector  Machines,  Deep  Neural  Networks,  Long  Short  Term  Memory  and 
Random Forests. The PBP method yielded a competitive performance associated with higher true-positive rates 
in most comparisons while providing interpretability rather than being a black-box method. It is an improvement 
over current state-of-the-art machine learning tools, especially by non-specialists, such as ecologists aiming to use 
a quantitative approach for pest monitoring. We provide the implemented PBP method in Python through the 
pypbp package.

Table 2 shows that the PBP method is competitive with state-of-the- 
art  machine  learning  methods,  such  as  the  commonly  used  Random 
Forest (RF) algorithm. The criterion of a false positive rate of at most 0.2 
provides an accuracy of 91.0%, a false positive rate of 8% and a true 
positive  rate  of  75%.  Only  DNN  could  obtain  similar  values  of  true 
positive rate for this case study. Moreover, our method using the criteria 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022206G.R. Palma et al.

With  respect  to  interpretability,  when  using  RF,  it  is  possible  to 
obtain variable importance. However in this case, this will tell us which 
previous  steps  were  most  important  when  predicting  outbreaks,  not 
necessarily  how  they  relate  to  its  occurrence.  When  using  LSTM  and 
DNN,  which  are  commonly  referred  to  as  ‘black-box’  methods  (Liang 
et al., 2021), it is even more challenging to find explainable frameworks 
that allow us to study the relationship between the predictors and the 
outbreaks. However, each hyperparameter in the PBP framework pro-
vides a clear interpretation, and we are able to create visual represen-
tations  of  the  patterns  that  occurred  before  the  outbreak  (the  P′
means 
matrix).  For  instance,  Fig.  7  displays  the  three  patterns  in  P′
means  ob-
tained from employing PBP using the optimised hyperparameter values 
for the aphid data using 50% of the time series for training.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention any specific preprocessing steps taken before training the deep learning models. However, common practices in preparing data for deep learning include normalization or standardization, handling missing values, encoding categorical variables, and splitting the dataset into training and testing sets. Normalization scales numerical input features to a range between 0 and 1, while standardization transforms them to have a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1. Handling missing values can be done by either removing those instances or imputing them based on other available information. Encoding categorical variables involves converting them into numerical representations that can be processed by the model. Lastly, splitting the dataset allows for evaluating the model's performance on unseen data during training.