Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Funders of Earth science projects and academic publishers increas-
ingly require scientists to publish data in an open-access data repository 
(Cousijn  et  al.,  2018;  Data  Citation  Synthesis  Group,  2014;  Office  of 
Science, 2013; Stall et al., 2019). Many data repositories are available to 
store the data, with varying levels of service for data quality review, and 
guidance  or  helpful  tools  for  data  citation  and  tracking.  These  range 
from general purpose repositories that accept all data to domain, proj-
ect,  and/or  sponsor  specific  repositories  (Witt  et  al.,  2019)  that  are 
critical  for  data  integration.  Data  supporting  a  published  paper  may 
therefore be dispersed across multiple repositories that have different 
practices  for  data  citation  and  linking  to  related  data.  In  particular, 
citation approaches that address complexities of collections of data and 
dynamic data, represent an active area of research (Parsons et al., 2019;

as WFSFA or NGEE-Tropics is the publisher. These projects are also more 
likely than the repository to be used as a search term to find the data. We 
think of the data package as the long-term entity and the data repository 
as where the data packages are held currently. It is our expectation that 
data repositories come and go over the years.

2.1. ESS-DIVE 

The  ESS-DIVE  repository  stores  data  from  research  funded  by  the 
DOE’s  Biological  and  Environmental  Research  (BER)  Environmental 
Systems Science (ESS) program. The ESS-DIVE data repository provides 
long-term  data storage  and access,  and  is  working  toward supporting 
FAIR data principles (Varadharajan et al., 2018). Each data package has 
a DOI either assigned or obtained by the data producer before it is stored 
in ESS-DIVE. There are important features in development in ESS-DIVE - 
project portals and the Fusion Database. Project portals are a feature, 
allowing a set of data packages to be grouped together with explanatory 
web  pages  and  data  search/access  on  that  set.  The  Fusion  Database

We  present  a  perspective  informed  by  working  closely  over  many 
years with several US Department of Energy (DOE) projects, including 
the  Environmental  Systems  Science  Data  Infrastructure  for  a  Virtual 
Ecosystem (ESS-DIVE) data repository (Varadharajan et al., 2018; https: 
//ess-dive.lbl.gov/), the AmeriFlux carbon flux network (Novick et al., 
2018), the Watershed Function Science Focus Area (WFSFA; http://wate 
rshed.lbl.gov)  (Varadharajan  et  al.,  2019),  and  Next  Generation 
Ecosystem Experiments - Tropics (NGEE-Tropics; https://ngee-tropics. 
lbl.gov/). These projects range from data synthesis studies to collabo-
rations  that  generate  data  products  using  workflows,  tools,  and  re-
sources  for  data  management.  Our  experiences  also  capture  hosting 
domain specific repositories and a general purpose data repository. 

2.1. ESS-DIVE

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a code repository for a deep learning pipeline associated with any of the mentioned projects such as ESS-DIVE, AmeriFlux, WFSFA, or NGEE-Tropics. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information regarding the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline.