Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population 
time series 

Guiming Wang a, *, Xueyan Shan b, c 
a Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
b Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Entomology and Plant Pathology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
c Institute for Genomics, Biocomputing & Biotechnology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Dynamic time warming 
Hierarchical clustering 
Machine learning 
State space model 
Trend analysis

The Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks compiled 
and published the wildlife harvest summaries of Wildlife Management 
Area (WMAs) from the 1980s to the 2000s in three reports (Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990; Mississippi Depart-
ment of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998; Mississippi Department of 
Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006). The number of harvested rabbits 
per hunter day (a day hunting trip), a capture per unit effort (CPUE) 
index, was calculated as the total number of reported harvests divided 
by  the  total  number of  hunter days  in  a  WMA for each  year.  Eastern 
cottontail  rabbits  (Sylvilagus  floridanus)  and  swamp  rabbits  (Sylvilagus

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be possible that this information is not included in the provided context or it might have been mentioned elsewhere. Therefore, without further details, it is impossible to provide an accurate response to this query.