Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data 

The data used here was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Chal-
lenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhanced prediction of vegetation responses to extreme drought using deep 
learning and Earth observation data 

Klaus-Rudolf Kladny a,c, Marco Milanta a, Oto Mraz a, Koen Hufkens b, d, e, f, Benjamin 
D. Stocker b, d, e, f,* 
a Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
b Department of Environmental Systems Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
c Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Tübingen 72076, Germany 
d Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research WSL, Birmensdorf 8903, Switzerland 
e Institute of Geography, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland 
f Oeschger Centre for Climate Change Resarch, Bern 3012, Switzerland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought impact forecasting 
Sentinel-2 
EarthNet2021 
ConvLSTM 
NDVI

Here,  we  implemented  two  alternative  deep  neural  networks  and 
show, using the EarthNet2021 data and their model evaluation frame-
work, that both models are well-suited for the drought impact prediction 
challenge  at  hand.  Additional  evaluations  of  NDVI  predictions  under 
conditions  of  the  reported  2018  European  summer  drought  (Bastos 
et al., 2020b; Brun et al., 2020) are performed to provide an intuitive 
understanding of temporal and spatial aspects of model performances, 
and  to  assess  the  models’  ability  to  learn  links  between  weather  and 
vegetation greenness under anomalous conditions and predict extreme 
event impacts as a function of extreme weather. 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Prediction task

In this work, we resorted to purely deterministic variants of these 

architectures.  The  models  were  implemented  using  the  deep  learning 
framework PyTorch Lightning (Falcon, 2019) which is built on top of 
PyTorch  (Paszke  et  al.,  2019)  and  enables  improved  scalability.  The 
hyperparameters were tuned using an Optuna-based (Akiba et al., 2019) 
hyperparameter optimization procedure.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not appear that there is a direct mention or link to the specific data repository where the deep learning pipeline can be found. However, it is mentioned that the data used was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Challenge. Therefore, one could potentially look into resources related to the EarthNet2021 Challenge for more details about the dataset and its availability.