Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Dennison, W.C., Barnes, D.J., 1988. Effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and 

calcification. J Exp Mar Biol Ecol 115 (9), 67–77. 

Do, A.N.T., Tran, H.D., 2023. Combining a deep learning model with an optimization 

algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern 
Vietnam under global warming. Eco. Inform. 78, 102380. 

Donovan, M.K., Friedlander, A.M., Lecky, J., Jouffray, J.B., Williams, G.J., Wedding, L. 
M., Crowder, L.B., Erickson, A.L., Graham, N.A., Gove, J.M., Kappel, C.V., 2018. 
Combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes reveals complex reef 
dynamics. Sci. Rep. 8 (1), 16943. 

Dubinsky, Z., Stambler, N., 1996. Marine pollution and coral reefs. Glob. Chang. Biol. 2 

(6), 511–526. 

Edmunds, P.J., Tsounis, G., Lasker, H.R., 2016. Differential distribution of octocorals and 
scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Hydrobiologia 
767, 347–360.

Fig. 5. Network structure for supervised learning of the fish factor (FF) with all 
measured  variables  as  predictors.  The  latent  FF  comprised  the  manifest  vari-
ables from corals, sponges and gorgonians.

For the data clustering procedures, several constraints were applied. 
A minimum purity of 70% was set for accepting a taxon-specific cluster 
but  this  was  increased  to  85%  for  accepting  a  meta-cluster.  Purity 
measures capture the highest posterior probability of a latent variable 
cluster state for the data on each of the coral reef monitoring nodes from 
a  site.  Thus  a  100%  pure  site  would  be  contained  completely  in  one

great capabilities for using data with expert input. As an example, Ban 
et al. (2014) chose a Bayesian modeling platform to incorporate expert 
knowledge where data were lacking for multiple stressors on corals in 
the Great Barrier Reef.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly mention the location or availability of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline used by Do et al. (2023). To find out more about the data repository, it may be necessary to refer directly to their paper or contact the authors for further details.