Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

9. Calculate Ratio of Mine-Urban Pixels and Determine Threshold (ADJUSTABLE PARAMETER) – In each sub-region identified in step 8, the 
model calculates the ratio of mining pixels to urban pixels and assigns the value to the sub-region. This step of the model was based upon a closely 
observed pattern in the spatial arrangement of mining and urban pixels. It was observed that urban areas, while they did contain misclassified mining 
pixels, were always dominated by an overwhelming majority of urban pixels, hence a low mine-urban pixel ratio. In mining areas, while the mine- 
urban  pixel  pattern  initially appears to  be random, closer  observation showed  that the  ratio  of mine  to urban  pixels  within a  mine  was  consis-
tently higher than the corresponding ratio in urban areas. This observed pattern provided the basis for the reclassification model, as it provided a 
quantitative metric through which we can consistently distinguish between mining and urban areas.

8. Creation of Sub-Regions (ADJUSTABLE PARAMETER) – This step involved creating a buffer of a specified distance around all pixels classified 
as mine in the classified map. All overlapping or connected buffers were dissolved to create individual “sub-regions”. A sub-region can therefore be 
defined as any separate, distinct region where groups of mining pixels are located in close proximity to each other. This can be a “mining sub-area”, 
which contains groups of correctly classified mining pixels, or an “urban sub-area” which contains groups of incorrectly classified mining pixels. The 
size of the sub-region depends on the size of the buffer chosen. For this study, the buffer distances ranged between 100 and 900 m. The size of the 
buffer varied depending on the input image, as this value was dictated by the complexity and potential misclassification of LULC classes in the area.

19. Proximity of Water Bodies to Mine Function (ADJUSTABLE PARAMETER) - With problematic areas (small, misclassified mining pixels and 
official water bodies) having been removed, the remaining areas of interest (mining areas above 2700 m2 and unofficial water bodies) were selected 
for further use in the model. For this stage of the model, a proximity function was used to identify water bodies that were within a specified distance of 
mining regions above 2700 m2. This was done to isolate pools of water that collected in exposed pits of mines. These pools of water would be located in 
a mining region and therefore either directly adjacent to or in very close proximity to other mining pixels. By setting a very small distance (150 m was 
used for this model), these pools of water could be distinguished from other pools of water that were present in forested or other areas on the map. This

is an adjustable parameter than can be tweaked accordingly; however, the best results were attained when a relatively small distance (< 200 m) was 
used. The selected pools of water located within the specified distance of mines were isolated and reclassified to mine.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized using methods such as grid search or random search. However, it mentions several times that certain parameters are adjustable, suggesting that some form of optimization is performed.

In Step 8, the creation of sub-regions involves choosing a buffer distance, which varies depending on the input image. This indicates that there might be some experimentation with different buffer sizes to find the optimal one for each case. Similarly, in Step 19, the proximity of water bodies to mine function uses a specified distance, which is also mentioned as being adjustable. Again, this suggests that there may be some process of finding the most suitable distance for identifying pools of water in exposed pits of mines.

While the specific method of optimization isn't explicitly stated, the fact that these parameters are described as adjustable implies that some sort of iterative process is employed to determine their values. This could involve techniques like grid search or random search, but without more detailed information, it cannot be definitively confirmed.