Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

3.3. Comparative analysis of CNN backbones 

Comparative  analysis  of  CNN  backbones  was  accomplished  to 
determine  the  optimal  CNN  architecture  to  use.  Original  feature 
extraction part of the meta-learning algorithms was replaced with four 
CNN  pretrained  on  the  ImageNet  dataset,  that  is  ResNet18,  VGG16, 
DenseNet121 and AlexNet. Recent work has shown that the addition of 
pretrained networks can improve the classification (Yang et al., 2020). 
The selection of pretrained CNNs was based on the ranking of standard 
off-the-shelf CNN architectures used in the context of eco-acoustics with 
DL  (Stowell,  2022)  to  highlight  their  energy  consumption.  Other  ar-
chitectures  such  as  DNN  models  optimized  for  embedding  systems 
requiring  low  power  consumption  (Velasco-Montero  et  al.,  2018)  or 
traditional  audio  feature  extraction  (Lakdari  et  al.,  2024)  could  be 
investigated further in the future.

Automatic  identification  of  biophonic  sources  in  soundscape  re-
cordings  currently  relies  mainly  on  using  digital  signal  processing 
techniques  and  advanced  recognition  technologies  from  the  deep 
learning (DL) era (Stowell et al., 2015; Xie et al., 2023), and is achieved 
through the use of supervised classification models. However, in most 
situations, the lack of large labeled datasets is a serious limiting factor 
for training robust supervised classification models. This is particularly 
problematic  in  ecoacoustic  studies  when  (i)  the  number  of  species 
emitting sounds is very high, a situation encountered, for example, in 
tropical rainforest regions (Brown, 2014), (ii) species inventories are far 
from complete as a result of high species numbers and limited taxonomic 
and geographic sampling (Tolkova et al., 2021), and/or (iii) rare species 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: joachipo@uio.no (J. Poutaraud).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, no explicit information is available regarding the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does mention that the original feature extraction part of the meta-learning algorithms was replaced with four CNN pretrained on the ImageNet dataset. Additionally, it discusses automatic identification of biophonic sources in soundscape recordings through the use of supervised classification models. From these points, we can infer that one possible method for collecting raw data could involve utilizing publicly available datasets like ImageNet for pretraining purposes. Another potential approach could entail employing soundscape recordings for gathering acoustic data relevant to ecological studies. Nevertheless, without additional context, it remains unclear whether other methods such as surveys or specialized sensors are also employed in the process.