Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3.3. Classification 

Pretrained classification models such as VGG16 have demonstrated 
to perform well on various plant species identification tasks (Pang and 
Lim,  2019).  To  train  our  classification  model,  we  adapted  the  vgg16 
network  pre-trained  on  ImageNet  dataset  (Simonyan  and  Zisserman, 
2014). The fully connected layers of the networks were replaced with a 
global max-pooling layer, a dropout layer with a dropout ratio of 0.5 as a 
network regularizer and single hidden layer with a total of 256 units for 
a larger image sized model(512 × 512) and 128 units for a smaller image 
size model (256 × 256). Both networks were trained for 20 epochs with 
a  batch  size  of 32  and  various data augmentation  techniques such as 
height and width shift, flipping, zooming and brightness changes were 

Table 2 
Summary of the model parameters.   

PConv networks 

256 × 256/512 × 512 

1 
2e-4

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Reconstruction of damaged herbarium leaves using deep learning 
techniques for improving classification accuracy 

Burhan Rashid Hussein a, Owais Ahmed Malik a, b, *, Wee-Hong Ong a,b, 
Johan Willem Frederik Slik c 
a Digital Science, Faculty of Science, Universiti Brunei Darussalam, Gadong, Jalan Tungku Link, BE1410, Brunei Darussalam 
b Institute of Applied Data Analytics, Universiti Brunei Darussalam, Gadong, Jalan Tungku Link, BE1410, Brunei Darussalam 
c Environmental and Life Sciences, Faculty of Science, Universiti Brunei Darussalam, Gadong, Jalan Tungku Link, BE1410, Brunei Darussalam   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Deep learning 
Damaged leaves 
Generative adversarial networks 
Partial convolution 
Plant species identification 
Herbaria

work is as follows: 

• We demonstrated the successful application of deep learning tech-
niques for reconstructing the damaged leaves images of herbarium 
specimens and showed the improvement in the plant identification 
task using the reconstructed leaves data.  

• We compared the performance of two state-of-the-art deep learning 
architectures, one being task-specific and the other being a general- 
purpose architecture for reconstructing the damaged leaves of her-
barium specimens.  

• We compiled a new dataset of individual herbarium leaves that can 
be used for training/testing different machine learning techniques. 

2. Proposed model 

This section provides a detailed explanation of the proposed model 
using  deep  learning  technique  for  reconstructing  damaged  leaves  of 
herbarium specimens. All the experiments performed for this study are 
discussed in the next section.

Fig. 4. (a)Sample image, (b) the generated mask and the masked image in (c) used for training reconstruction models.  

EcologicalInformatics61(2021)1012435B.R. Hussein et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

parameters  were  used  in  each  category  unless  otherwise  specified. 
Where available, the original implementation reported earlier in liter-
ature were used (Isola et al., 2017; Liu et al., 2018). 

3.3.1. PConv network

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the specific link to resources like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF based on the provided text.