Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Detection rates in the laboratory or at test data sets
of more than 90% can generally not be achieved in the
field under real, constantly changing conditions. For
this reason, a feedback mechanism is provided, which
involves the user in the optimization of the system, but
at  the  same  time  minimizes  the  labeling  effort  to  be
made  manually.  This  is  known  as  active  learning.  In
the actual application, the system will, at certain inter-
vals, forward images to humans, and after the annota-
tion these images will be used to train a classifier iter-
atively. Evaluation is carried out with a retained test set
of images annotated manually.

Monitoring  devices  will  likely  also  detect  species
that are unknown for the recognition system. There-
fore, novelty detection is relevant [2, 3] which allows

AUTOMATIZED LONG-TERM 
WILDLIFE  CLASSIFICATION

Since  the  AMMOD  stations  should  operate  for  a
longer period of time (several years), it is important to
use recognition systems that can improve their perfor-
mance  over  time  by  exploiting  data  that  is  recorded
during  operation.  Hence,  we  aim  at  applying  and
improving lifelong learning algorithms for the identifi-
cation  of  wildlife  animal  species  that  occur  in  the
images from the camera traps. Lifelong learning, often
also called continuous learning, continual learning, or
incremental  learning,  denotes  a  process  that  enables
updates of the classification models once new data is

Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

482

RADIG  et  al.

Table 1. Comparison of the daytime and nighttime modes
of operation of our RGB-D camera trap [14]

STEREO FOR NEW 
QUALITY  OF  MONITORING

Daytime mode Nighttime mode

Motion detection Image-based
Depth acquisition Active stereo
Image acquisition Color camera
Illumination

Ambient light, active 
stereo pattern

PIR
Passive stereo
Infrared camera
Infrared lamp

ponents that are either explicitly extracted from anno-
tated training data or are determined completely unsu-
pervised by the system [31, 32]. Evaluation of the fine-
grained  classification  methods  are  carried  out  on  an
annotated set of recorded data, that is split into train-
ing and test set, as well as on publicly available datasets
for  fine-grained  recognition  in  the  computer  vision
community.

Fig. 4. Typical background training images.

body  shape,  and  others  can  be  determined  from  it.
This data stream is transmitted for preprocessing to a
powerful  single-board  computer  on  the  base  station.
There, the data stream is broken down into its individ-
ual components and analyzed. Recordings are sorted
out  that  do  not  contain  animal  images  due  to  false
alarms from the motion detector (typically 40–70%).
A further reduction of the data volume is achieved by
masking out image areas where no animals can appear.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves using a feedback mechanism known as active learning. This mechanism involves human input to optimize the system while minimizing manual labeling efforts. At certain intervals, the system forwards images to humans for annotation, and these images are then used to train a classifier iteratively. Evaluation is carried out with a retained test set of images annotated manually. Additionally, since the monitoring devices may detect species unknown to the recognition system, novelty detection is employed to allow for continuous improvement of the system over time through lifelong learning algorithms. These algorithms enable updates to the classification models when new data becomes available.