Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We implemented a deep neural network algorithm
(Goodfellow et al. 2016)—IUC-NN—as an R package
(IUCNN, available at https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN)
based on the Python (version 3.7) TensorFlow (https://
www.tensorflow.org) library to predict the conservation
status of unevaluated orchid species. We based the pre-
dictions on 4 groups of features, derivable from digitally
available occurrence records: geographic (mean latitude
and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent
of occurrence [EOO], area of occupancy [AOO], number
of locations [sensu IUCN], and occurrence records); cli-
matic (mean of 19 bioclim variables [Karger et al. 2017]);
biome (presence in 14 biomes [Olson et al. 2001]); and

anthropogenic (mean Human Footprint Index [Wildlife
Conservation Society & International Earth Science In-
formation Network 2005]).

Including data on species trade, land use, or life his-
tory, once they are available, may help increase the ac-
curacy of IUC-NN and overcome dependency on threat
category (Supporting Information). Additionally, combin-
ing the binary and detailed model, the results of which
were contradictory in some cases (Supporting Informa-
tion), may increase the performance of IUC-NN. We sug-
gest that labeling species where the binary and detailed
model disagree as data deficient might reduce the num-
ber of false predictions. Future developments of IUC-NN
will quantify the estimation of threat as a continuous pa-
rameter to increase the accuracy for intermediate threat
levels and will implement Bayesian neural networks to
quantify uncertainties in the prediction (Silvestro & An-
dermann 2020).

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

chids using the IUCN Red List. Ambio 47:307–317.

Zizka A, et al. 2019. Coordinatecleaner: standardized cleaning of oc-
currence records from biological collection databases. Methods in
Ecology and Evolution 10:744–751.

Zizka A, Antonelli A, Silvestro D. 2020a. Sampbias, a method for quanti-
fying geographic sampling biases in species distribution data. Ecog-
raphy 43:1–7.

Zizka A, Azevedo J, Leme E, Neves B, Ferreira A, Caceres D, Zizka
G. 2020b. Biogeography and conservation status of the pineap-
ple family (Bromeliaceae). Diveristy and Distributions 26:183–
195.

Zizka A, et al. 2020c. No one-size-fits-all solution to clean GBIF.

https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03.12.974543.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. It only mentions that the model is implemented as an R package called IUCNN, which is based on the Python TensorFlow library. However, it does not specify whether this implementation is deployed on any cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.