Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

proper databases for CNN training.

On the cyber system side, implementation was based on a workstation with an AMD
Threadripper Pro 3955WX processor with 32 GB RAM and GPU NVIDIA Quadro P620,
running Windows 10 Pro. The communication between the cyber and the physical system
was made using the TCP/IP protocol. A Python application was designed to train the
CNN based on a selected dataset. This cyber system is responsible for interacting with a
ﬁnal user (biologist) who is responsible for ordering the new trainings of the CNNs and
new updates of the trained CNNs on the physical nodes or on their digital twins to carry
out simulations or cooperative classiﬁcations.

Fourth, at the level of resources, the application that runs the CNN takes 16.4% of the
CPU capacity and 8.7% of RAM. These results let us conclude that the available computing
resources are adequate for running this sort of application.

the nodes that process data usually are located in a data center considered the cyber domain (represented in grey in Figure 5). The main processing tasks are developed in the cyber domain. Typical processing algorithms are based on artificial intelligence techniques such as convolutional neural networks for classification purposes. The construction of this artificial neural net-work is based on two stages, both carried out in this central entity. In the first stage, the network is trained with the data collected from sensor nodes (audio wave). In this stage, Sensors 2021, 21, 3655

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not provide details about which specific cloud platform (such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform) was used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the implementation was done on a workstation with an AMD Threadripper Pro 3955WX processor, 32GB RAM, and GPU NVIDIA Quadro P620, running Windows 10 Pro. It also states that a Python application was created to train the CNN based on a chosen dataset. Therefore, we can infer that the deployment might have been done locally rather than on a cloud platform like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.