Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The step of feature extraction can be complex and time consuming,
and in the end it may not extract the actual relevant characteristics. In
deep learning, the model learns and extracts the relevant features di-
rectly from the images during the training process. CNNs have shown
better performance that other machine learning techniques for the task
of image classiﬁcation (LeCun et al., 2015), what has led to its appli-
cation in several ﬁelds such as object recognition (Sun et al., 2013),
facial key-point detection (Vinyals et al., 2017) or image captioning
(Vinyals et al., 2017). Several works have been developed in the area of
plant recognition taking advantage of the strengths that these models
oﬀer. In (Grinblat et al., 2016), the authors proposed to solve the
problem of plant identiﬁcation with a approach based on leaf vein
morphology. The original images were processed to obtain vein pattern
segmentation, then the images were cropped for central patch extrac-

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

batch size, and data augmentation) aﬀect the ﬁne-tuning of pre-trained
models. DeepPlant is another example of a system for plant identiﬁ-
cation based on a CNN that uses a pre-training approach (Lee et al.,
2015). Background textures it is always an element that complicates the
classiﬁcation task. Xiao et al. proposed a segmentation and crop
method, based on Fourier transformations and a K-means algorithm, to
generate a region of interest in the images; the cropped images are then
used to train a CNN for diﬀerent plant species classiﬁcation (Xiao et al.,
2018). CNN have not been used only for taxonomic classiﬁcation of
plants, but also for the detection of diseases that can aﬀect them
(Sladojevic et al., 2016).

tion. With the modiﬁed images a CNN was trained to classify three
diﬀerent legume species: white bean, red bean and soybean. A relevant
approach for deep learning is a form of transfer learning. It is well
known that deep learning networks need large amounts of data to be
trained, this has led to the use of pre-trained networks that are latter
ﬁne-tuned with speciﬁc data of the addressed problem. The aim is to
take advantage of the knowledge learned from one problem to apply it
to another closely related problem. In (Ghazi et al., 2017), three re-
cognized deep learning architectures, namely GoogLeNet, AlexNet, and
VGGNet, were used to identify the plant species captured in a photo-
graph. The authors studied the impact of critical factors (iteration size,

5.4. Dataset extension

The proposed approach has shown good performance (accuracy) for
cactus recognition in aerial images. One way to improve the current
accuracy could be to make deeper the current CNN, however, im-
proving the accuracy with a deeper network will tend to memorize the
dataset due to the model capacity (Goodfellow et al., 2016), causing
model overﬁtting. A better improvement to the current work is to in-
clude more examples in the dataset. Such examples should be obtained
under diﬀerent conditions, some variations are diﬀerent daylight con-
ditions or diﬀerent year seasons. Diﬀerent season pictures will provide
a distinctive context because the rainy season changes all valley's ve-
getation.

Fig. 11. Confusion matrix.

Fig. 13. Example of a cactus image. The axes indicate pixel indices.

136

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 14. Learned kernels and feature maps. The axes indicate pixel indices.

6. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is primarily for image classification tasks. Specifically, the model is employed for plant identification and classification, including differentiation between various legume species like white beans, red beans, and soybeans. Additionally, the model is utilized for detecting diseases affecting plants. Furthermore, the deep learning model is applied for recognizing specific types of plants, such as cacti, in aerial images. The primary goal of using these deep learning models is to leverage their ability to automatically learn and extract relevant features directly from input images during the training phase, which often results in superior performance compared to traditional machine learning methods.