Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lies  in  exploring the  potential of  deep  learning and  machine  learning 
algorithms  for  enhancing  groundwater-climate  interactions  under-
standing and investigating the climatic hotspots implications within the 
sub-basins of the GAB region.

data (t) =

∑n

j=1

cjsj

(1) 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023545P.R. Kaushik et al.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023543P.R. Kaushik et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Table 1 
Summary of datasets (TWS, SMS, GWS, SPEI-3, 6 and 12, ENSO, NAO, AMO, 
PDO, IOD, Ni˜no 1 + 2, Ni˜no 3.0, Ni˜no 3.4, Ni˜no 4, NTA, STA, ETA) with their 
spatial  and  temporal  resolution  and  sources.  Here,  TWS  is  terrestrial  water 
storage,  SMS  is  soil  moisture  storage,  GWS  is  groundwater  storage,  SPEI  is 
standard  precipitation  evapotranspiration  index,  ENSO  is  El-Ni˜no  southern 
oscillation,  NAO  is  North  Atlantic  oscillation,  AMO  is  Atlantic  multidecadal 
oscillation, PDO is pacific decadal oscillation, IOD is Indian ocean dipole, NTA is 
North  Tropical  Atlantic,  STA  is  south  tropical  Atlantic  and  ETA  is  equatorial 
Atlantic.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Identifying potential hotspots of groundwater-climate interaction in the 
Great Artesian Basin, Australia 

Pankaj R. Kaushik a, b, *, Christopher E. Ndehedehe a,b, Ikechukwu Kalu a,b, Ryan M. Burrows c, 
Mark R. Noll d, Mark J. Kennard a, b 
a Australian Rivers Institute, Griffith University, Nathan 4111, QLD, Australia 
b Griffith School of Environment & Science, Griffith University, Nathan 4111, QLD, Australia 
c School of Ecosystem and Forest Sciences, The University of Melbourne, Burnley Campus, Richmond 3121, Victoria, Australia 
d Department of Earth Sciences, State University of New York, College at Brockport, Brockport, 14420 New York, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Great Artesian Basin 
Drought 
Climate teleconnections 
Standardized precipitation evapotranspiration 
index 
Groundwater storage

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information on the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether a convolutional neural network (CNN), recurrent neural network (RNN), or transformer was employed.