Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To  select  the  best  performing  model,  the  five  CNN  models  were 
validated in a final step using the 1500 videos of the validation dataset. 
It should be noted that the validation videos were held-out from training 
and thus contained videos that the models had not encountered before. 
To validate the models, 1 random frame was extracted from each vali-
dation dataset video. After extracting 1500 random frames (1 frame * 
1500 videos) all five CNN models were used to classify the videos into 
the  six  environmental  condition  classes.  The  results  of  the  validation 
phase are detailed in Section 3.1. 

2.5. Preprocessing 

After completing the environmental classification phase, the system 
extracts  a  frame.  Image  filtering/enhancement  is  applied  then  to

classification  pipeline.  The  validation  performance  of  CNN  Model  4 
with respect to each of the six environmental conditions is shown in the 
confusion matrix of Fig. 7 (b).

environment condition classification models, the potential influence of 
fish being in the extracted frames was considered negligible. 

The  12,000  frames  (8  frames  *  1500  videos)  extracted  from  the 
training  and  testing  dataset  were  then used  to  generate  five  different 
data sets using repeated random sub-sampling (see Fig. 4 (2)). Each of 
the  sets  was  further  split  into  a  training/testing  split  of  80/20,  con-
taining 9600 frames for training and 2400 for testing. Five CNN models 

using  the  same  model  architecture  were  then  trained  and  tested.  All 
models were trained over 100 epochs and returned an average loss value 
of  0.0126  with  an  average  accuracy  of  99.3%  during  training  and 
testing. Figures  for the  individual models are provided  in the  supple-
mentary material.

Frames processed per second
Watts

(8) 

Power consumption measurements were performed using software- 
based  monitoring,  when  the  system  supported  it.  Only  MediaTek 
Pumpkin i500 power consumption was measured using a high-precision 
external power meter. 

Fig. 7. Confusion matrices generated during the cross-validation phase of the designed CNN models. (a) The average of confusion matrices of the five CNN models. 
(b) Confusion matrix of the best CNN model that was subsequently used in the next phase of the proposed pipeline.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this deep learning pipeline, the primary data format used is images. Specifically, the pipeline uses frames extracted from videos. These frames are used to train and test five Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models. The goal is to classify these frames into one of six environmental condition classes. It's important to note that the potential influence of fish being in the extracted frames was considered negligible. The validation performance of the best CNN model is presented in a confusion matrix. However, there is no mention of other data formats such as audio, video, or CSV files being used in this particular pipeline.