Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

windows of 100-m, 500-m, or 1-km radii), (ii) the category level (e.g.: 
within thematic covariate categories), and (iii) using all remainders.

We compared the average computation time needed for (i) running 
the overall covariate selection procedure and model fitting steps under 
each of the three main procedures, and (ii) model fitting only. Analyses 
were run using a 10-core central processing unit strategy with AMD® 
EPYC 7402 on the University of Lausanne HPC cluster. 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020804A. Adde et al.

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it is not explicitly mentioned which specific hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. However, it does mention that analyses were run using a 10-core central processing unit (CPU) strategy with AMD EPYC 7402 on the University of Lausanne HPC cluster. This suggests that CPU resources were utilized for the computations involved in the study. Without further information, we cannot definitively state whether GPUs or TPUs were also employed for training the deep learning model.