Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

However, random search without filtering is inefficient. To compensate 
for  the  motion  more  accurately,  an  AdaLAM-based  module  (Cavalli 
et al., 2020) was introduced by integrating local spatial consistency and

As shown in Table 2, the MOTA of the SORT model was much lower 
than that of the Deep SORT model using FENs. In addition, the number 
of IDs allocated by the SORT model exceeded the number of IDs allo-
cated  by  the  Deep  SORT  model.  This  indicates  that  the  FEN  network 
extracts more and richer target information features in the process of

Fischler, M.A., Bolles, R.C., 1981. Random sample consensus: a paradigm for model 

fitting with applications to image analysis and automated cartography. Commun. 
ACM 24 (6), 381–395. 

Gao, S.H., Cheng, M.M., Zhao, K., Zhang, X.Y., Yang, M.H., Torr, P., 2019. Res2net: a new 

multi-scale backbone architecture. IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 43 (2), 
652–662. 

Gao, P., Lu, J., Li, H., Mottaghi, R., Kembhavi, A., 2021. Container: Context aggregation 

network. arxiv preprint arxiv:2106.01401, https://doi.org/10.48550/ 
arXiv.2106.01401. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255616G. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Girshick, R., 2015. Fast r-cnn. In: Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on 

Computer Vision, pp. 1440–1448.

this issue, the state Xk vector of the optimized KF is defined in Eq. (8) and 
the  measurement  vector  Zk  is  given  by  Eq.  (9),  where  k  denotes  a 
moment in a given period. Deep SORT, which takes Q and R as functions 
of  estimated  elements  and  metrics,  generates  a  time-dependent  sum. 
Alternations in the state vector of the improved KF require a constant 
correction  of  the  process  noise  covariance  Qk  and  the  measurement 
noise covariance Rk, as given in Eqs. (10) and (11), respectively:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit details about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that random search without filtering is inefficient, suggesting that some form of optimization or filtering might have been used instead. The paper also discusses the use of an AdaLAM-based module integrated with local spatial consistency, but this doesn't directly address the method of hyperparameter optimization. Unfortunately, based solely on the provided context, we cannot determine whether grid search, random search, or another method was employed for hyperparameter optimization.