Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

coverage  (Fig.  3).  The  commercial  data  were  obtained  during  eleven 
◦
months  covering  a  spatial  range  between  33
S,  compared  to  the 
◦
S, where sampling 
-42
survey data which covered the area between 29
was concentrated in two months (Figs. 1 and 2). 

-39
◦

◦

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024812A. Flores et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig.  1. Spatial  distribution  of  Chilean  hake  fishing  hauls  from  survey  and 
commercial  fishing.  Circles  correspond  to  hauls  with  biological  sampling 
considered for this study. 

and  Fischer  (1981).  Further  details  about  sampling  design  for  com-
mercial and acoustic surveys can be found in Tascheri et al. (2001) and 
Lillo et al. (2005), respectively.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

the commercial data (times in a root = 101, mean minimum depth =
1.8). Krel and longitude were not important predictors in the commer-
cial  fishing data, appearing  as a  root once  and 24  times respectively. 
Month, on the other hand, was clearly less important in the survey data, 
as it had zero occurrences as a root and only formed a split 516 times. 
The differing importance of month and longitude in the commercial and 
survey  data,  is  explicable  by  the  differences  in  temporal  and  spatial

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, the raw data for the deep learning pipeline is collected through both survey and commercial fishing. Survey data is gathered over a shorter period of time, focusing on a specific geographical area, while commercial fishing data covers a larger spatial range and longer duration. Biological samples are taken into consideration for this study. More detailed information regarding the sampling designs for commercial and acoustic surveys can be found in Tascheri et al. (2001) and Lillo et al. (2005), respectively. However, the exact methodology or tools used for gathering these data points, such as sensors or public datasets, are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.