Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

Given unlabelled input data consisting of N samples with F features, 
x âˆˆ â„NÃ—F,  the  probabilistic  encoder  of  a  VAE  maps  the  input  to  the 
posterior density p(z|x) over the latent variable, z âˆˆ â„NÃ—L. In practice, 
L << N and the encoder neural network approximates the true posterior 
density, p(z|x), with a multivariate Gaussian, qÎ¸(z|x) âˆ¼ ğ’© (Î¼Î¸, Ïƒ2
Î¸ ). The 
decoder of a VAE reconstructs the input data from the latent variable 
and is given by the density function pÏ†(x|z). The encoder and decoder 
neural networks are parameterised by Î¸  and Ï†, respectively. The opti-
mization objective of a VAE consists of two competing terms and it can 
be shown to be (Kingma and Welling, 2014)  

â„’VAE = (cid:0) EqÎ¸ [logpÏ†(x|z)] + KL[qÎ¸(z|x)||p(z)]
â„’VAEâ‰œâ„’rec + â„’reg

(1) 

(2)

The trade-off between the two loss terms can have influence on the 
performance of any VAE. A VAE where the reconstruction term domi-
nates might be able to reconstruct the input data well with a latent space 
that might  not be interesting  for the  downstream tasks  (such as clus-
tering). To alleviate this, a simple trick of scaling the regularization term 
â„’rec  was used in  Higgins et al. (2016) resulting in a modified objective: 

â„’Î²(cid:0) VAE = â„’rec + Î²â„’reg.

(3)

2.2. VAEs and Î²-annealing 

Variational  autoencoders  (VAEs)  consist  of  a  regularized  probabi-
listic  encoder-decoder  pair  and  are  some  of  the  most  powerful  repre-
sentation learning methods (Bengio et al., 2013; Kingma and Welling, 
2014). They have seen broad applications in generative modelling and 
unsupervised learning tasks.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the provided context to directly address the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotation, or scaling. However, I can provide some general insights about data augmentation techniques commonly used in deep learning pipelines.

Data augmentation is a strategy employed during training machine learning models to increase the amount of available training data by applying various transformations to existing examples. This technique helps improve the performance and robustness of deep learning models by making them more invariant to certain types of changes in the input data. Some common data augmentation techniques include:

1. Flipping: Horizontally or vertically flipping images can help create new variations of the original image while preserving its content. This technique is particularly useful when dealing with symmetrical objects or scenes.

2. Rotation: Randomly rotating images within a specified range can generate additional training examples. This technique can help improve the model's ability to recognize objects regardless of their orientation.

3. Scaling: Resizing images either uniformly or non-uniformly can introduce variability into the dataset. This technique can help train models that are better equipped to handle objects appearing at different scales.

4. Translation: Shifting images along the horizontal or vertical axes can simulate small movements or displacements of objects within the scene. This technique can enhance the model's capacity to identify objects even if they appear slightly off-center.

5. Noise injection: Adding random noise to images can help desensitize the model to minor perturbations in the input data. This technique can lead to improved generalization capabilities.

6. Color jittering: Modifying the brightness, contrast, saturation, or hue of images can produce diverse color representations of the same object or scene. This technique can aid in developing models that are less sensitive to lighting conditions or color variations.