Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

of standardisation, by focusing on the frequency and abundance of specific taxa, while retaining a recreational 
dive  plan.  Additionally,  the  app  also  collects  metadata  on  location,  number  of  dives  and  number  of  divers 
enabling normalisation based on “sampling effort”. In this pilot study, the use of the app was tested to compile 
information on the frequency and abundance of 18 marine taxa selected by local experts based on their con-
servation  status,  commercial  interest,  ecological  function  and/or  their  non-indigenous  origin.  Additionally,  a 
question-based survey was conducted to assess the opinion of users on the app’s usability and the potential value 
for the diving community/industry, showcasing a high usability score and interest among users. Basic statistical 
analysis of the data crowdsourced over the 1-month trial illustrates the potential and value of regional moni-

2. Methods 

To  test  the  viability  of  a  monitoring  program  using  elements  of 
standardised data collection tailored for recreational SCUBA divers, we 
conducted a trial for three months (July–September 2021) at a SCUBA 
diving centre in Madeira. We used the mobile app Dive Reporter (Radeta 
et al., 2022) (hereinafter referred to as “the app”) as a digital interface 
for a questionnaire survey with SCUBA divers. The app facilitated data 
collection from three dive sites but also served to provide standardised 
elements, including: a pre-established list of taxa curated by experts; a 
five-level abundance scale with species specific scores, the dive site; and 
the collection of effort related metadata for each dive (i.e. dive time and 
number of divers).

Group 

Algae 
Algae 
Algae 
Algae 
Coral 
Coral 
Coral 
Coral 
Mollusc 
Mollusc 
Crustacea 
Ascidea 
Fish 
Fish 
Fish 
Fish 
Reptile 
Mammal  

Weighted normalised abundance = Normalised abundance/Effort  

Effort = Number of divers x Dive time

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not mention any details about a deep learning model or its development process. Therefore, it is impossible to determine what measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of such a model.