Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

species (BirdLife International, 2016, see also Table 1). Among the most 
pressing research priorities identified by the IUCN, there is the very little 
information on the reproductive biology, territoriality, and dispersal of 
the species (BirdLife International, 2016). For example, in Brazil we are 
only  aware  of  one  Nighthawk  egg  collected  in  northern  Brazil  in 
September (Snethlage 1935 in Yoon, 2020) with no more information 
available. Moreover, there is no information regarding the incubation, 
parental care, or nestling development of the species (Cleere and Nur-
ney, 1998; Yoon, 2020).

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

extracted the total number of observations of the species uploaded to 
eBird and the total number of recordings of each species stored in Xeno- 
canto  (http://www.xeno-canto.org).  Xeno-canto  is  a  public,  citizen- 
based,  birdsong  repository.  It  is  a  collaborative  project  dedicated  to 
sharing  (freely  downloadable)  bird  sounds  from  all  over  the  world, 
hosting over 714,000 recordings of 10,300 bird species. The platform 
has  allowed  the  development  of  machine-learning  algorithms  able  to 
automatically identify 3000 bird species by their sound (Wood et al., 
2022)  owing  to  the  large  number  of  labeled  recordings  uploaded  by 
skilled ornithologists. We considered the eBird index as a proxy of bird 
rarefaction, where a lower number of observations could be related to a 
more  restricted  distribution  of  the  species,  while  a  lower  number  of 
recordings  in  Xeno-canto  may  indicate  a  species  with  a  more  limited

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, it mentions that the model was used for automatic identification of bird species based on their sounds using the BirdNET app, which suggests that the model might have been deployed through this application. Additionally, the reference to Wood et al.'s (2022) paper indicates that the authors likely discuss the deployment process in detail within that publication. Unfortunately, without further context or access to the mentioned sources, it is impossible to provide specific information about the exact steps taken during the deployment process.