Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Assessing generalization, transferability, and universal model ﬁt

To assess generalization among sites, we performed three types of
experiments that used diﬀerent combinations for hand-annotations and
pretraining data (Fig. 2). The ﬁrst experiment is to use pretraining and
hand-annotated data to predict the evaluation data from the same site
(‘within-site’). The next setup is to use the pretraining data and hand-
annotated from the same site to predict the evaluation data from a
diﬀerent site (‘cross-site’). For example, using each of the within-site
models, we can test the ability for a model to predict tree conditions in
each of the other geographic sites, creating a matrix of cross-site pre-
dictions. To assess generalization without local pretraining data, we
tested a model training using pretraining data from all other sites, but
hand annotations from the same site as the evaluation data (‘transfer-
learning’). For example, the transfer learning model for Oak Woodland
used the hand-annotations from Oak Woodland, but the pretraining

20%. Given that the sites were selected to be as diﬀerent as possible,
and encompass a range of tree canopy conditions, this result under-
scores the ability of convolutional neural networks to learn ﬂexible
deep features. We expect that as more sites are included, the universal
model will continue to improve. This means that a way forward is to
combine pretraining from as many sites as possible. Given that each
NEON site has millions of trees, and there are dozens of sites with trees
collected annually, there is a possibility of pretraining on continental
scale. Because NEON sites are intended to represent all of the major
biogeographic regions in the United States, this broad scale pre-training
(in combination with existing local training data) has the potential to
reduce the need for new local training data by giving the model the
potential to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees (at
least those within the United States).

2.3. Model evaluation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors took several measures to ensure the generalizability of their deep learning model. They conducted experiments using different combinations of hand-annotations and pretraining data. These experiments included 'within-site', where they used pretraining and hand-annotated data to predict evaluation data from the same site; 'cross-site', where they used pretraining data and hand-annotations from one site to predict evaluation data from another site; and 'transfer-learning', where they tested a model trained using pretraining data from all other sites, but hand annotations from the same site as the evaluation data.

They found that the models had a high accuracy rate of around 80%, even when applied across different sites. This was significant given that the sites were chosen to be as diverse as possible, representing a wide range of tree canopy conditions. This underscored the flexibility of convolutional neural networks in learning deep features.

Furthermore, the authors suggested that as more sites are included, the universal model would continue to improve. They proposed combining pretraining from as many sites as possible, which could potentially lead to continent-scale pretraining. Since NEON sites are designed to represent all major biogeographic regions in the US, such broad-scale pretraining could reduce the need for new local training data by enabling the model to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees within the country.