Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

our study, is due to the deep learning method’s loss function, which is 
biased toward overrepresented classes. This represents a performance 
barrier for any study using semantic segmentation with few images and 
high class-imbalance.

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

Since the multi-class (i.e. 10 classes) semantic segmentation problem 
is quite complex, the set of 290 training images was found to be insuf-
ficient to obtain satisfactory results, even with the use of the transfer 
learning framework. Therefore, we employed data augmentation stra-
tegies to increase the training set size fourfold: horizontal flip, Gaussian 
noise  addition,  and  contrast  reduction.  The  first  two  augmentation 
strategies are fairly common. The contrast reduction strategy was spe-
cifically motivated by our application, namely given that we expect the 
images  to  contain  shadows  occluding  the  vegetation  types,  contrast 
reduction helps to simulate areas of low lighting which can be expected 
in the dataset.

Unsurprisingly,  estimates  of  percent  ground  cover  from  manually 
segmented photos were not strongly correlated with field-measured fuel 
loads (r < 0.77). Nonetheless, our results were still statistically signifi-
cant and suggest that in situations where rapid, unbiased field sampling 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016588H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 7. Samples of raw nadir photographs, manual segmentation and predicted segmentation from our trained deep convolutional neural network.  

techniques take priority over more accurate measurements, nadir pho-
tographs  can  adequately  describe  forest  floor  attributes.  Although 
promising, segmenting photos manually was labor intensive and there-
fore costly.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention specific techniques such as stratified splitting, oversampling, or undersampling to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, it does discuss the use of data augmentation strategies to increase the training set size fourfold. These strategies include horizontal flipping, adding Gaussian noise, and reducing contrast. While these methods do not directly target class imbalances, they help improve model robustness and generalization by increasing the diversity of the training data. Additionally, the authors acknowledge the challenge posed by high class-imbalance in their study, suggesting that diverse data collection could potentially mitigate this issue.