Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

it an ideal solution to large amounts of data. Manual analysis of a vast 
dataset is time-consuming for experts. Automating this task saves a lot of 
time and enables monitoring to be used on a larger scale, (Rustia et al., 
2021;  Schneider  et  al.,  2022;  Spiesman  et  al.,  2021),  helping  to 
compensate for the small number of taxonomists especially for data that 
can be complex to analyze like images (Minaee et al., 2021) or videos 
(Liu  et  al.,  2020).  The  use  of  deep  learning  in  computer  vision  for 
ecology has dramatically improved in the past few years, the PlantCLEF 
challenges are a good example (Waldchen and Mader, 2018). Every year 
it provides a large and complex image dataset to uncover and evaluate 
state-of-the-art machine learning models, and every year the result of 
the identification performance improves despite the task becoming more 
complex. By identifying the most frequent and common species of Col-

approach in computer vision, consistently demonstrating superior per-
formance  across  various  tasks  and  benchmarks.  The  use  of  machine 
learning in ecology is not new (Crisci et al., 2012), it already has been 
used for tasks such as ecological modeling (Recknagel, 2001), the study 
of animal behavior (Arablouei et al., 2023), and species identification 
(Waldchen and Mader, 2018). What makes deep learning such a growing 
field is the recent availability of powerful hardware and large amounts 
of  training  data.  By  learning  from  the  given  example  deep  learning 
models can extract important features and resolve a task without being 
specifically programmed to resolve it (LeCun et al., 2015), which makes

relevant regions within the images. ROI pooling aids in the selection and 
analysis  of  specific  image  regions  for  accurate  object  classification.  2 
different  versions  of  Faster  R-CNN  were  created  for  the  benchmark, 
Faster R-CNN (640) with an input dimension of 640 × 640 and Faster R- 
CNN (1280) with an input dimension of 1280 × 1280. They both used 
Resnet50 as a backbone, have 41 m parameters, and are pre-trained on 
ImageNet.  Both  those  dimensions  were  chosen  to  match  the  Yolov5 
input dimensions. Still, after multiple tests, the 640-version had incon-
clusive results. This can be explained by the important features being too 
small using this resolution for Faster R-CNN. Only the 1280 version was 
used in the benchmark.

evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning techniques over the identification of Collembola on a 
new manually annotated dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention any information about the platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide an answer based on the given context.