Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This   rising   number   of   digitised   herbarium   sheets   provides   an   opportunity   to   employ
computer-based   image   processing   techniques,   such   as   deep   learning,   to   automatically
identify species and higher taxa (Carranza-Rojas et al. 2017, Younis et al. 2018, Carranza-
Rojas   et   al.   2018)   or   to   extract   other   useful   information   from   the   images,   such   as   the
presence   of   pathogens   (as   done   for   live   plant   photos   by   Mohanty   et   al.   2016).   Deep
learning is a subset of machine learning methods for learning data representation. Deep
learning   techniques   require   huge   amounts   of   training   data   to   learn   the   features   and
representation of those data for the specified task by fine tuning parameters of hundreds or
thousands of neural networks, arranged in multiple layers. Learning the value of these
parameters can take vast computer and time resources, especially on huge datasets.

https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.8.e57090 

Abstract

As   herbarium   specimens   are   increasingly   becoming   digitised   and   accessible   in   online
repositories, advanced computer vision techniques are being used to extract information
from them. The presence of certain plant organs on herbarium sheets is useful information
in various scientific contexts and automatic recognition of these organs will help mobilise
such information. In our study, we use deep learning to detect plant organs on digitised
herbarium   specimens   with   Faster   R-CNN.   For   our   experiment,   we   manually   annotated
hundreds   of   herbarium   scans   with   thousands   of   bounding   boxes   for   six   types   of   plant
organs and used them for training and evaluating the plant organ detection model. The
model worked particularly well on leaves and stems, while flowers were also present in
large numbers in the sheets, but were not equally well recognised.

Keywords

plant organs from digitised herbarium scans using deep learning. Biodiversity Data Journal 8: e57090. 

https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.8.e57090 

Abstract

Marco   Schmidt  is   botanist   at   Senckenberg   Biodiversity   and   Climate   Research   Center
(SBIK-F)   with   a   focus   on   African   savannahs   and   biodiversity   informatics   (e.g.   online
databases like African Plants - a photo guide and West African vegetation) and is working
at Palmengarten’s scientific service, curating living collections and collection databases.
Contributions: concept of study, annotation and verification of herbarium scans, preparation
of the manuscript.

Claus   Weiland  is   theoretical   biologist   at   SBIK-F’s   Data   &   Modelling   Centre   with   main
interests in graph neural networks and bio-ontologies. Contributions: Design of the GPU
platform, data analysis and preparation of the manuscript.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this research. Therefore, I cannot provide the exact link to the source code repository. However, it is common practice for researchers to share their code and models publicly, often through platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. To find the relevant code repository, consider searching for the authors' names or keywords related to the paper on these platforms. Alternatively, visit the authors' personal websites or contact them directly via email to request access to the code repository.