Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

hours per cell where the stock occurs: 

where C is the total number of cells; fah|s(c) is the number of fishing 
hours in cell c associated with stock s; associated(c, s) is a function that 
returns 1 if cell c is associated with stock s and 0 otherwise. 

Considering FP|s  as a  statistical variable over  the  stocks, its distri-
bution can be heuristically approximated with a log-normal distribution. 
Thus, the confidence intervals of this distribution can be used to classify 
stocks as subject to a high/medium/low fishing pressure: 

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013849G. Coro et al.

multi-resolution  decision  approach  is  usually  effective  in  these  cases 
(Magliozzi  et  al.,  2019).  Another  aspect  of  our  approach  is  that  the 
statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant, 
and the analysis resolution is suited to the study area. Thus, the user 
should provide statistically significant data and use the most appropriate 
spatial resolution for the analysis. These considerations relate to general 
issues  with FAIR  data and  big data processing: easy access  to a  large 
amount of data comes at the expense of a low guarantee of data quality 
and completeness. The precision of our workflow's output depends on (i) 
the  completeness  of  the  input  vessel  data,  (ii)  the  update  rate  of  the 
GRSF, (iii) the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, 
and (iv) the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. 
However, our first and second case studies have demonstrated that our

3.  One table reporting the list of species possibly involved in the fishing 
activities. For each species, the table specifies: (i) taxonomic infor-
mation,  (ii)  the  number  of  occurrence  records  in  the  fishing  loca-
tions, (iii) the total fishing hours in the observation locations, (iv) if 
the species is a stock in the study area, (v) if the species is threatened 
according to the IUCN Red List, and (vi) if the species is potentially 
highly impacted by the fishing activity. 

The  next  sections  explain  the  computational  details  and  the  input 

parameter roles. 

Three additional input parameters are required, which are used to 

keep the analysis consistent:  

2.1. Classifying vessel activity 

• Spatial  Resolution:  The  spatial  aggregation  of  the  data  analysis. 

◦
Default value is 0.5

;  

• Minimum  Number  of  Records:  The  minimum  number  of  species

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no mention of how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized in the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether they were optimized using methods such as grid search or random search.