Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

During the DeepLabV3+ model training process, feeding large-size 
images directly to the network may lead to memory overflow. There-
fore, it is necessary to cut all remote sensing images and semantic labels 
of land cover classes into a series of regular image blocks for input. To 
maximize the sample size and maintain consistency with the cropping 
approach in the model prediction stage, we set the cropping size to 32 ×
32  pixels  with  a  redundancy  rate  of  0.5.  In  continuing,  70%  of  the 
dataset  was  used  for  training  and  the  remaining  for  validation.  The 
training set was enhanced by: (i) Flipping the images and labels along 
the X or Y axis; (ii) Exchanging between multiple image channels while 
the  labels remain unchanged; (iii)  Randomly rotating  the images and 
◦
labels by 90
; and (iv) randomly adding noise to the 
images  while  maintaining  the  labels  unchanged  (Ye  et  al.,  2022).

, and 270

, 180

◦

◦

MRS_DeepLabV3+ integrates  the  classification  results  (in  TIF 
format) predicted by the DeepLabV3+ algorithm and the segmentation 
results (in SHP format) obtained from MRS using Python programming 
language. The main specific steps of this approach have been provided in 
the following: First, let us count the number of pixels of each category in 
the current segmentation object area. After that, we select the category 
with the largest area. Finally, assign the largest category to the current 
object. The multiple classification models were then constructed based 
on MRS_DeepLabV3+ (Table 3). 

Table 3 
Detailed information on the classification models.  

Class 

Amount  Model 

Sensor 

Spatial 
resolution 
(m) 

Hierarchy of 
spatial 
resolution 

UAV image 
models 

7 

Satellite 
image 
models 

7 

UAV_2m 
UAV_2.1 
m 
UAV_2.5 
m 
UAV_5.8 
m 
UAV_8m 
UAV_10m 
UAV_16m 

GF1_2m 

ZY3_2.1 
m 
ZY1_2.5 
m 
ZY3_5.8 
m 

GF1_8m 

ZY1_10m 

GF1_16m 

P4M

3.1. DeepLabV3+ algorithm 

DeepLabV3+ is a CNN algorithm for semantic segmentation, which 
is the latest version of the DeepLab algorithms family (Scepanovic et al., 
2021).  In  the  encoding  stage,  DeepLabV3+ introduces  dilated  convo-
lutions,  which expands  the  receptive field  without losing information 
(Fig.  3).  The  Atrous  spatial  pyramid  pooling  module  with  dilated 
convolution  has  been  mainly  designed  to  appropriately  incorporate 
multi-scale information. During decoding, it is capable of enhancing the 
accuracy  of  segmentation  boundaries  by  further  integrating  low-level 
features with high-level features (Liu et al., 2021a).

DeepLabV3+ algorithm was developed by the PyTorch (1.12.1) li-
brary,  using  the  Python  (3.9)  programming  language  in  the  present 
investigation. Xception was chosen as the backbone network (Li et al., 
2022),  and  dilated  convolutions  with  different  dilation  rates  were 
employed for feature extraction. The selected loss function was Cross-
EntropyLoss with an initial learning rate of 0.001, a batch size of 4, and 
epochs  of  150  (Zhang  et  al.,  2022).  In  selecting  the  optimizer  and 
learning rate adjustment strategies, this study compared the SGD and 
Adam algorithms and experimented approach with various strategies, 
including  StepLR,  CosineAnnealingLR,  and  ReduceLROnPlateau. 
Finally, it was found that utilizing Adam in combination with Reduc-
eLROnPlateau could accelerate the convergence rate of model training 
and effectively reduce the risk of overfitting. The operating principle of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning pipeline described uses two types of data formats: TIF (Tagged Image File Format) and SHP (Shapefile). The TIF format is used for storing raster graphics and images, specifically for the classification results predicted by the DeepLabV3+ algorithm. On the other hand, the SHP format is employed for vector data storage, such as the segmentation results obtained from MRS (Multi-Resolution Segmentation). These formats are commonly used in geospatial applications and remote sensing analysis.