Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Acknowledgments 

The training and data handling were enabled by resources provided 
by the National Academic Infrastructure for Supercomputing in Sweden 
(NAISS) at Chalmers Centre for Computational Science and Engineering 
(C3SE),  High  Performance  Computing  Center  North  (HPC2N)  and 
Uppsala Multidisciplinary Center for Advanced Computational Science 
(UPPMAX) partially funded by the Swedish Research Council through 
grant  agreement  no.  2022-06725.  The  authors  wish  to  thank  Lund 
University  research  infrastructure  Correlative  Image  Processing  and 
Analysis for machine learning-related consultations. The work for A.S. is

include  flip, rotations  and  affine  transformation. We  then  trained the 
same dataset with ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 
500 epochs. It is worth noting that the selection of image augmentations 
is  of  crucial  importance  to  improve  training  performance.  Multiply, 
linear  contrast,  sharpen,  emboss,  flip  in  horizontal  and  vertical  di-
rections,  rotations  and  affine  transformation  were  used  for  heavy 
augmentation.

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

√
̅̅̅
ρ

Table 1 
Benchmarks (in percentage) of our best model without post image processing. 
Minimum detection confidence scores 0.7 is used.  

Iou threshold = 0.5 

Greenland 

Sweden 

Average precision 
Average recall 

90% 
94% 

91% 
95% 

Kenya 

89% 
96%  

more the index of aggregation approaches zero. 

3. Results 

3.1. Bacterial abundance

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, it does mention the use of various image augmentation techniques such as flip, rotations, affine transformations, multiply, linear contrast, sharpen, emboss, etc. These techniques can be used to increase the diversity of the training data and potentially reduce any inherent bias present in the original dataset. Additionally, the text mentions the use of ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 500 epochs, which could also help mitigate data bias. Nevertheless, other common techniques like stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.