Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The implementation of the CNN classiﬁer was done in Python
programming language (https://www.python.org/), using the
Keras high level deep learning library (https://keras.io/), and Ten-
sorFlow with graphical processing unit (GPU) execution as the
back-end engine (https://www.tensorﬂow.org/). The regions of
the images most informative for the decision making process in
the deep learning model were visualized using Gradient-
weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM; (Selvaraju et al.,
2017)). As an output, heatmaps were generated that indicated
important aspects of the each head capsule used to determine
the taxonomic decision-making process of the model.

3. Results

3.1. Classiﬁcation results

Fig. 2. Architecture of the proposed CNN model, where input images of 512x512
pixels with 3 colour channels are transformed into a 2048 feature vector that is
subject to classiﬁcation using the fully connected layer. A normalized exponential
function (softmax) then takes the input vector and normalizes it into a probability
distribution to determine the probability for each class.

CNN, while the remaining 20% were used for validation of the
model. The 80:20 split of the image data was carried out per cate-
gory (chironomid taxa), where each ﬁfth image was chosen for the
validation dataset (Table 1).

4. Discussion

In previous studies, deep learning neural networks were applied
to a wide variety of animal taxa (zooplankton, macroinvertebrates,
corals, ﬁshes, insects, and even mammals), where careful selection
of network architecture has substantially diminished the level of
classiﬁcation error compared to human identiﬁcations (Wäldchen
and Mäder, 2018). For example, Cheng et al. (2017) demonstrated
an error of only 1.3% obtained in a model based on 10 species and
55 specimens per species of pest insects using ResNet-101.
Raitoharju et al. (2016) showed a higher error for macroinverte-
brates (14.4%) but with a different network architecture and more
complex image dataset (higher number of classes/taxa). The vari-
ability of accuracy between CNN models appears to be due to three

6

D. Miloševic´ et al. / Science of the Total Environment 711 (2020) 135160

factors: network architecture, protocol type of image acquisition
(Martineau et al., 2017), and robustness of input matrix (number
of entities and replicates). Our choice to use a ResNet-50 network
architecture, in combination with transfer learning, data augmen-
tation, and dropout proved appropriate for the current number of
taxa in our demonstration dataset. ResNet-50 network architecture
represents a midsize solution in the ResNet palette (18, 34, 50, 101,
152 layers) that combines both representation power and lower
complexity that allows relatively fast training of the models. How-
ever, the protocol for image acquisition inﬂuences the complexity
of features, which will be processed by CNNs. Controlled object
position during the collection of images can also govern the level
of feature variability. Our dataset was constructed under the lab-
based protocol of image acquisition with fully controlled position
of the larvae (ventral point of view). This was not the case in pre-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is for classification. The model uses a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifier implemented in Python programming language using Keras and TensorFlow libraries. The model transforms input images into a 2048 feature vector that is subject to classification using a fully connected layer. The normalized exponential function (softmax) then determines the probability for each class. The model aims to classify chironomid taxa from images of their head capsules. The dataset was divided into 80% for training and 20% for validation, maintaining a balanced distribution across categories. The study compares its approach to other works that have applied deep learning neural networks to various animal taxa, highlighting the importance of selecting an appropriate network architecture and protocol for image acquisition. In this case, the authors chose a ResNet-50 network architecture combined with transfer learning, data augmentation, and dropout techniques.