Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

7 of 29

The quantity of training data derived from ground data collection in 2018 was limited.
A U-Net implemented with Keras produced a low training and testing accuracy with
segmentation results on testing data differing between repetitions. Implementing a U-Net
model within the arcgis.learn module of the ArcGIS API for Python [39] removed the
requirement for a quantitatively massive dataset. Additionally, the U-Net implemented
through argis.learn is pretrained on ImageNet to further improve classiﬁcation accuracies.
This reduces the time and resources spent on ground truth data collection. Hyperparameter
tuning was done to select the best U-Net model [31,34,40]. Based on hyperparameter
optimization, it was found that the best model uses an input patch size of 64 × 64 pixels
and a ResNet-50 backbone [31,34,40].

2.4. Support Vector Machine (SVM)

the U-Net model is the labeling of each pixel in the training data. Abundant data are needed
for training deep neural networks of at least 1000 image samples. In such cases, a pretrained
network can reduce the amount of training data needed [47]. The U-Net implemented
within arcgis.learn had a ResNet-50 backbone that was pretrained on ImageNet.

a batch normalization layer after hidden layer 2 increased the testing accuracy of the model. These additional layers—dropout and batch normalization—reduce the over-fitting of the model on the training data and increase generalization on testing data. The hyperparameters in this network—the learning rate, number of epochs, and batch size—were further tuned such that the testing accuracy and the kappa were the best among all models. The optimized hyperparameter values for learning rate and batch size were 0.007 and 48, respectively.  Figure 4. Network architecture implemented for the Deep Neural Network (DNN) model along with the number of neurons that were optimized for each hidden layer. The output layer contains 11 neurons, corresponding to the number of classes to be classified. 2.7. Accuracy Assessment To compare the accuracy of various models independent testing data, i.e., same for all models, is used for model evaluation. The confusion/error matrix and subsequent met-rics are

worldwide should consider the needs of the local human population. As such, future conservation efforts by the MFG include improving human health and recognizing the importance of people-oriented strategies in order to provide cash crops and a sustainable food source for the locals. Machine/deep learning has been far advanced in some application domains; how-ever, challenges exist for remote sensing applications especially for tropical forest moni-toring due to in part the lack of sufficient training data representing various biomes and forest types globally that must be manually created and in part the challenges of manag-ing and analyzing big satellite data at the global scale. We presented a fully automated deep learning model in this paper which can be applied to any part of the world. Taking Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3495

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention specific datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it mentions that the U-Net model implemented within arcgis.learn had a ResNet-50 backbone that was pretrained on ImageNet. This suggests that ImageNet was used during the pretraining phase of the model. Furthermore, the text also states that abundant data are needed for training deep neural networks, implying that large datasets similar to those mentioned above might have been utilized. However, without explicit information about the exact datasets used, we cannot definitively state which ones were employed in the deep learning pipeline.