Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

to analyze and estimate these variables at global scale, over most of the 
Earth forest surface specially in remote areas where no local LiDAR data 
are  available  and  where  the  vertical  structure  of  the  forest  is  very 
complex and poorly understood (Burns et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline for creating the high-resolution Canopy Height Model (CHM) of the Earth (Lang10m) using Sentinel-2 optical images and a deep learning approach (convolutional neural networks). However, common regularization techniques used in deep learning include dropout, L1 regularization, and L2 regularization. Dropout randomly sets a fraction rate of input units to 0 at each update during training time, helping to prevent overfitting. L1 regularization adds a penalty equal to the absolute value of the magnitude of coefficients, while L2 regularization adds a penalty equal to the square of the magnitude of coefficients. These penalties discourage complex models, effectively preventing overfitting. Without explicit mentions in the given context, it cannot be confirmed if these or other regularization methods were employed in the creation of Lang10m.