Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

P100 GPU (16 GB of VRAM memory). The Colab notebook was also set 
to “high RAM session” to avoid memory limitations that could interrupt 
the training process.

Some model parameters were modified from the default configura-
tion to balance use of resources and training speed. We retained a res-
olution of 704 × 704, batch size 64, 32 subdivisions and trained up to 
6000 iterations. Other parameters were kept to default or set according 
to guidance by the developers (https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet). 
Manual annotations were used to generate training, validation and 
testing  datasets.  Biigle  annotations  (label  name,  centre  x,  center  y, 

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017863N. Piechaud and K.L. Howell

Training  the  CNN  took  approximately  18  h  to  complete  the  6000 
iterations. Measuring the accuracy of the different CNNs and the effect of 
different confidence thresholds took several hours but could be further 
automated. Predictions on the 58,148 images took approximately 10 h 
however  the  training  and  predictions  phases  do  not  require  constant 
supervision and can be performed overnight or while the analysist is free 
to attend to other tasks. Finally, the calculation-intensive nature of the 
training, and to a lesser extent, prediction phases makes their duration 
largely  dependent  on  the  hardware  used  and  thus  may  vary  between 
users. Overall, the whole pipeline could be completed within one or two 
weeks (10 days) once the analysists are familiar with it. 

4. Discussion

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017864N. Piechaud and K.L. Howell                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

3. Results 

3.3. Size-abundance relationship 

3.1. Model evaluation and selection 

The number of iterations for which the CNN was trained has a strong 
influence on its performances as well as on the confidence it gives to its 
predictions (Fig. 2). In general, longer model training past 1000 itera-
tions tended to give higher recall but lower precision.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
A P100 GPU with 16GB of VRAM memory was used for training the deep learning model. Additionally, the Colab notebook was set to high RAM sessions to prevent any potential memory limitations during the training process.