Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

now feasible to continuously collect training pictures and routinely 

lenges presented here, among others.

re-train a CNN using updated training data.

Having large datasets will allow optimizing performance of CNNs 

The arrival of new individuals to the study population is another 

as  well  as  identifying  the  relative  performance  of  alternative  solu-

challenge  that  needs  to  be  carefully  addressed.  If  these  new  birds 

tions. Other network architectures (e.g. ResNet; He, Zhang, Ren, & 

are  marked  with  a  PIT-tag,  the  CNN  could  be  updated  similarly  to 

Sun,  2016)  and  different  hyper-parameters  settings  (e.g.  learning 

the  problem  of  changes  in  appearance  discussed  above.  However, 

rate)  than  the  ones  used  here  can  yield  different,  and  potentially 

in many cases new individuals will not be marked. Such a problem 

improved,  results.  Other  deep  learning  methods  approaches  could

learning methods such as CNN.

hold would result in discarding 77% of the images of birds present in 

The  most  powerful  aspect  of  CNNs  is  that  they  can  provide  a 

the training dataset.

4 |  D I S C U S S I O N

generalized identification solution. However, the capacity for a CNN 

to work effectively across contexts will be affected by variation in 

the recording conditions, for example due to light intensity, shadow 

or characteristics inherent to the recording quality. One solution to 

this is to ensure that the training dataset contains sufficient variation 

Deep  learning  has  the  potential  to  revolutionize  the  way  in  which 

to capture the broad range of contexts that the CNN is required for. 

researchers identify individuals. Here we propose a practical way of 

Photographing the animals across different times of the day and in 

collecting large labelled datasets, which is currently the main bottle-

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

VGG19 CNN network (i.e. the classifier part) was replaced by layers 

& Mazurowski, 2018). Oversampling was therefore restricted to the 

with random weights that fit our particular task of interest and the 

training dataset and not applied to the validation dataset in order to 

corresponding number of classes (i.e. number of different individu-

avoid  overestimating  the  model's  learning  progress.  For  both  spe-

als; Figure S1).

cies, in order to limit overfitting caused by having very similar pic-

To further increase our training sample, we then used a data aug-

tures  in  the  training  and  validation  datasets,  we  used  images  from 

mentation procedure. This procedure consists of artificially increas-

different  days  in  our  training  and  validation  datasets.  In  total,  we 

ing the sample size by applying transformations to an existing set of 

constructed a dataset of sociable weavers containing 27,038 unique

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The text does not explicitly mention specific data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotation, or scaling. However, it mentions that a data augmentation procedure was employed to artificially increase the sample size by applying transformations to an existing set of images. Data augmentation techniques typically involve creating modified versions of the original images through various transformations, including but not limited to flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, and adjusting brightness or contrast. These techniques help improve the generalization capabilities of deep learning models by exposing them to diverse variations of input data during training.