Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

our study, is due to the deep learning method’s loss function, which is 
biased toward overrepresented classes. This represents a performance 
barrier for any study using semantic segmentation with few images and 
high class-imbalance.

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

Unsurprisingly,  estimates  of  percent  ground  cover  from  manually 
segmented photos were not strongly correlated with field-measured fuel 
loads (r < 0.77). Nonetheless, our results were still statistically signifi-
cant and suggest that in situations where rapid, unbiased field sampling 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016588H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 7. Samples of raw nadir photographs, manual segmentation and predicted segmentation from our trained deep convolutional neural network.  

techniques take priority over more accurate measurements, nadir pho-
tographs  can  adequately  describe  forest  floor  attributes.  Although 
promising, segmenting photos manually was labor intensive and there-
fore costly.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information on the specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the estimates of percent ground cover from manually segmented photos were not strongly correlated with field-measured fuel loads, suggesting that some form of correlation or agreement metric may have been used to compare these values. Additionally, the text notes that the results were statistically significant, indicating that hypothesis testing may also have been employed. Without further information, it cannot be determined whether other common evaluation metrics such as accuracy, precision, or recall were utilized.