Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027032Y. Guan et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 1. Sampling sites in the Erhai watershed, Yunan Province, China. EH: Lake Erhai, located in Dali, Yunnan Province, China’s seventh-largest freshwater lake; 
CBH: Lake Cibi, one of the upstream inflows of Lake Erhai as the major source; XH: Lake Xihu, the plateau freshwater lake located between EH and CBH. The red 
crosses represent the sampling sites. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

complexity of CDOM, the concentration of CDOM was expressed using 
the  absorption  coefficient  at  254  nm  (Song  et  al.,  2019;  Wei  et  al., 
2019a).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Spectral characteristics of dissolved organic matter in Plateau Lakes: 
Identifying eutrophication indicators in Southwest China

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Study area 

The Erhai watershed is located in Dali Prefecture, Yunnan Province, 
China, It includes Lake Erhai (EH), Lake Cibi (CBH), Lake Xihu (XH) as 
well  as  the  Luoshi,  Yong’an,  and  Miju  Rivers.  The  main  lake  of  the 
watershed is Lake Erhai, the second-largest lake in southwestern China, 
which has an average depth of 10.5 m and covers an area of 249.8 km2. 
The Erhai watershed contains 117 rivers and streams, including the Miju 
River, Yong’an River, and Luoshi River, and lakes such as Lake Erhai, 
Lake Cibi, and Lake Xihu. In the northern part of Lake Erhai, Lake Cibi, 
and Lake Xihu are respectively fed by rivers including the Miju River, 
Luoshi River, and Yong’an River before flowing into Lake Erhai. Lake 
Cibi and Lake Xihu are the sources of Lake Erhai and are smaller in size. 
The expansion of tourists and residential pollution present problems for 
the western portion of Lake Erhai. 

2.2. Field sampling and sample collection

Due  to  the  increased  complexity  of  the  interactions  between  vari-
ables,  the  selection  of  important  variables  becomes  challenging.  The 
LASSO model was used for variable selection and statistical regulariza-
tion to enhance the prediction accuracy of the model (Mukherjee et al., 
2019). This model states that the impact of nutrient and environmental 
factors on FDOM varies with trophic state. Previous research conducted 
on the Inner Mongolia Plateau has validated the strong positive corre-
lations between the optical properties of DOM and the TSI, suggesting 
that  DOM  is  influenced  by  nutrient  variation  (Wen  et  al.,  2016). 
Regardless of the trophic state, pH consistently correlates with FDOM, 
with the highest pH values found under light-eutrophic conditions. Prior 
research indicated that pH significantly influences DOM photolysis rates 
and absorbance (Timko et al., 2015). pH is also the environmental driver

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository where the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.