Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection and processing

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

(4) 

A  comprehensive  explanation  of  additional  statistics,  such  as  the 
decomposition of individual MI (Eqs. 5 and 6) as well as individual es-
timates of U, S, and R (Eqs. 7, 8, 9, and 10) involved in the generation of 
process networks is provided in the Supplementary text (1.1 Method). 
TPINet  effectively  works  when  there  are  at  least  200  data  points 
(Goodwell  and  Kumar,  2017a).  This  approach  can reveal  interactions 
occurring on hourly to daily time scales over several-day-time windows. 
Studies  employing  an  information  theory-based  transfer  entropy 
approach for network generation, with datasets at sub-hourly and sub- 
daily scales, have consistently provided robust results (Goodwell et al., 
2018; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017a; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017b).

We  used  a  TIPNet-based  process  network  approach  and  identified 
causal  links  between  variables  in  the  pine-dominated  ecosystem.  We 
considered a maximum memory duration of the variables up to 6 h to 
focus on sub-daily scale processes. Similar to Supplementary Fig. 4, we 
computed the contributions of 6-h variability to within-week variability 
(for each week), and the results are shown in Fig. 3. NEE has variance 
ratios around 20–40% across 104 weeks with relatively high values in 
DJF; hence, the sub-daily signals cannot be ignored. The total variability 
is highly modulated by sub-daily variabilities of SH, LH, NEE, WS, and P, 
whereas such contributions are poor for VPD, RE, NSR, and RH. Inter-
estingly, the variability of TA is impacted by sub-daily variabilities only 
in  the  monsoon  season,  possibly  due  to  the  influence  of  P  in  the 
ecosystem.  Therefore,  the  present  study  shows  the  sub-daily  scale  in-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. It mentions using a TPINet-based process network approach and considering a maximum memory duration of the variables up to 6 hours to focus on sub-daily scale processes. However, it does not discuss any optimization techniques like grid search or random search for tuning the hyperparameters of the model. Therefore, based on the provided context, I do not know how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized.