Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

function to ignore a certain class. These annotations are made manually, 
using special software, and consume large amounts of time. For model 
development  there  are  many  well  established  collections  of  image 
datasets for the training and evaluation of the models, such as ImageNet

had a much smaller image data set of 41 images. Second, we did not use 
any additional hyperspectral image information. And third, we trained 
our  model  not  only  to  detect  bright  lichens  for  instance,  but  to  also 
distinguish many different biocrust taxa in order to perform an accurate 
analysis of the studied areas.

Adam optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2017). The training was performed 
using a cross validation on the training data set with 80% training data 
and 20% validation data. To enhance the model performance the data 
was augmented using different spatial image transformations as well as 
color transformations.

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions the use of the Adam optimizer, which is an algorithm used for stochastic gradient descent based optimization of machine learning models. This suggests that some form of optimization technique was employed during the training process. Unfortunately, without further specifics regarding the methodology or results, it cannot be definitively stated whether grid search, random search, or another approach was utilized for hyperparameter tuning.

Reference(s):
[Kingma, Diederik P., and Jimmy Ba. "Adam: A method for stochastic optimization." International Conference on Learning Representations. 2015.]