Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2

Here, we showcase a full why-what-how workflow in R using a case study on the structure of an
ecological community (a set of co-occurring species) composed of the Eurasian lynx (Lynx lynx)
and its two main preys. First, we introduce the case study and motivate the need for deep learning.
Second we illustrate deep learning for the identification of animal species in large amounts of images,
including model training and validation with a dataset of labelled images, and prediction with a
new dataset of unlabelled images. Last, we proceed with the quantification of spatial co-occurrence
using statistical models.

2 Collecting images with camera traps

Then we get the model architecture. For the sake of illustration, we use a resnet18 here, but we used
a resnet50 to get the full results presented in the main text.

learn <- cnn_learner(dls = dls,

arch = resnet18(),
metrics = list(accuracy, error_rate))

Now we are ready to train our model. Again, for the sake of illustration, we use only 2 epochs here,
but used 20 epochs to get the full results presented in the main text. With all pictures and a resnet50,
it took 75 minutes per epoch approximatively on a Mac with a 2.4Ghz processor and 64Go memory,
and less than half an hour on a machine with GPU. On this reduced dataset, it took a bit more than
a minute per epoch on the same Mac. Note that we save the model after each epoch for later use.

one_cycle <- learn %>%

fit_one_cycle(2, cbs = SaveModelCallback(every_epoch = TRUE,

fname = 'model'))

0.00%

train_loss

epoch
------ -----------
Epoch
1/2
|
Epoch
|
Epoch
|
Epoch
|

valid_loss
-----------
:
[0/36
:
[1/36
:
[2/36
:
[3/36

Paszke, Adam, Sam Gross, Francisco Massa, Adam Lerer, James Bradbury, Gregory Chanan, Trevor
Killeen, et al. 2019. “PyTorch: An Imperative Style, High-Performance Deep Learning Li-
brary.” In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 32, edited by H. Wallach, H.
Larochelle, A. Beygelzimer, F. dAlché-Buc, E. Fox, and R. Garnett, 8024–35. Curran Associates,
Inc. http://papers.neurips.cc/paper/9015-pytorch-an-imperative-style-high-performance-deep-
learning-library.pdf.

Rota, Christopher T., Marco A. R. Ferreira, Roland W. Kays, Tavis D. Forrester, Elizabeth L. Kalies,

27

William J. McShea, Arielle W. Parsons, and Joshua J. Millspaugh. 2016. “A Multispecies Occu-
pancy Model for Two or More Interacting Species.” Methods in Ecology and Evolution 7 (10):
1164–73. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12587.

Deep learning is used in computer vision problems with important applications in several
scientific fields. In ecology for example, there is a growing interest in deep learning for autom-
atizing repetitive analyses on large amounts of images, such as animal species identification.
However, there are challenging issues toward the wide adoption of deep learning by the commu-
nity of ecologists. First, there is a programming barrier as most algorithms are written in Python
while most ecologists are versed in R. Second, recent applications of deep learning in ecology
have focused on computational aspects and simple tasks without addressing the underlying eco-
logical questions or carrying out the statistical data analysis to answer these questions. Here, we
showcase a reproducible R workflow integrating both deep learning and statistical models using
predator-prey relationships as a case study. We illustrate deep learning for the identification of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model in this context is not explicitly stated, however, based on the information provided, it can be inferred that the model is being used for image classification. This is evident from the fact that the authors mention using the model for identifying animal species in large amounts of images. Additionally, they specify using metrics like accuracy and error rate which are commonly used for evaluating the performance of classification models. Furthermore, the authors state that they used a ResNet architecture, which is often employed for image recognition tasks. Therefore, it can be concluded that the deep learning model is primarily intended for classifying images into different categories, specifically for identifying various animal species in this scenario.