Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

extracted the total number of observations of the species uploaded to 
eBird and the total number of recordings of each species stored in Xeno- 
canto  (http://www.xeno-canto.org).  Xeno-canto  is  a  public,  citizen- 
based,  birdsong  repository.  It  is  a  collaborative  project  dedicated  to 
sharing  (freely  downloadable)  bird  sounds  from  all  over  the  world, 
hosting over 714,000 recordings of 10,300 bird species. The platform 
has  allowed  the  development  of  machine-learning  algorithms  able  to 
automatically identify 3000 bird species by their sound (Wood et al., 
2022)  owing  to  the  large  number  of  labeled  recordings  uploaded  by 
skilled ornithologists. We considered the eBird index as a proxy of bird 
rarefaction, where a lower number of observations could be related to a 
more  restricted  distribution  of  the  species,  while  a  lower  number  of 
recordings  in  Xeno-canto  may  indicate  a  species  with  a  more  limited

To identify the Brazilian nightjar with the least information available 
we created a combined index based on the following criteria: (i) number 
of scientific articles published about the species, (ii) number of obser-
vations uploaded to a citizen science platform, and (iii) number of re-
cordings  uploaded  to  a  public  online  database  of  sounds.  The  latest 
version of the checklist of birds of Brazil includes 27 nightjars (Pacheco 
et al., 2021), although we restricted the search to those species inhab-
iting the Brazilian Pantanal (15 species, see Table 1), where the study 
was  carried  out  (see  study  area  section).  The  selection  of  species 
inhabiting  the  Brazilian  Pantanal was  based  on whether  there was  at 
least  one  sighting  uploaded  to  eBird  on  this  area  (http://www.ebird. 
org).  eBird  is  a  large-scale  citizen  science  program  focused  on  birds 
that  enables  interested  ornithologists  and  citizen  scientists  to  submit

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information regarding which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning model for identifying bird species by their sound. However, it mentions that machine learning algorithms have been developed to automatically identify 3000 bird species by their sound using Xeno-canto, a public, citizen-based birdsong repository. These algorithms likely use popular deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch, but without further details, it cannot be confirmed which specific framework was utilized.