Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

as a sum of two terms: binary cross-entropy and Dice coefﬁcient-related loss of the three predicted
masks [50–52]. We used the optimizer RMSprop (unpublished, adaptive learning rate method proposed
by Geoff Hinton here http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~tijmen/csc321/slides/lecture_slides_lec6.pdf)
with an initial learning rate of 0.0001. We trained our network for 300 epochs with 24 images per batch.

ability to identify features in large amounts of data, including very high-resolution imagery, achieving
accuracy similar to human-level classiﬁcation accuracy, but in a consistent and fast way, enabling
rapid application over very large areas and/or through time [14]. For example, individual tree species
mapping in tropical forests, that was in the past only possible on small scale with traditional machine
learning methods [15,16] is now feasible on a large scale (>5000 km2) with a deep learning method
called U-net [17–20].

Vienna, Austria, 2016.

49. Huang, B.; Lu, K.; Audebert, N.; Khalel, A.; Tarabalka, Y.; Malof, J.; Boulch, A.; Le Saux, B.; Collins, L.;
Bradbury, K.; et al. Large-scale semantic classiﬁcation: Outcome of the ﬁrst year of Inria aerial image labeling
benchmark. In Proceedings of the IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium—IGARSS
2018, Valencia, Spain, 22–27 July 2018.

50. Dice, L.R. Measures of the amount of ecologic association between species. Ecology 1945, 26, 297–302.

[CrossRef]

51. Allaire, J.; Chollet, F. keras: R Interface to ‘Keras’; R package version 2.1.4; GitHub. 2016. Available online:

https://github.com/rstudio/keras (accessed on 3 June 2020).

52. Chollet, F. Keras. Available online: https://keras.io (accessed on 3 June 2020).
53. Abadi, M.; Agarwal, A.; Barham, P.; Brevdo, E.; Chen, Z.; Citro, C.; Corrado, G.S.; Davis, A.; Dean, J.;
2015.

TensorFlow: Large-Scale Machine Learning on Heterogeneous Systems.

To be considered as a good candidate for species mapping inside tropical forests using deep
learning, the object (here the tree species or genus) needs to have three main characteristics.
First, it needs to have a unique morphologic and/or spectral signature of the leaves or crowns that
render it easily identiﬁable and that cannot be confused with other species in the very high resolution
images. Second, it needs to be abundant, thus enabling the collection of sufﬁcient manual samples in the
image to train the algorithm and also to be able to detect spatial patterns in the distribution. And third,
it needs to be an indicator species of some wider ecosystem property. While this latter characteristic is
not mandatory, if the species has distinctive ecological traits or behavior it is more suited to help us
understand forest characteristics based on its absence, presence, or abundance. These are the main

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not explicitly mention the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, there are clues suggesting that the data format might be related to images. The text mentions "very high-resolution imagery" and "individual tree species mapping," which implies that the input data could be satellite or aerial images. Furthermore, the paper cites references related to aerial image classification and segmentation techniques like U-Net, which further supports the idea that the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is likely to be images.