Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

distance sampling to improve estimates of national population sizes for common and 
widespread breeding birds in the UK. J. Appl. Ecol. 45, 1330–1338. 

Nolan, V., Scott, C., Yeiser, J., Wilhite, N., Howell, P.E., Ingram, D., Martin, J.A., 2022. 
The development of a convolutional neural network for the automatic detection of 
Northern Bobwhite Colinus virginianus covey calls. J. Remote Sens. Ecol. 9, 46–61. 
Patterson, B.R., Murray, D.L., 2008. Flawed population viability analysis can result in 
misleading population assessment: a case study for wolves in Algonquin park, 
Canada. Biol. Conserv. 141, 669–680. 

Perez-Arteaga, A., Jackson, S.F., Carrera, E., 2005. Priority sites for wildfowl 

conservation in Mexico. Animal Cons. 8, 41–50.

We then use data augmentation to estimate σARU by adding a number 
of known ‘non-detections’ with distance of NA to our dataset of detected 
or simulated calls, increasing our total number of observations M to 300 
per ARU. We used a data augmentation variable zi,j for each observation 
to indicate whether it was a true call or not, so that the total realized 
M
number of calls including false positive CNN detections (NFPi =
j=1zi,j) 
can be modelled in relation to our data augmentation parameter ψ, pi,j 
and the binary detection outcomes of each call (yi,j)(eq. 10–12). 

∑

zi,j ∼ Bernoulli(ψ)

mui,j = zi,j*pi,j

(cid:0)
yi,j ∼ Bernoulli

mui,j

)

(10)  

(11)  

(12)

Our ARU DS model was slightly more complex, and consisted of four 
sub-models:  1)  detection  probability  as  a  function  of  peak  power,  2) 
peak power as a function of the distance between calls and ARUs, 3) the 
number of calls for each covey, and 4) the number of coveys. We used 
the linear relationship between peak power and distance (eq. 9) to first 
convert  peak  powers  obtained  from  our  CNN  to  distances  for  each 
detected  or  simulated  covey  call  j.  We  used  a  half  normal  detection 
function to estimate the scale parameter for the ARU data (σARU) and 
model  the probability  of detecting  each  call at  each  ARU using  these 
estimated  distances.  We  used  informative  priors  based  on  the  values 
from Wilhite et al. (2020) (mean, precision) for these parameters:: ao ~ 
Normal (76.45, 10), a1 ~ Normal ((cid:0) 0.147, 1e6), tauj  ~ Exponential (1/ 
5) where ∈j  = pow(tauj, (cid:0) 2) and σ ~ Normal (96, 10).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is for the automatic detection of Northern Bobwhite Colinus virginianus covey calls. This is achieved through the use of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) which has been developed specifically for this task. The goal of this model is to accurately identify and classify the specific bird calls, allowing for improved monitoring and conservation efforts.