Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

[
= η(t)

ʹ
w
ij

xi(t) (cid:0) wij(t)

]

, j ∈ Sk(t)

(4) 

In Eq. (4), η(t) is the learning rate, which decreases with time t, and 

Sk(t) is the neighborhood of the output neuron j at time t.  

(5)  The process is repeated using a new input vector. 

2.4.4. Clustering quality index (CQI) 

Owing to the characteristics of unsupervised clustering of SOM net-
works,  changing  the  number  of  categories  significantly  affects  the 
clustering results, and determining the number of categories is the key to 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026864J. Li et al.

large-scale partitioning (Srivastava and Bhambhu, 2005). However, the 
training efficiency of SVM for large sample datasets is not ideal at pre-
sent (Amarappa and Sathyanarayana, 2024), and further optimization of 
the  training  algorithm  is  an  urgent  problem  that  needs  to  be  solved. 
Simultaneously, the boundaries delineated by SVM are not uniform with 
the  administrative  boundaries,  and  the  zoning  results  will  face  diffi-
culties in real applications, which is also a problem to be addressed in 
the future. Because of the increasing long-distance HAs and the remote 
deployment of material and energy, the ability of remote connectivity 
will  be  an  important  driver  of  future  regional  differentiation  (J.  Jiao 
et al., 2020). Quantifying this ability and incorporating it into HA–NE 
coupled zoning will be a topic addressed in future studies.

Fig. 2. Brief presentation of the integrated database. Due to the large amount of data, DEM, SLOP, SOIL, and Vegetation type data are fixed, and other data are 
spatially  displayed  according  to  the  average  values  from  1980  to  2020.  (a–c)  HA  data.  (d–f)  climate  data.  (g–i)  geographic  data.  (j–k)  Vegetation  data.  (l) 
HA intensity. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026865J. Li et al.

Geographic 
conditions 

Vegetation 
conditions 

Resource and Environment Science and Data Center (http://www. 
resdc.cn) 

National Meteorological Science Data Center (http://data.cma.cn) 

Harmonized World Soil Database (https://www.fao.org/soils-portal 
/data-hub) 
Resource and Environment Science and Data Center(http://www. 
resdc.cn) 
Geospatial Data Cloud (http://www.gscloud.cn/) 
Resources and Environmental Science and Data Center (http://www. 
resdc.cn/) 

Average annual human density 1980–2020 

Average annual economic density 
1980–2020 
Average annual land use intensity 
1980–2020 
Average annual precipitation 1980–2020 
Average annual temperature 1980–2020 
Average annual evapotranspiration 
1980–2020 

Units 

People/ 
km2 

103/ km2 

Number 

mm 
◦
C 

mm 

Soil type number 

Number 

Average elevation 
Average slope 
Average annual NDVI 

Vegetation type number 

m 
◦

Number 

Number

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot determine which hardware resources were utilized for training the deep learning model based solely on the provided context.