Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Results 

We  recorded  322  wild  bird  species  across  the  videos,  including 
subspecies (Table S2). Those that could not be identified at the species 
level  were  six  species  at  the  family  level:  Corvidae  sp.,  Ardeidae  sp., 
Acrocephalidae sp., Anatidae sp., Scolopacidae sp., and Phylloscopidae 
sp. Random forest analysis with the feature selection algorithm identi-
fied  significant  explanatory  factors  for  the  number  of  views  for  the 
video, including the number of days since uploading, length of the video, 
the number of uploaded videos in each channel, the presence of objects 
and text within the thumbnail information, and the presence of six wild 
bird  species  including  Anas  crecca,  Troglodytes  troglodytes,  Otus  sunia, 
Cuculus poliocephalus, Streptopelia orientalis, Larvivora cyane (Fig. 1). The 
number  of  days  since  uploading  was  selected  as  the  most  important 
explanatory factor.

Fig. 1. Importance of selected factors measured by Z 
score (blue boxes) explaining the number of views in 
each  video  by  using  a  wrapper  feature  selection  al-
gorithm working with random forest analysis. Factors 
that  have  a  significantly  higher  Z  score  than  the 
maximum  Z  score  among  shadow  factors  (shad-
owMax; indicated by a red box) were determined as 
important. Objects and text are categories of thumb-
nail  information  (with  a  value  of  0  or  1  in  each 
category).  Number  of  uploaded  videos,  length,  and 
days are; number of uploaded videos in each channel, 
length  (seconds)  of  each  video,  and  number  of  days 
since  uploading,  respectively.  (For  interpretation  of 
the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.)

from online shared videos that contain a wide range of species richness 
(from 1 to 106 wild bird species in the videos used in this study).

The number of wild bird species in the video was not an important 
factor for the number of video views by the random forest analysis with 
the feature selection algorithm (Fig. 1). Nonetheless, we do not intend to 
argue that species diversity itself is not relevant to CES. Instead, viewers 
would  have  some  difficulties  perceiving  the  diversity  of  wild  birds 
throughout the video. Similarly, fewer videos displayed rare wild bird 
species, such as Ciconia boyciana and Gallirallus okinawae. These species 
are  not  widely  recognized,  explaining  the  number  of  views,  thereby 
resulting in the less importance of such species. From the conservation 
perspective of biodiversity and ecosystem services, our results highlight 
the importance of detecting specific species as characteristic indicators 
to enhance CES (Belaire et al., 2015; Echeverri et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The provided context does not directly address the query about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline. However, it discusses the use of a random forest analysis with a feature selection algorithm to identify significant explanatory factors for the number of views on wildlife videos. This methodology might involve setting a random seed value to ensure reproducibility, but the context does not provide explicit details regarding how randomness is handled. In general, common strategies to manage randomness in deep learning pipelines include fixing the random seed value, using deterministic algorithms where possible, and employing techniques like cross-validation and ensemble methods to reduce variance caused by randomness.