Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Image  classification  on  the  CNN  architecture  known  as  AlexNet  was  proposed  by  Alex 
Krizhevsky and won the 2012 ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge (Krizhevsky 
et al., 2012). There are eight layers in the network, containing five convolutional layers and three 
fully connected layers (Fig. 3). All feature extractors were initialized with white Gaussian noise 
and learned from data, and the resulting feature maps were passed through rectified linear units 
(ReLUs),  a  type  of  non-linearity  unit.  The  model  was  trained  using  stochastic  gradient  descent 
and  the  backpropagation  algorithm  included  in  Caffe  (Jia  et  al.,  2014),  with  the  learning  rate 
policy set to “step”. The learning rate set to 10-2 for all layers initially for the reason of accept the 
newly  defined  last  fully  connected  layer  set  to  10-2.  The  learning  rate  (lr)  was  decreased  by  a

The experiments were performed on a small
size dataset without data augmentation. The model 
The experiments were performed on a small-size dataset without data augmentation. The model 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
the parameters are chosen properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
and they perform well in their own validation set, proving that deep learning is a powerful method 
and they perform well in their own validation set, proving that deep learning is a powerful method

that  it  is  feasible  to  use  a  small  amount  of  data  to  train  deep  learning  models,  which  could  have  wide 
applicability in the image recognition field.

[18]  Lecun, Y. (2013). Deep Learning Tutorial. 

7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
View publication stats

Electrical and Electronics Engineering: An International Journal (ELELIJ) Vol.8, No.1, February 2019 
[19]  Lecun, Y., Bottou, L., Bengio, Y., & Haffner, P. (1998). Gradient-based learning applied to document 

recognition. Proceedings of the IEEE, 86(11), 2278-2324.  

[20]  Liu,  F.,  Shen,  Z.-R.,  Zhang,  J.-W.,  &  Yang,  H.-Z.  (2008).  Automatic  insect  identification  based  on 

color characters. Chinese Bulletin of Entomology, 45(1), 150-153.  

[21]  Martineau, M., Conte, D., Raveaux, R., Arnault, I., Munier, D., & Venturini, G. (2017). A survey on 
doi: 

classification. 

Recognition, 

273-284. 

Pattern 

65, 

image-based 
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.patcog.2016.12.020 

insect

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the paper discusses the application of deep learning in image recognition, specifically using the CNN architecture known as AlexNet. The authors mention that the model was trained using stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and the backpropagation algorithm included in Caffe (Jia et al., 2014). The learning rate policy was set to "step", and the initial learning rate was set to 10^-2 for all layers. This indicates that SGD was used as the optimization technique in this particular deep learning pipeline. However, other optimization techniques such as Adam or RMSProp could also be used depending on the specific requirements and constraints of the problem being solved.