Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The data of a certain year are used as the test set, and the remaining data are the training and
validation set. The training and validation set ia divided into ten parts using the 10-fold cross-validation
method, in which nine of the parts are used as a training set and one is used for the validation set.
The percentage of the training, validation, and testing sets is 5.4:0.6:1. The training set is the data
sample used for model ﬁtting. The validation set is a set of samples set aside separately during the
model training. It can be used to adjust the hyperparameters of the model and to conduct a preliminary
evaluation of the model’s capabilities. The testing set is used to evaluate the generalization ability of
the ﬁnal model. However, it cannot be used as a basis for algorithm-related selection such as parameter
tuning and selection of features. The mean value of the ten results is used to estimate the accuracy of

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

DM in series. The deep learning method can model complex spatiotemporal dependencies, fit the drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC, derive the probability maps needed for the SM, and perform further LU simulations.  Figure 4. Deep learning module. A multilayer perceptron (MLP) is also known as an ANN. In addition to the input/output layer, it can have multiple hidden layers in between. The simplest MLP contains only one hidden layer, i.e., a total of three layers, and its structure is shown in Figure 5. The MLP has full connections between the layers. The bottom layer of the MLP is the input layer, the middle layer is the hidden layer, and the top layer is the output layer. Assuming that the input layer is denoted by the vector X, then the output of the hidden layer is f (W1X + b1), where W1 is the weight and b1 is the offset. The commonly used functions (f) include the sigmoid function, tanh function, ReLU function, among others. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

Figure 4. Deep learning module.

A multilayer perceptron (MLP) is also known as an ANN. In addition to the input/output layer,
it can have multiple hidden layers in between. The simplest MLP contains only one hidden layer,
i.e., a total of three layers, and its structure is shown in Figure 5. The MLP has full connections between
the layers. The bottom layer of the MLP is the input layer, the middle layer is the hidden layer, and the
top layer is the output layer. Assuming that the input layer is denoted by the vector X, then the output
of the hidden layer is f (W1X + b1), where W1 is the weight and b1 is the oﬀset. The commonly used
functions (f) include the sigmoid function, tanh function, ReLU function, among others.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, I am unable to provide a definitive answer regarding these details.