Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lies  in  exploring the  potential of  deep  learning and  machine  learning 
algorithms  for  enhancing  groundwater-climate  interactions  under-
standing and investigating the climatic hotspots implications within the 
sub-basins of the GAB region.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023543P.R. Kaushik et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Table 1 
Summary of datasets (TWS, SMS, GWS, SPEI-3, 6 and 12, ENSO, NAO, AMO, 
PDO, IOD, Ni˜no 1 + 2, Ni˜no 3.0, Ni˜no 3.4, Ni˜no 4, NTA, STA, ETA) with their 
spatial  and  temporal  resolution  and  sources.  Here,  TWS  is  terrestrial  water 
storage,  SMS  is  soil  moisture  storage,  GWS  is  groundwater  storage,  SPEI  is 
standard  precipitation  evapotranspiration  index,  ENSO  is  El-Ni˜no  southern 
oscillation,  NAO  is  North  Atlantic  oscillation,  AMO  is  Atlantic  multidecadal 
oscillation, PDO is pacific decadal oscillation, IOD is Indian ocean dipole, NTA is 
North  Tropical  Atlantic,  STA  is  south  tropical  Atlantic  and  ETA  is  equatorial 
Atlantic.

data (t) =

∑n

j=1

cjsj

(1) 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023545P.R. Kaushik et al.

extent coincide with drought records and databases for the region. The 
spatial and temporal distribution of drought signals and average drought 
duration  across  the  GAB  in  the  last  40  years  were  examined  in  this 
research  as  potential  parameters  to  support  policy  initiatives  in  the 
sustainable use of water. Our SPEI drought indicator evaluation reveals 
a  high  periodicity  in  the  temporal  patterns  of  drought  signals  in  the 
southwest  GAB  region, with  long-term occurrences observed between 
2002 and 2007. These drought occurrences correspond to periods when 
the southwest GAB region was experiencing groundwater decline. The 
southwest GAB region receives low rainfall and climate-driven severe 
long-term  drought  and  thus  has  water-related  issues.  This  region  is 
typically  dry  and  is  one  of  the  main  hotspots  of  climate  influence

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if the data repository is available on platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF based on the provided context.