Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(3)  As a contextual constraint, bioclimatic data (see above) was fed into the CNN with the same model and 
data configuration including Plasticity in a mixed data approach (‘Worldclim’ in Fig. 2, setup 3 in Fig. 1). 
4) We tested an Ensemble approach, in which two more state-of-the-art model architectures, namely 
 Xception51 and MobileNetV2, the latter with halved number of trainable  parameters52, were trained on the 
configuration of setup 3, and their predictions were subsequently averaged (’Ensemble’ in Fig. 2, setup 4 in 
Fig. 1). These models differed strongly in their number of trainable weights, resulting in a different depth. 
The final model performance was assessed using a 3-fold cross-validation, with three different training, 
validation and test splits. To enable a comparison of model performance across traits, the resulting mean 
absolute error (MAE) was normalised by division over the range of the target values of the respective test

Conclusion and outlook
Following the urgently needed transition of ecology towards a data-sharing scientific  discipline15,44 and the call for 
integration of powerful datasets in  ecology44, we built upon this revolution of Big Data provided by professional 
and citizen science alike. Therefore, we exploited the potential of Convolutional Neural  Networks44 to produce 
generic models generalising across all biomes and regions around the globe to extract a set of plant functional 
traits from simple RGB photographs. Thus, the burden of limited geographical coverage of trait databases might 
be lifted by the worldwide coverage of the iNaturalist plant photograph database. The traits referring to the models 
with the highest predictive performance cover the primary axes of plant form and function 13, which are plant and 
organ size (GH, LA) as well as the leaf economics spectrum (SLA). Despite of the disputable model performance

Nevertheless, our results indicate that exploiting a Big Data approach is viable to reveal macroecological trait 
patterns, maybe because the most striking species of an ecosystem are likely to suffice in describing its func-
tional  footprint5. Since the strong growth of the iNaturalist database leads to a steadily increasing geographic 
coverage, the representativeness of these data is likely to grow as well. A recent study investigating the records 
of  FloraIncognita12, a citizen-science and deep learning-based application for identifying plant species from 
photographs, suggested that such crowd-sourced data can reproduce primary dimensions in plant community 
 composition41. This underlines the future potential of harnessing citizen science databases for identifying these 
patterns. Here, we demonstrated the practical value and applicability of the CNN models by producing GTDM

Vol.:(0123456789)www.nature.com/scientificreports/Discussion
Our results suggest that certain plant functional traits can be retrieved from simple RGB photographs. The key 
for this trait retrieval are deep learning-based Convolutional Neural Networks in concert with Big Data derived 
from open and citizen science projects. Although these models are subject to some noise, there is a wealth of 
applications for this approach, such as global trait maps, monitoring of trait shifts in time and the identification 
of large-scale ecological gradients. This way, the problem of limited data that still impedes us to picture global 
 gradients7 could be alleviated by harnessing the exponentially growing iNaturalist  database16. The performance 
of the CNN models across traits varied strongly, but revealed a clear trend: As expected, the more a trait referred 
to morphological features, the more accurate the predictions were. The models of the Baseline setup explained a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors utilize a combination of professional and citizen science data sources for collecting raw data in their deep learning pipeline. Specifically, they use the iNaturalist plant photograph database, which provides a worldwide coverage of plant images. Additionally, they mention the use of bioclimatic data, although it is not explicitly stated where this data comes from. It appears that the authors do not rely solely on traditional survey or sensor data collection methods, instead opting for publicly available datasets and crowdsourcing initiatives like iNaturalist.