Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 1. The structure of an auto-encoder.  

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012372B. Rowe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

proportion of non-silent audio clips. The research design is outlined in 
Fig. 2 

3.4. Training 

3.2. Data pre-processing

3. Method 

3.1. Dataset

At this timescale we found that our auto-encoders with smaller feature 
representations were outperformed by MFCC. Our testing on data that 
the model has not seen before, suggests that once it is likely to be able to 
be  reused,  with  minimal  (or  without)  retraining.  Once  trained,  it  is 
possible  to use our auto-encoder to  generate features on a  mid range 
laptop. Computation times to generate acoustic indices, mfcc and our 
feature representation can be seen in Table 4.

has been highly annotated and used in previous studies. The extensive 
annotation of the dataset allowed the feature representation produced 
by the auto-encoder to be easily evaluated and to be trained on a higher

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training for the auto-encoder mentioned in Fig. 1 or the method described in section 3. However, based on general machine learning practices, some common postprocessing steps could include evaluating the performance of the model using metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc. Additionally, creating confusion matrices or visualizing saliency maps might also be useful for understanding the strengths and weaknesses of the model. But since there is no explicit mention of these steps in the provided context, I cannot confirm if they were applied in this particular case.