Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Glossary 

Fish 
F-Dn: Density 
F-TR: Taxa Richnes 
F-Bm: Biomass 
F-Bmf: Biomass/fish 

Coral 
C-Dn: Density 
C-TR: Taxa Richness 
C-Hsum: Height Sum 
C-Hmn: Height Mean 
C-Fp: Footprint 
C-SA: Surface Area 
C-SI: Surface Index 
C-VO: Volume Occupied 

Sponge 
S-Dn: Density 
S-MR: Morphological Richness 
S-Hsum: Height Sum 
S-Hmn: Height Mean 
S-Fp: Footprint 
S-SA: Surface Area 
S-SI: Surface Index 
S-VO: Volume Occupied 

Gorgonian 
G-Dn: Density 
G-MR: Morphological Richness 
G-Hsum: Height Sum 
G-Hmn: Height Mean 
G-Fp: Footprint 
G-SA: Surface Area 
G-SI: Surface Index 
G-VO: Volume Occupied 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10266513

Dennison, W.C., Barnes, D.J., 1988. Effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and 

calcification. J Exp Mar Biol Ecol 115 (9), 67–77. 

Do, A.N.T., Tran, H.D., 2023. Combining a deep learning model with an optimization 

algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern 
Vietnam under global warming. Eco. Inform. 78, 102380. 

Donovan, M.K., Friedlander, A.M., Lecky, J., Jouffray, J.B., Williams, G.J., Wedding, L. 
M., Crowder, L.B., Erickson, A.L., Graham, N.A., Gove, J.M., Kappel, C.V., 2018. 
Combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes reveals complex reef 
dynamics. Sci. Rep. 8 (1), 16943. 

Dubinsky, Z., Stambler, N., 1996. Marine pollution and coral reefs. Glob. Chang. Biol. 2 

(6), 511–526. 

Edmunds, P.J., Tsounis, G., Lasker, H.R., 2016. Differential distribution of octocorals and 
scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Hydrobiologia 
767, 347–360.

Increasing  the  dimensions  used  in  the  assessment  through  additional 
variables can therefore be useful (Peterson and Evans, 2019). Due to the 
restrictions in MWST, the representation of data might not be as high as 
other  learning  methods  (Kekolahti  et  al.,  2015).  However,  the  con-
straints (only one incoming connection per node) allow only the nodes 
with the strongest associations to be connected.

outcome would have the same number of clusters for all ten final steps. 
The contingency table fit (CTF), a network performance indicator rep-
resenting the quality of the fit to the data, provides a normalized mea-
sure from 0 to 100% with 0% (poorest fit) having the data representation 
skill of an unconnected network and 100% having the joint probability 
representation  of  the  data  of  a  completely  connected  network  (best 
possible fit) (Conrady and Jouffe, 2014; Gerassis et al., 2019). The CTF 
was extracted for the individual taxa factor networks as well as the meta- 
factor network.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the Contingency Table Fit (CTF) is used as a metric to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. This metric represents the quality of the fit to the data and provides a normalized measure from 0 to 100%. A score of 0% indicates the poorest fit, equivalent to the data representation skill of an unconnected network, while a score of 100% indicates the best possible fit, equivalent to the joint probability representation of the data of a completely connected network. It should be noted that this information is based solely on the provided context and may not encompass all potential evaluation metrics for deep learning models.