Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

(Pommerening, 2023), as structural complexity is an important objec-
tive  of  this  type  of  forest  management.  Compared  to  variance,  the 
contribution of bias to the values of rRMSE is rather small. This is where 
the  NN3  and  NN4  estimators  can  help,  since  they  are  effective  in 
reducing the overall index variation. They have performed well with all 
diversity indices other than distance and the aggregation index. In this 
context, it is particularly interesting that the NN4 estimator, which is 
based  on  the  weights  of  both  sample  trees  and  of  the  neighbours  of 
sample trees, has performed best with most diversity indices other than 
distance  and  aggregation  index.  Given  the  general  aim  to  reduce  the 
index variance, this finding seems to suggest that the information pro-
vided by sample-tree neighbours complements that of the sample trees 
and is with most indices more important than spatial edge-bias concerns

plot and the data of the 2017 survey were used.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain any specific information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation). However, generally speaking, common practices include splitting the dataset into three parts: training set, validation set, and testing set. The training set is used to fit the model, the validation set is used to tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting, and the testing set is used to evaluate the final performance of the model. The proportion of each set varies depending on the size of the dataset and the problem being solved. Common splits are 60/20/20%, 70/15/15%, or 80/10/10%. It is also possible to use techniques such as k-fold cross-validation or leave-one-out cross-validation to further improve the robustness of the model evaluation.