Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

a  landscape.  A  minimum  of  10  occupied  patches  in  the  study  area  is 
required to achieve accurate parameterization (Hanski et al., 2000). The 
method proposed in this study can overcome the limitations of the IFM 
model  because  it  analyzes  the  species  distribution  model  results, 
focusing on species that are comparatively more difficult to monitor.

the incidence function model. 

Furthermore, we refined these parameters through several hundred 
independent simulations, varying the parameter values to optimize the 
model.  Logistic  regression  analysis  conducted  on  288  grids  helped 
derive the parameters x, u, and y. For the leopard cat regression analysis 
model,  we  achieved  a  pseudo-R2  value  greater  than  0.80.  The  deter-
mined parameter values were x = 0.92, indicating the degree of density 
dependence  near  equilibrium;  y  = 206.1,  representing  the  levels  of 
environmental  stochasticity;  and  u  = 0.55,  denoting  the  levels  of  de-
mographic stochasticity. 

3.2. Patterns and dynamics of species occupancy

the species distribution model results were land cover, vegetation (forest 
type, age class, diameter, and density), terrain (Dem, Aspect, Hill Shade, 
Slope,  and  TWI),  and  distance  (distance  to  water,  distance  to  forests, 
distance to agricultural land, distance to grassland, distance to roads, 
and distance to urban areas) (Kwon, 2014; Song and Kim, 2012). We 
conducted a correlation analysis of the variables before model imple-
mentation  to  enhance  the  predictive  performance  of  the  model  and 
mitigate the risk of overfitting.

(https://www.data.go.kr)  and  pre-processed  using  ArcGIS  software. 
Second,  a  species  distribution  model  was  constructed  using  seven 
machine-learning  techniques.  This  model  leveraged  environmental 
variables  and  species  data  to  generate  model  input  variables  and  a 
landscape matrix for landscape connectivity. An ensemble model was 
employed to minimize the uncertainty in species occurrence, which is 
essential for implementing the IFM-LCONS. Third, we extracted map-
ping results and AUC values from the ensemble model. The results of the 
species distribution models were then used as input data for the IFM- 
LCONS, considering any grid with a value above the threshold of 0.74 
as  an  input  variable  (number  of  species  observations).  Fourth,  we 
calculated the least-cost distance using the habitat suitability map for 
landscape connectivity analysis. Finally, the IFM-LCONS was developed,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The hyperparameters of the model are optimized by conducting logistic regression analysis on 288 grids, which helps derive the parameters x, u, and y. Furthermore, these parameters are refined through several hundred independent simulations, varying the parameter values to optimize the model. In the case of the leopard cat regression analysis model, a pseudo-R2 value greater than 0.80 was achieved, with determined parameter values being x = 0.92, y = 206.1, and u = 0.55. However, the specific optimization method such as grid search or random search is not explicitly mentioned in the given context.