Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

This is the ﬁrst study to our knowledge to investigate the pheno-
logical features in improving the performance of deep learning. As re-
vealed in our results, we have seen great potential in developing phe-
nological knowledge based deep learning methods. Recent literature
has documented the applications and beneﬁts of deep learning, a new
branch of machine learning, in various ﬁelds (LeCun et al., 2015).
However, it is still a controversial topic whether deep learning is more
suitable than traditional machine learning methods for Landsat image
classiﬁcation (Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Li et al., 2016). Never-
theless, this study aims to evaluate the hypotheses that applying phe-
nological knowledge as input data of deep learning can improve the
performance in the detection of invasive S. alterniﬂora. A comparison
experiment between SAE and SVM with six diﬀerent types of Landsat
images was conducted (see Table 2). The best performance was

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Remote Sensing of Environment

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/rse

Development of spectral-phenological features for deep learning to
understand Spartina alterniﬂora invasion
Jinyan Tiana,g, Le Wangb,⁎
Chen Shia, Massimo Menentid,e, Yong Gef, Sheng Nieh, Yang Oue, Xiaonan Songa, Xiaomeng Liua

, Dameng Yinb, Xiaojuan Lia,g, Chunyuan Diaoc, Huili Gonga,g,

T

5.3. Invasion outbreak of S. alterniﬂora

This is the ﬁrst time that the invasion outbreak of the S. alterniﬂora
was discovered at the regional scale, which beneﬁtted from the fol-
lowing three factors: (1) The proposed Ppf-CM eases the problems
caused by the scarcity of entire scene cloud-free Landsat scenes; (2) The
deep learning classiﬁer optimizes the use of the phenological
in-
formation yielded from Ppf-CM; (3) GEE provides an ideal platform for
handling massive amount of data required by the pixel-based method
(i.e. Ppf-CM) with its powerful data storage and high computational
capacity.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information on where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that Google Earth Engine (GEE) was used for handling massive amounts of data due to its powerful data storage and high computational capacity. However, there is no mention of any specific data repository or platform where the data used in the study has been made publicly available. Therefore, without additional information, it cannot be determined where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.