Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Monitoring the impact of human activities on the environment is a major challenge as many pollutants can be 
found in the different ecosystems. This is the case of the caesium-137 that has been present in the environment 
for  many  decades  as  a  result  of  atmospheric  tests,  accidents  such  as  Chernobyl  and  release  from  nuclear  in-
dustries. With the recent advance in data-driven models, this study evaluate the relevance of a deep learning tool 
for reconstructing caesium-137 chronics particulate concentration in rivers. An encoder-decoder neural network, 
“Hierarchical  Attention-Based  Recurrent  Highway  Networks”(HRHN),  is  proposed  notably  for  its  ability  to 
extract the most relevant temporal and spatial information from the databases. Three monitoring stations were 
studied, one on the Rhˆone River and two on the Loire River, all of them downstream nuclear industries in these

None. 

Data availability 

All methods were written in the Python language and in the PyCharm 
environment 
machine 
(https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/). 
learning  methods  were  developed  using  the  freely  available  Keras  li-
brary  (Chollet,  2018)  at  https://github.com/fchollet/keras  with  Ten-
sorflow backend. Free and open-source codes have been employed to 
perform  the  overall  analysis:  the  hyperparameters  ofthe  model  were 
optimised  using  the  custom  HyperBand  algorithm  which  allows  to 
optimize the network architecture with the optimal length of the history. 

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement 

In this article, a multivariate modelling by a neural network encoder 
decoder the Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks 
Tao et al. (2016)is proposed for the prediction of 137Cs concentrations in 
SPM.  This  model  extracts  the  maximum  of  information  from  past 
exogenous  variable  from  river  (water  discharge,  release  and  washout 
flux)  with  encoder  part  using  convolution  layer  and  recurrent  layer 
(RHN)  to  generate  a  latent  representation.  A  layer  of  Hierarchical 
Attention  weighs  the  importance  of  this  representation.  Then  the 
decoder part processes this representation with the past history of the 
target  variable  using  an  recurrent  layer  (RHN)  for  predict  the  future 
concentration of 137Cs.

• CNN  window  size  (dim-filter-cnn)  ∈ [3, 4, 5, 6, 7].  The  convolution 
window size determines the size of the region over which convolu-
tion  is  applied  at  each  time  step.  It  is  important  to  choose  an 
appropriate window size to capture the relevant temporal patterns in 
the data.  

• the  number  of  filters  (nbr-filters-cnn)  ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64,
72, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  number  of  filters  determines 
how many different patterns the network can learn. The higher the 
number of filters, the more complex the network can be, but this can 
also make training more difficult.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, based on the given context, it is not possible to determine which specific cloud platform or service was used to deploy the deep learning model. The text only mentions that the methods were written in Python and implemented in the PyCharm environment, and that the Keras library with TensorFlow backend was used for developing the machine learning methods. However, there is no mention of any cloud platforms like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform being used for deployment. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to your query.