Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3054

8 of 19

Figure 9. Schematic diagram of the evaluation process.

All deep learning-based models exploited in this work were implemented using the
TensorFlow [51], a Python framework conceived to allow efﬁcient analysis and implemen-
tation of deep learning with Graphics Processing Units (GPUs). All experiments conducted
here were performed on a 64-bit Intel i7-8700K@3.70GHz CPU workstation, 64 GB memory,
and NVIDIA® GTX 1080 GPU with 12Gb of memory, under a 10.0 CUDA version. Debian
4.195.98-1 version was used as the operating system.

2.2.2. Evaluation Metrics

The most signiﬁcant variation of performance is concerning the number of parameters
and with training and inference time. Despite being the best architecture in performance,
According to Table 2, DeepLabv3+ needed more parameters than the other architectures,
about 2.75 times more parameters than the U-Net, the least requiring one. The need for a
more signiﬁcant number of parameters often implies a higher demand for training samples
that our dataset or another dataset may not have met that the methods present in this
research paper may be applied, possibly causing the DeepLabV3+ architecture to perform
below its potential.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3054

11 of 19

Figure 11. Convergence of the evaluated networks.

Table 2. Number of Parameters and Processing Time of the proposed approaches. The training time
represents the results for the test set of each method. The inference time stands for the time taken by
each model to make predictions for each image.

Method

FCN

U-Net

SegNet

model that adjusts too well to the training data, but it does not generalize to the unseen
before dataset, i.e., a test dataset), after 50,000 iterations, the learning rate was reduced
following an exponential decay parameter of 0.5 by an SGD scheduler. Aside from this,
we used rotation, noise, and ﬂip (as in [50]) for data augmentation, and we were capable
of augmenting the dataset by six times. With the data augmentation technique, we can
make the CNN classiﬁcation more robust and generalize better. In Figure 9, we can see the
schematic diagram for the evaluation process.

Figure 4. Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) architecture. Adapted from [43,44].

U-Net and SegNet: According to [43], the U-Net architecture was the ﬁrst network to
propose an encoder-decoder architecture to perform semantic segmentation tasks. This
deep network was created by [45] to segment biomedical images. To generate an initial
prediction map, are used the encoder and max-pooling layers with feature extraction. The
encoder consists of a stack of convolution, and the decoder comprises convolutions, decon-
volutions, and unpooling layers in a symmetrical expanding path, using deconvolution
ﬁlters to up-sample the feature maps. An illustration of this architecture is presented

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3054

6 of 19

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given research paper, several deep learning-based models are employed for various tasks. However, based on the provided context, it cannot be explicitly stated which specific type of deep learning model (CNN, RNN, Transformer, etc.) is used in the overall pipeline. Nevertheless, there are some indications about the types of models used in certain parts of the study. For instance, the authors mention using TensorFlow, a popular open-source library for machine learning, particularly known for its support for building and deploying neural networks. Furthermore, they discuss implementing deep learning models such as FCN (Fully Convolutional Network), U-Net, and SegNet, all of which are primarily based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). These models are utilized for tasks like semantic segmentation and image classification. Therefore, while it cannot be definitively confirmed without additional information, it appears that the researchers predominantly use CNN-based models in their pipeline.