Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

it an ideal solution to large amounts of data. Manual analysis of a vast 
dataset is time-consuming for experts. Automating this task saves a lot of 
time and enables monitoring to be used on a larger scale, (Rustia et al., 
2021;  Schneider  et  al.,  2022;  Spiesman  et  al.,  2021),  helping  to 
compensate for the small number of taxonomists especially for data that 
can be complex to analyze like images (Minaee et al., 2021) or videos 
(Liu  et  al.,  2020).  The  use  of  deep  learning  in  computer  vision  for 
ecology has dramatically improved in the past few years, the PlantCLEF 
challenges are a good example (Waldchen and Mader, 2018). Every year 
it provides a large and complex image dataset to uncover and evaluate 
state-of-the-art machine learning models, and every year the result of 
the identification performance improves despite the task becoming more 
complex. By identifying the most frequent and common species of Col-

approach in computer vision, consistently demonstrating superior per-
formance  across  various  tasks  and  benchmarks.  The  use  of  machine 
learning in ecology is not new (Crisci et al., 2012), it already has been 
used for tasks such as ecological modeling (Recknagel, 2001), the study 
of animal behavior (Arablouei et al., 2023), and species identification 
(Waldchen and Mader, 2018). What makes deep learning such a growing 
field is the recent availability of powerful hardware and large amounts 
of  training  data.  By  learning  from  the  given  example  deep  learning 
models can extract important features and resolve a task without being 
specifically programmed to resolve it (LeCun et al., 2015), which makes

evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning techniques over the identification of Collembola on a 
new manually annotated dataset.

The models were all trained with the same parameters: 500 epochs, 
an initial learning rate of 0.01 with a weight decay of 0.005, the opti-
mizer Adam was chosen, with a beta1 of 0.937, and data augmentation 
transformations  were  applied  while  training.  Data  augmentation  is  a 
technique used in machine learning to artificially increase the size of a 
dataset  by  creating  new  samples  from  the  existing  ones.  Augmented 
samples are used to train the model more effectively by increasing its 
ability to generalize and its accuracy on the test dataset. The advantage 
of this technique when dealing with a low amount of data such as in our 
case, is the reduced risk of overfitting, since models are exposed to more 
variations, they will tend  to less memorize the dataset. This  becomes 
essential when you have limited data to train models with, which is a 
common problem in deep-learning applications. Another advantage is

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on the information given, we can infer that the authors might have used publicly available datasets, such as those provided by the PlantCLEF challenges, which offer large and complex image datasets for evaluating state-of-the-art machine learning models. Additionally, the authors may have also collected their own dataset through manual annotation, as mentioned in the evaluation of deep learning techniques for identifying Collembola on a new manually annotated dataset. It is possible that other methods, such as using sensors or conducting surveys, could have been employed, but these are not directly stated in the provided context.