Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

factors: network architecture, protocol type of image acquisition
(Martineau et al., 2017), and robustness of input matrix (number
of entities and replicates). Our choice to use a ResNet-50 network
architecture, in combination with transfer learning, data augmen-
tation, and dropout proved appropriate for the current number of
taxa in our demonstration dataset. ResNet-50 network architecture
represents a midsize solution in the ResNet palette (18, 34, 50, 101,
152 layers) that combines both representation power and lower
complexity that allows relatively fast training of the models. How-
ever, the protocol for image acquisition inﬂuences the complexity
of features, which will be processed by CNNs. Controlled object
position during the collection of images can also govern the level
of feature variability. Our dataset was constructed under the lab-
based protocol of image acquisition with fully controlled position
of the larvae (ventral point of view). This was not the case in pre-

ImageNet) (Russakovsky et al., 2015). Since 2012, there has been
signiﬁcant improvement in deep learning CNN architectures that
have led to better classiﬁcation results in the ImageNet challenge.
Here lies an opportunity to use a similar structure and approach
for targeted application in biomonitoring studies that could incor-
porate high-resolution information from the Chironomidae in
inferences of ecosystem integrity.

2. Materials and methods

2.1. Chironomid dataset acquisition

To construct the CNN model, 10 chironomid taxa collected from
5 sampling sites within the South Morava river basin, Serbia, were
used as inputs (Miloševic´ et al., 2013). A lab-based image acquisi-
tion protocol was applied to specimens (Fig. 1).

D. Miloševic´ et al. / Science of the Total Environment 711 (2020) 135160

3

Fig. 1. The image acquisition protocol for input of specimens into the CNN.

A deep learning process with CNNs successfully classiﬁed mor-
phologically very similar chironomid specimens with high accu-
racy to species level. While this is a pioneering demonstration of
the use of this technique, the potential for automatic identiﬁcation
of chironomids and other difﬁcult to identify taxa in bioassessment
is high. Machine learning extracted a similar suite of features to
those used in conventional identiﬁcation keys. The data acquisition
protocol and deep learning architecture of this study offers a
unique design which can be applied to chironomid identiﬁcation
as well as other macroinvertebrate groups. Such an approach will
consequently increase the efﬁciency of routine monitoring pro-
grams. Since non-biting midges are a group that is characterized
with a large diversity of morphological characters, future research
should focus on increasing the number of entities (species) in the
model as well as testing the accuracy along a geographical scale.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The method utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline for this particular study involves using a lab-based image acquisition protocol applied to specimens. Ten chironomid taxa collected from five sampling sites within the South Morava river basin, Serbia, served as inputs for the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model. The specific details regarding the lab-based image acquisition protocol are illustrated in Figure 1 of the paper. However, it should be noted that the authors do not explicitly mention any additional sources of data such as surveys or sensors. Furthermore, they do not indicate whether publicly available datasets have been incorporated into their work. Therefore, based on the given context, we can only confirm that the primary source of raw data for this study comes from the lab-based image acquisition protocol applied to chironomid specimens.