Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102658Availableonline5June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

amount  of  data,  distribution  data  for  machine  learning  models  and 
physiological data for process-based models. For both types of models, 
the  data  is  difficult  and  costly  to  collect.  This  poses  a  bottleneck  for 
building SDMs for practical use.

Our process of finding the best model roughly follows the Bayesian 
workflow described by Gelman et al. (Gelman et al., 2020). This is an 
iterative modeling process in which one systemically repeats the cycle of 
inspecting the outputs of a model, analyzing the effects of the model and 
its  configurations,  and  adjusting  the  configurations  or  switching  to 
another model type according to the observations. The cycle is repeated 
multiple times while recording the observations and results.

3. The study area and data

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026584R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

frequently in the best-performing feature set were retained for the final 
model  (Mechenich  et  al.,  2024).  Random  and  spatial  CV  selected 
different feature sets, and these are compared in our final modeling and 
analysis,  under  the  names  ‘random-CV’  and  ‘spatial-CV’  features, 
respectively.  Lists  of  features  and  short  descriptions  are  presented  in 
Table 1. 

5.2.2. Feature scaling 

We tested both raw and scaled versions of features when modeling. 
Thus, there were four feature sets to fit per model type (raw random-CV 
features, scaled random-CV features, raw spatial-CV features, and scaled 
spatial-CV features).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether they used platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.