Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wildlife population estimation 
Aerial surveys 
Deep learning 
Biodiversity monitoring 
Conservation technology 
African savanna

surveys of PAs covering thousands of square kilometers and generating 
thousands of images can be delayed by several months using the OCC 
approach due to the slow but necessary manual processing of images. 
Recent  advances  in  machine  learning  have  propelled  the  perspec-
tives of remotely sensed imagery for wildlife conservation (Tuia et al., 
2022),  and  announced  good  prospects  for  the  automation  of  image 
processing from SRF-OCC surveys (Delplanque et al., 2023b; Eikelboom 
et al., 2019). Deep learning (DL) is a subgroup of machine learning and 
artificial intelligence (AI) where artificial neural networks are trained to 
achieve challenging tasks (e.g. detect animals in aerial imagery) through 
a complex multi-level representation of information learned from a large 
amounts of data (LeCun et al., 2015). In the last decade, DL has been 
widely  employed  to  (semi-)automate  the  detection  and  counting  of

practices to address a substantially imbalanced dataset with deep learning. Remote 
Sens. Environ. 216, 139–153. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2018.06.028. 
Lamprey, R., Ochanda, D., Brett, R., Tumwesigye, C., Douglas-Hamilton, I., 2020a. 

Cameras replace human observers in multi-species aerial counts in Murchison falls, 
Uganda. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6 (4), 529–545. https://doi.org/10.1002/ 
rse2.154. 

Lamprey, R., Pope, F., Ngene, S., Norton-Griffiths, M., Frederick, H., Okita-Ouma, B., 
Douglas-Hamilton, I., 2020b. Comparing an automated high-definition oblique 
camera system to rear-seat-observers in a wildlife survey in Tsavo, Kenya: taking 
multi-species aerial counts to the next level. Biol. Conserv. 241, 108243 https://doi. 
org/10.1016/j.biocon.2019.108243. 

Lamprey, R.H., Keigwin, M., Tumwesigye, C., 2023. A high-resolution aerial camera

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Will artificial intelligence revolutionize aerial surveys? A first large-scale 
semi-automated survey of African wildlife using oblique imagery and 
deep learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't any explicit mention or reference to a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, it seems that the required information is not directly accessible within the provided text snippets. It would be best to refer back to the original source material or contact the authors for further clarification regarding the availability of such resources.