Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  implemented  CNN  corresponded  to  a  modified  version  of 
ResNet50, one of the dominant architectures in bioacoustic tasks, and, 
although other authors have applied previous ImageNet training to the 
bioacoustic  domain  (LeBien  et  al.,  2020;  Zhong  et  al.,  2021),  other 
datasets such as Audio Set (Gemmeke et al., 2017) or VGG-Sound (Chen 
et al., 2020) can be just as good as ImageNet for pre-training, either on 
ResNet or on other architectures, such as VGGish, Inception or Mobile-
Net. Another viable option is to pretrain with synthetic clicks or chirps 
(Glotin  et  al.,  2017;  Yang  et  al.,  2021).  Models  already  available  in 
mobile  apps  that  perform  this  same  spectrogram-based  identification 
task are advancing rapidly. To date (October 2022), the BirdNet appli-
cation (Kahl et al., 2021) allows for the identification of more than 3000 
bird species (Wood et al., 2022). In the short term, this particular model

In this work, we document the detailed development of a method for 
passive monitoring of the activity, diversity and acoustic phenology of 
birds  present  in  a  scarcely  studied  ecoregion.  The  method  combines 
advanced  techniques  in  the  construction  of  datasets,  unsupervised 
learning and deep learning. We applied the UMAP algorithm to account 
for the inter- and intra-species acoustic diversity of a labeled dataset, 
then trained and put into production a deep learning model to extract 
the  annual  acoustic  activity  of  each  target  species,  and  we  then  syn-
chronized  this  data  with  environmental  variables  of  climatological 
temperature and sunlight hours corresponding to the same annual study 
period. 

2. Material and methods

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Method for passive acoustic monitoring of bird communities using UMAP 
and a deep neural network

We applied the transfer learning and fine-tuning technique with the 
deep learning model ResNet50 (He et al., 2016; Tan et al., 2018), which 
was already pre-trained on ImageNet data (Deng et al., 2009). Transfer 
learning is a technique that enabled us to overcome the issue of shortage 
of  training  data  and  construct  a  model  efficiently  by  transferring 
knowledge  from  a  similar  task  to,  in  this  case,  our  target  task.  The 
implemented  architecture  received  RGB  images  of  224×224×3  as 
inputs—in this case, color spectrograms of two-second durations—and 
included  only  the  feature  extraction  layers  from  the  ResNet50,  dis-
carding the superior classification layers (known as the top network). 
The newly created model reconfigured the top network with two fully 
connected  layers  (FC)  that  could  learn  new  features.  To  reduce  over-
fitting and imitate the training of a set of different models, a dropout

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the researchers used a labeled dataset containing audio recordings of birds. However, the specific details about how this dataset was collected are not explicitly mentioned. It is possible that they used publicly available datasets like Audio Set or VGG-Sound, but there is no direct confirmation of this. Additionally, the use of mobile applications like BirdNet for gathering data is also suggested, but again, there is no explicit mention of its usage in this research. Therefore, while it seems likely that the researchers used some form of audio recording devices or existing datasets, the exact methods employed for collecting raw data remain uncertain based solely on the provided information.