Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

instrument called a dibbler. Seeds were placed in the holes and closed 
the seed with moist soil. The recommended regional package of prac-
tices  (https://cicr.org.in/wp-content/uploads/POP-NZ-01.pdf)  for  the 
respective locations including plant and row spacing, raising the crops, 
fertilizer application, irrigation, weeding, etc. were followed. No plant 
protection chemicals were applied for sucking pest (whitefly, thrips and 
jassids) management, especially for CLCuD and its vector whitefly. The 
experiment was repeated over nine consecutive years, commencing from 
2011to 2020.

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

project on cotton, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. 

Khamparia, A., Saini, G., Gupta, D., Khanna, A., Tiwari, S., de Albuquerque, V.H.C., 

2020. Seasonal crops disease prediction and classification using deep convolutional 
encoder network. Circ. Sys. Sig. Proc. 39, 818–836. 

Khan, M.A., Mirza, J.H., Ahmad, S., 1998. To cotton leaf curl virus disease development. 

Pakistan J. Phytopath. 10, 5–8. 

Khan, J., Bashir, Z., Ahmad, A., Tariq, W., Yousaf, A., Gohar, M., 2015. Mathematical 

Begomovirus of cotton leaf curl virus with respect to environmental factors. Eur. J. 
Microbio. Immuno. 5, 172–176. 

Kolay, E., Baser, T., 2014. Estimating of the dry unit weight of compacted soils using 
general linear model and multi-layer perceptron neural networks. Appl. Soft 
Comput. 18, 223–231. 

Kranthi, K.R., 2015. Whitefly—the black story. In: Cotton Statistics and News. No. 23. 
Cotton Association of India, 23rd  issue. http://www.caionline.in/site/publications.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, some common strategies to manage randomness in deep learning pipelines include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, using techniques like cross-validation or bootstrapping to reduce variability, and employing ensemble methods to combine multiple models trained with different initializations. These strategies help improve the robustness and reliability of deep learning models by reducing the impact of randomness on their performance.