Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Short-billed (common/mew) Gull Larus canus 
Geographic information system (GIS) 
Open access data 
Big data 
Socio-economics 
Multi-year field work 
Machine learning ensemble predictions 
(RandomForest Treenet CART MARS)

MARHH_NO_C 

MHH_CHILD 
FHH_CHILD 

FAMILIES 
AVE_FAM_SZ 
HSE_UNITS 
URBAN 
RURAL 
VACANT 
OWNER_OCC 
RENTER_OCC 
POP_MILE 
HH_INCOME_ 
HH_10K 
HH10TO15K 
HH15TO20K 
HH20TO25K 
HH25TO30K 
HH30TO35K 
HH35TO40K 
HH40TO45K 
HH45TO50K 
HH50TO60K 
HH60TO75K 
HH75TO100K 
HH100_125K 
HH125_150K 
HH150_200K 
HH_200K 
HHMEDIAN 
PER_CAPITA 
Polygon area  

x-coordinate  
y-coordinate  

Total number of people in the census block in year 
2000 
Total number of people who are white alone 

Total number of people who are black alone 

Total number of people who are Native American 
alone 
Total number of people who are Asian alone 

Total number of people who are Hawaian Pacific 
Island alone 
Total number of people who are ‘other’ alone 

Number of Multirace Individuals in census unit 

Total number of people who are Hispanic alone

information system (GIS) platform and then added 68 open-access predictor layers, including socio-economic U. 
S. Census data. We trained, tested, and evaluated the performance of an ensemble of machine learning models, 
resulting in predictions of gull-abundance hotspots and coldspots, at 100-m resolution for inference. We find that 
Short-billed Gulls prefer the synergy of industrial areas near man-made water bodies, impervious surfaces, gravel 
pits, strip malls, transfer sites (garbage dumps) and some young forest vegetation. This study is a first-known 
attempt  to  utilize  a  blended  ‘Big  Data’  approach,  in  combination  with  traditional  multi-year  field-based data 
collection and alternative model assessments, in order to characterize an urban seabird niche. Our findings, and 
the digital infrastructure herein, provide an interdisciplinary baseline for potential applications in urban plan-
ning and monitoring the spread of disease reservoirs.

Put Fig. 4 app here: Predicted RIO for Short-billed Gulls based on a 

machine learning ensemble. 

Put Fig. 5 app here: Time series data for a ‘presence site’ in Fairbanks 
during summer 2017 that is a raven hotspot for the ecological niche in 
winter. 

Put  Table  3  app  here:  Model  Diagnostics  importance  rank  of  pre-

dictors from machine learning model. 

Put Fig. 6 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

first top-ranked Predictor (soil type). 

Put Fig. 7 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

second top-ranked Predictor (vegetation class). 

Put Fig. 8 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

third top-ranked Predictor (distance to water). 

Put Fig. 9 app here: Model Diagnostics 3D Partial Dependence plot of 
top-ranked  continuous  predictor  (distance  to  water  vs  distance  to 
transfer site). 

3.3. Model assessment

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not mention which specific deep learning framework was used to build the machine learning models. However, it mentions that an ensemble of machine learning models was used, including Random Forest, TreeNet, Classification and Regression Trees (CART), and Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines (MARS). These are all well-established machine learning algorithms but they do not belong to any specific deep learning framework like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, we cannot determine which deep learning framework was used based on the given information.