Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

For any given research question, ecologists and data scien-
tists should carefully consider the steps that might be required
to ensure the relevance and accuracy of AI-generated data for
any given research question. To aid this we have summarized
our experience into an eight-point list of questions which we
recommend researchers ask themselves when using AI classiﬁer
naturalists:

1. Does the spatial distribution of images ﬁt your needs? Im-
ages from social media are often aggregated in areas of
high population density or tourist hotspots. If the distribu-
tion is biased in some way, could this be accounted for in
subsequent analyses?

2. Can you ﬁlter images before classiﬁcation? For example,
ﬁltering can be done by carefully selecting your source

presents challenges and opportunities across a number of do-
mains, including water management,2 camera trapping,3 and
acoustic4 analysis. To process these data into useful information
there are many tools available, including classical statistical
analyses5 and classiﬁcation by citizen scientists.6 However, at
some point traditional approaches may become inefﬁcient or
even impossible given the volume, diversity, and heterogeneity
of these data. Storage, exploration, curation, and revision of
data may have to be re-thought to allow for their quick and efﬁ-
cient transformation, annotation, or analysis. This is particularly

Patterns 1, 100116, October 9, 2020 ª 2020 The Authors. 1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

ll

OPEN ACCESS

42. Seresinhe, C.I., Preis, T., and Moat, H.S. (2017). Using deep learning to
quantify the beauty of outdoor places. R. Soc. Open Sci. 4, 170170.
43. Berendsohn, W., G€untsch, A., Hoffmann, N., Kohlbecker, A., Luther, K.,
and M€uller, A. (2011). Biodiversity information platforms: from standards
to interoperability. ZooKeys 150, 71–87.

44. Botella, C., Joly, A., Bonnet, P., Monestiez, P., and Munoz, F. (2018).
Species distribution modeling based on the automated identiﬁcation of
citizen observations. Appl. Plant Sci. 6, e1029.

45. Affouard, A., Joly, A., and Bonnet, P.. Pl@ntNet automatically identiﬁed
occurrences, accessed via GBIF.org on 2020-07-27 https://doi.org/10.
15468/mma2ec.

46. Fox, N., Mancini, F., Graham, L., Sutter, L., and August, T.
Photosearcher 1.0. https://docs.ropensci.org/photosearcher/.

(2020).

Applications of AI to biological recording have to date typically
focused on active sampling, that is, images collected speciﬁcally
for the purpose of recording wildlife24 (e.g., wildlife recording
apps or camera traps). However, this has neglected large
amounts of image data that are not collected for the purposes
of biological recording, but which nonetheless may contain
useful information about biodiversity. This includes social media
imagery25 (e.g., Flickr and Instagram), CCTV, and imagery
collected along linear infrastructure (e.g., Google StreetView).
These unexploited image data could be rapidly analyzed using
‘‘AI naturalists’’ designed to locate potential images of biodiver-
sity and classify what they see. This is an example of internet
ecology or ‘‘iEcology’’ as recently proposed by Jari(cid:2)c and col-
leagues,26 whereby digital data collected for a different purpose
is analyzed to gain insights into the natural world. However,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details on specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions several sources of data that can potentially be used for training AI models. These include images from social media platforms like Flickr and Instagram, CCTV footage, and imagery collected along linear infrastructure such as Google StreetView. Additionally, the text refers to 'wildlife recording apps or camera traps,' suggesting that sensor-based data collection methods are also employed. It is important to note that the use of publicly available datasets is implied through references to works that utilize such resources. In summary, while the exact methods for collecting raw data are not explicitly stated, the text suggests the use of various sources such as social media platforms, CCTV footage, sensor-based methods, and possibly publicly available datasets.