Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The challenge for applying deep learning to natural systems is the need for large training datasets.
A lack of training data is a pervasive problem in remote sensing due to the cost of data collection
and annotation [13]. In addition, the spatial extent of training data often prohibits the ﬁeld-based
veriﬁcation of annotated objects. For tree detection, the high variation in tree crown appearance, due
to taxonomy, health status, and human management, increases the risk of overﬁtting when using small
amounts of training data [10]. One approach to addressing the data limitation in deep learning is
“self-supervised learning” (sensus [14]), which uses unsupervised methods to generate training data
that is used to train supervised models [15]. This approach has recently been applied to remote sensing
for hyperspectral image classiﬁcation [9]. Self-supervision, which only relies on unlabeled data, can be

samples will be needed to customize the model to a local geographic area. In addition, the availability
of hyperspectral data could assist in dividing the ‘tree’ class into multiple species labels. This would
yield additional insights into the economic value, ecological habitat, and carbon storage capacity for
large geographic areas [39]. While further work is needed to understand the best way to combine data
among scales and sensors, we show that deep learning-based approaches hold the potential for large
scale actionable information on natural systems to be derived from remote sensing data.

combined with labeled data in a semi-supervised framework (sensu [14]), which may improve deep
learning on limited training data by providing neural networks the opportunity to learn generalized
features on a wider array of training examples, followed by retraining on a smaller number of high
quality annotations [16]. It is unknown whether moderate to low quality annotations can be used
to generate trees for initial model training, given the imperfect nature of existing unsupervised tree
delimitation approaches.

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1309

3 of 13

of thousands of noisy labels will yield improved performance, even though these labeled data are
imperfect due to the limitations of the generative algorithm [17].

Figure 1. A conceptual ﬁgure of the proposed semi-supervised pipeline. A Light Detection and
Ranging (LIDAR)-based unsupervised detection generates initial training data for a self-supervised
(red, green, blue (RGB) deep learning model. The model is then retrained based on a small number of
hand-annotated trees to create the full model.

2.1. Study Site and Field Data

We used data from the National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON) site at the San Joaquin
Experimental Range in California to assess our proposed approach (Figure 2). The site contains an open
woodland of live oak (Quercus agrifolia), blue oak (Quercus douglasii), and foothill pine (Pinus sabiniana)
forest. The majority of the site is a single-story canopy with mixed understory of herbaceous vegetation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the researchers utilize data from the National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON) site at the San Joaquin Experimental Range in California. Specifically, they use LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) technology to collect data for their deep learning pipeline. LIDAR is a remote sensing method that uses light in the form of a pulsed laser to measure distances. By measuring how long it takes for the pulse to bounce back to its source, LIDAR can accurately determine the distance between the sensor and the target object. In this case, the researchers use LIDAR to detect trees and generate initial training data for their deep learning model. Additionally, they mention the possibility of combining LIDAR data with other types of data, such as hyperspectral images, to provide more detailed information about the environment being studied. However, they note that further research is needed to understand the best ways to integrate different types of data in order to improve the accuracy and effectiveness of deep learning models.