Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In view of this discovery, we re-examined the application strategies 
of deep learning, no longer pursuing model complexity but exploring the 
potential  of  shallow  networks.  Through  meticulous  algorithm  optimi-
sation  and  structural  design,  we  strive  to  maintain  the  model  perfor-
mance while reducing the computational complexity  and deployment 
costs,  achieving  a  balance  between  speed  and  accuracy.  The  specific 
contributions of this study are as follows:  

• We propose a lightweight SIAlex model that utilises AlexNet as the 
backbone,  fully  exploiting  the  performance  of  minimalist  models. 
Ensuring a good balance between speed and accuracy. 

• The  method  of  cascading  multiple  activation  functions  fully  in-
troduces  nonlinear  factors  such  that  the  model  approximates  the 
nonlinear  expression  function  of  the  learning  features  while  also 
improving the gradient propagation.

generalised  model  by  adding  convolution  modules  or  introducing  re-
sidual  connection  techniques.  However,  more  complex  and  deeper 
models  often  incur  higher  computational  costs  and  require  longer 
training  time.  To  solve  these  problems,  the  AlexNet  network  was 
designed to be lightweight and optimised to achieve deep training and 
short-term testing (Zhang et al., 2022). Specifically, the two convolution 
layers are merged in the model deployment mode while ensuring that 
the nonlinear factors caused by the activation function are not reduced. 
By reducing the number of layers in the model, the computational effi-
ciency is improved (Ding et al., 2021; Zhao et al., 2017) and the infer-
ence time of the model is significantly shortened.

The  remainder  of  the  paper  is  structured  as  follows:  Section  2  in-
troduces the relevant work of previous researchers and the processing 
steps of the dataset. Section 3 introduces the optimisation methods of 
the model. Section 4 introduces the experimental results and compares 
the test results of different networks. The discussion and conclusion are 
presented in Sections 5 and 6, respectively. 

2. Related work 

2.1. Experience of predecessors 

Deep learning models have become a mainstream research direction 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026372L. Duan et al.

1. Introduction 

Combining  bird  voice  recognition  and  deep  learning  is  vital  for 
monitoring bird species for conservation. It is an essential indicator for 
monitoring  the  ecosystem  health  and  conducting  practical  ecological 
assessments  for  biodiversity  conservation  (Liu  et  al.,  2023).  Through 
population monitoring, scholars can understand the responses of local 
birds  to  environmental  changes  and  conservation  efforts.  Monitoring 
bird movement in real-time is also the first step in monitoring the bal-
ance of the ecosystem (Xie et al., 2022). Many professionals have begun 
to  conduct  long-term  observations  of  birds  to  protect  their  species. 
Therefore, training the collected data using appropriate network models 
and constructing an automatic bird recognition system are of profound 
significance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment.