Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2

Here, we showcase a full why-what-how workflow in R using a case study on the structure of an
ecological community (a set of co-occurring species) composed of the Eurasian lynx (Lynx lynx)
and its two main preys. First, we introduce the case study and motivate the need for deep learning.
Second we illustrate deep learning for the identification of animal species in large amounts of images,
including model training and validation with a dataset of labelled images, and prediction with a
new dataset of unlabelled images. Last, we proceed with the quantification of spatial co-occurrence
using statistical models.

2 Collecting images with camera traps

This result calls for further work on the trade-offs between time and resources allocated to train
models with deep learning and our ability to correctly answer key ecological questions with camera-
trap surveys. In other words, while a computer scientist might be keen on spending time training
models to achieve top performances, an ecologist would rather rely on a model showing average
performances and use this time to proceed with statistical analyses if, of course, errors in computer-
annotated images do not make ecological inference flawed. The right balance may be found with
collaborative projects in which scientists from artificial intelligence, statistics and ecology agree on
a common objective, and identify research questions that can pick the interest of all parties.

Yosinski, Jason, Jeff Clune, Yoshua Bengio, and Hod Lipson. 2014. “How Transferable Are Features in
Deep Neural Networks?” In Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Neural Information
Processing Systems - Volume 2, 3320–28. NIPS’14. Cambridge, MA, USA: MIT Press.

Zimmermann, Fridolin, Christine Breitenmoser-Würsten, Anja Molinari-Jobin, and Urs Breitenmoser.
2013. “Optimizing the Size of the Area Surveyed for Monitoring a Eurasian Lynx (Lynx Lynx)
Population in the Swiss Alps by Means of Photographic Capture-Recapture.” Integrative Zoology
8 (3): 232–43. https://doi.org/10.1111/1749-4877.12017.

28

Paszke, Adam, Sam Gross, Francisco Massa, Adam Lerer, James Bradbury, Gregory Chanan, Trevor
Killeen, et al. 2019. “PyTorch: An Imperative Style, High-Performance Deep Learning Li-
brary.” In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 32, edited by H. Wallach, H.
Larochelle, A. Beygelzimer, F. dAlché-Buc, E. Fox, and R. Garnett, 8024–35. Curran Associates,
Inc. http://papers.neurips.cc/paper/9015-pytorch-an-imperative-style-high-performance-deep-
learning-library.pdf.

Rota, Christopher T., Marco A. R. Ferreira, Roland W. Kays, Tavis D. Forrester, Elizabeth L. Kalies,

27

William J. McShea, Arielle W. Parsons, and Joshua J. Millspaugh. 2016. “A Multispecies Occu-
pancy Model for Two or More Interacting Species.” Methods in Ecology and Evolution 7 (10):
1164–73. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12587.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The method used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline is through the use of camera traps. Camera traps are remotely activated cameras that capture images when triggered by motion or heat. They have been widely adopted in wildlife monitoring due to their non-intrusive nature and ability to collect data over extended periods. In this particular case study, camera traps were employed to gather images of the Eurasian lynx and its prey species. These images serve as input for the deep learning model, enabling it to learn features specific to each species and subsequently classify them accurately. This approach allows researchers to efficiently process vast quantities of visual data, thereby facilitating the analysis of complex ecological systems.