Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5. Model training 

  To ensure the accuracy of the experimental results and obtain the best classification, the exact 
parameters  and  functions  as  well  as  classifier  built-in  the  six  neural  network  models  are 
designed as follows: 

  The resolution of input data is 224×224 with Red Green Blue (RGB) format, and the inputs 

are batch normalized before training; 

  Batch size is applied which is set to 30 when training, but images are tested one by one; 
  An  optimized  rectified  linear  activation,  Leaky  ReLU,  was  introduced  into  models  after 

convolution or concatenate layer; 

In MobileNet, width multiplier is 1.2, resolution multiplier is 1; 

  Learning rate and dropout rate adopt same value 0.001, bias value is 0;  
 
  For the neural networks with lower depth, the higher training epochs are, the higher probability 
of over fitting is. Therefor models in which less than 100 layers adhibit raw data 60 epochs, 
otherwise executed 80 epochs;

[30]. He, K., Zhang, X., Ren, S., Sun, J. (2016) Deep residual learning for image recognition. In: 2016 
IEEE  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  and  Pattern  Recognition  (CVPR).  Las  Vegas,  NV, 
United states. 770-778. 

[31]. Huang,  G.,  Liu,  Z.,  Van  Der  Maaten,  L.,  Weinberger,  K.Q.  (2017)  Densely  connected 
convolutional  networks.  In:  2017  IEEE  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  and  Pattern 
Recognition (CVPR). Honolulu, HI, United states. 2261-2269 . 

[32].Howard, A.G., Zhu, M., Chen, B., Kalenichenko, D., Wang, W., Weyand, T., Andreetto, M., Adam, 
H. (2017) MobileNets: Efficient convolutional neural networks for mobile vision applications. 
https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.04861.

Abstract. Plant identification and classification play a key role in understanding, protecting and 
conserving  biodiversity.  Traditional  plant  taxonomy  needs  long  time  intensive  training  and 
experience, which limited others to identify plant categories. With the development of automated 
image-based  classification,  machine  learning  (ML)  is  becoming  a  popular  tool.  Image 
classification, especially plant images taxonomy, has achieved great improvement in these years 
by  deep  learning  (DL)  methods.  In  this  study,  we  first  reviewed  current  deep  learning 
applications  in  the  field  of  plant  image  classification,  and  then  we  tested  six  deep  learning 
methods  in  four  public  plant  image  datasets.  In  order  to  test  the  classification  power  of  DL 
methods  at  cultivar  level,  we  prepared  a  Camellia  sasanqua  Thunb.  dataset,  which  is  called

Nowadays,  deep  learning  (DL)  becomes  the  most  popular  and  efficient  way  for  large  dataset 
classification. The convolutional neural network (CNN) is the major framework in DL, which describes 
the hidden neural network layers by convolutional kernels. And convolutional kernels are turned out to 
dropout some irrelevant information and capture more essential details[7]. Singh et al.[15] employed a 
multi-layer CNN to identify the disease type of infected Mango leaves’ images; Bayr et al.[16] adopted 
a  AlexNet  type  CNN  for  woody  images  classification;  Nagasubramanian  et  al.[17]  constructed  a  3-
dimension CNN to classify multi-spectral soybean images situation of disease affected. Wäldchen et 
al.[18]  reviewed  current  deep  learning  approaches  in  plant  image  classification.  All  these  models 
achieved classification accuracy over 95% in the spectrum region of plant health. Various of feature

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning pipeline described in the given context uses image data in RGB format. Specifically, the resolution of the input data is mentioned as 224x224 pixels. This indicates that the deep learning models discussed here are designed for processing and analyzing visual data, such as photographs or digital images of plants. Other common types of data formats used in deep learning pipelines include audio files, videos, and structured data like CSV files. However, based solely on the provided context, it can be concluded that the deep learning pipeline utilizes image data in RGB format.