Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this work, a transformer-based network is constructed for the end- 
to-end classification of EMs. Although it has been noticed that ViT itself 
cannot  perform  better  classification  for  categorizing  environmental 
microbes, the combination of ViT with self- attention module and CNN 
achieved the best classification results. The performance of the proposed 
EMViT-Net and different deep-learning models is graphically presented 
in Fig. 8 which presents the validation and test accuracy on unseen data. 
The experimental results demonstrate that the performance ranking of 
all considered deep learning models remains unchanged on the valida-
tion  set  and  test  set.  The  accuracy  ranking  of  the  proposed  network 
EMViT-Net  is  still  first  which  states  that  the  proposed  model  is  more

3.1. Dataset description 

A detailed description of the collected dataset is given in this section. 
A publicly available dataset of environmental microorganisms EMDS-6 
is  used  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  architecture.  The 
considered  dataset  consists  of  840  different  images  of  environmental 
microorganisms having 21 categories consisting of 40 images for each 

Operating system 
Processor 
RAM 
Programming language 
Development environment 
Input dataset 
Input dimensions 
Batch size 
Loss 
Activation function 
Learning rate 
Epochs 
Optimizer 

MAC OS 
Apple M1- Chip 
8 GB 
Python 3.6.5 
TensorFlow 2.2.0, Keras 2.4.0 
EMDS-6 
224 × 224 
32 
Categorical Cross Entropy 
GELU 
0.002 
100 
AdamW

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

Environmental  microbes  are  certainly present  in  our surroundings  since  they  are  essential  to  the growth  and 
survival of human advancement. The detailed analysis of environmental microorganisms (EMs) is very important 
to recognize, understand and make use of microbes as well and prevent damage. Extracting the discriminatory 
features from a limited-size dataset is very challenging for a deep learning model and a pure transformer-based 
network cannot achieve good classification results on a limited-size dataset due to the lack of muti-scale features. 
In this study, a novel vision transformer-based deep neural network is proposed by integrating the transformer 
with CNN for the classification of EM using microscopic images. The proposed network EMViT-Net has three 
main  modules:  a  transformer  module,  a  CNN  module  and  a  multilayer  perceptron  module.  The  transformer

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the provided context, it appears that the authors utilize a publicly available dataset called EMDS-6 for their research. This dataset contains 840 different images of environmental microorganisms, divided into 21 categories with 40 images each. Therefore, it can be inferred that the method employed for gathering raw data in this particular deep learning pipeline involves utilizing pre-existing public datasets rather than collecting new data through means such as surveys or sensors. However, without additional information, it is not possible to determine whether the original creators of the EMDS-6 dataset gathered their data via surveys, sensors, or some other method.