Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(1) LeNet is firstly proposed by LeCun et al. in the 1990s, which includes three convolution layers, 
two  sampling  layers,  two  fully  connected  layers.  At  that  time,  it  is  difficult  to  run  LeNet  due  to  the 
limit of computation and memory capacity [21]. 

(2) AlexNet is proposed by Alex et al. and won the ILSVRC 2012 [22]. AlexNet achieves higher 
identifying accuracy than all the traditional machine learning algorithms. It is significant breakthrough 
for machine learning for classification. 

(3) GoogLeNet is proposed by Christian of Google and is the winner of ILSVRC 2014 [23], in 
which inception layers, including different receptive areas with different kernel sizes capturing sparse 
correlation patterns, are integrated into CNN.

The size of output result is 17,280. 

Eleventh layer: This layer is the full connected layer with 100 neurons. 
Twelfth layer: This layer is the Softmax activation function layer with 2 neurons. 
In  our  ICSNet,  we  adopt  the  inception  module  from  GoogLeNet,  but  only  three  inception 
modules  are  built  in  ICSNet.  And  we  also  add  more  convolution  layers  than  AlextNet,  but  the 
number of convolution layers is less than VGGNet and ResNet. Consequently, the tradeoff between 
accuracy and time consuming can be achieved by our ICSNet. This is basic idea of our work. 

Mathematical Biosciences and Engineering 

Volume 18, Issue 2, 1121–1135. 

 
1127 

3.  Experiments 

3.1.  Data description

After first inception modules, second and third inception modules are set in turn. The output is the 
data with the size of 28 × 28 × 480. Then, the pooling and LRN are performed, the data with the size of 
14 × 14 × 480 is output. 

Ninth  layer: It  is a convolution layer with  480  3  ×  3  filters  and  their stride  is  1. The ReLU is 
selected as the activation function. The result of this layer is the data with the size of 14 × 14 × 480. 
After convolution, the data is performed by LRN. Then, the maximum pooling with a 3 × 3 window 
and 2 strides is used. The output result is the data with the size of 6 × 6 × 480. 

Tenth layer: This layer is dropout layer which is used to improve the generalization capability. 

The size of output result is 17,280.

Second  layer:  It is a convolution layer, which is with 128 3 × 3 filters and the stride is 1. The 
ReLU is selected as the activation function. The LRN is connected after this layer, the output results is 
the data with the size of 56×56×128. Then above data is processed by pooling operator with a 3 × 3 
window and 2 strides. The output result of this layer is the data with the size of 28 × 28 × 128. 

Third  to  eighth  layer:  These  layers  consist  of  three  inception  modules  which  consist  of  seven 

convolution modules and a pooling module. They are divided into the following four branches.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, the deep learning model used in the pipeline is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). This can be determined by examining the architecture of the network described in the text. Specifically, the presence of multiple convolution layers, pooling layers, and inception modules are indicative of a CNN. Additionally, the use of the ReLU activation function and the Softmax activation function in the final layer further supports this conclusion. Therefore, it can be confidently stated that the deep learning model used in the pipeline is a CNN.