Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Minimum 

Maximum 

– 

0 
(cid:0) 25% 
(cid:0) 20% 
◦
(cid:0) 90

– 

10% 
+50% 
20% 
◦
+90

2.4. Deep learning models 

Two  widely  used  object  detection  models  were  selected  for  com-
parison, YOLOv5 (Jocher et al., 2021) and Faster R-CNN (FR-CNN) (Ren 
et al., 2015). YOLO is a lightweight approach where objects are identi-
fied directly through as single pass, whereas the FR-CNN is a multi-stage 
network approach based on identifying potential regions and then cat-
egorising and discarding some inappropriate regions (Ren et al., 2015). 
For the YOLOv5 model, we also tested three variants, YOLOv5 small, 
YOLOv5  medium  and  TPH-YOLOv5  (Zhu  et  al.,  2021b),  which  is  a 
modified variant of YOLO with a Transformer Prediction Head (TPH) 
(Yang et al., 2019).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Pacific oysters 
Invasive species 
Convolutional neural networks 
Deep learning 
Drone 
Remote sensing 
Ecological management

The  authors  recognize  several  other  limitations  that  could  be 
addressed in follow up projects. First, only two types of neural network 
architectures  were  used,  whereas  additional  benchmarking  could  be 
performed  with  other  types  of  ResNets,  DenseNets  and  transformer 
based models. Secondly, this study does not address the individual in-
sights from the trained models, and the pros and cons of architectures 
and hyperparameters in recognizing specific features of Pacific oysters 
across  mudflats  and  rocky  shore  imagery.  Thirdly,  ablations  studies 
should  be  performed,  showcasing  the  possibilities  for  reducing  the 
complexities of neural network layers and speeding up the computation 
times. And fourthly, if left unmanaged, Pacific oysters can create oyster 
reefs and very dense clusters where younger oysters grow on top of the 
older. In such cases, no gaps are found in the cluster and only the oysters

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Drone imagery and deep learning for mapping the density of wild Pacific 
oysters to manage their expansion into protected areas

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article discusses the use of drone imagery for mapping the density of wild Pacific oysters using deep learning techniques. Therefore, it can be inferred that the primary data format used in the deep learning pipeline is images or image datasets. These images likely consist of aerial photographs captured by drones over various landscapes, including mudflats and rocky shores. The deep learning models employed in this research, namely YOLOv5 and Faster R-CNN, are both designed for object detection tasks within images, further supporting the conclusion that the input data consists primarily of visual information.