Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A total of 978 hiking trails were associated with textual data, cor-
responding  to  86.7%  of  the  collected  data,  with  an  average  text 
description  length  of  14  words  (SD  = 28.6).  Half  of  the  trails  were 
recorded in the summer months from June to August (481 trails), and 
34% of the trails fell on weekends (Supplementary Materials, Fig. S3). 
The maximum number of trails uploaded by a single user was 30, while 
207  users  uploaded  only  one  trail  over  the  four-year  study  period. 
Moreover, 183 unique words occurred at least three times in total and in 
a  positive  context,  with  a  cumulative  frequency  of  3553.  The  words 
“view”,  “trail”  and  “walk”  were  the  most  frequent  unigrams  and  no 
negative words such as “sad” or “boring” were found in the final dataset 
(Supplementary Materials, Fig. S4). There was a significant difference in 
the  contents  between  the  two  corpora  Wikiloc  and  ukWaC  (x2  =

the perceptions mentioned by hikers during their outdoor experience, 
we extracted the most frequent single words (unigrams) from Wikiloc 
posts.  The  extraction  of  unigrams  consisted  of  three  steps:  text  trans-
lation, data pre-processing, and  word frequency  counting. First,  since 
the text description included five different languages (French, English, 
Dutch,  Italian,  and  Spanish),  we  translated  all  text  descriptions  into 
English  using  DeepL  (https://www.deepl.com).  Second,  data  pre- 
processing  consists  of  using  natural  language  processing  (NLP) 
methods  to  perform  automated  text  mining  in  R,  primarily  using  the 
packages  tidytext  (Silge  and  Robinson,  2017)  and  tm  (Feinerer  and 
Hornik, 2018) for tokenization, lemmatization and English stop words 
removal based on a predefined list of common English words (e.g., and, 
the). An additional set of words such as the name of the country, towns,

Wikiloc  trails  available  in  Auvergne  were  selected  for  the  years 
2017–2020  resulting  in  1128  trails  uploaded  by  446  users.  We  pre- 
filtered  the  data  by  1)  keeping  only  the  trails  that  were  assigned  by 
users as hiking trails, 2) removing those without associated text data, 
and 3) applying the “Trail-User-Days” (TUD) measure (i.e., a single trail 
per  user per  day),  introduced  by  Chai-allah  et  al.  (2023)  to  filter the 
social media data to represent a day trip. After pre-filtering 978 hiking 
trails from 388 users remained for further use (see three examples pre-
sented in Table S1 in the Supplementary Materials). Finally, the data sets 
were anonymized and any unnecessary metadata was removed. 

2.2. Data processing 

To identify the landscape features, physical outdoor activities, and

Therefore, in this work, we adopted a fully featured crowdsourced 
data-driven methodology and semi-automatic approach to answer the 
following  questions:  1)  What  are  the  landscape  features  and  outdoor 
physical activities preferred and mentioned by hikers? 2) What are the 
perceptions mentioned by hikers? 3) What perceptions do hikers asso-
ciate with landscape features and outdoor physical activities? 

2. Materials and methods

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information provided to determine what strategy was used to monitor the model performance during training. The given context focuses mainly on analyzing hiking trails and extracting information about landscape features, physical outdoor activities, and perceptions mentioned by hikers. It does not discuss any machine learning models or strategies for monitoring their performance during training.