Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

racy assessment requires these parameters to calculate the total number of 
training samples required for the image classified using Eq. 1.

For  the  simulations  the  infiltration  capacity  was  quantified  in  a 
parameter  derived  by  the  Soil  Conservation  Service  (SCS)  called  CN. 
This parameter determines the runoff over an area based on soil type, 
soil cover and the hydrological group of the soil (Cronshey, 1986). The 
figure calculated for sub-basin 1 is 80.1, for sub-basin 2 it is 78.5, for 
sub-basin 3 it is 77.3, for sub-basin 4 it is 74.0, for sub-basin 5 it is 76.1 
and for sub-basin 6 it is 81.0. To better assess the possible effects of using 
NBS,  four  hypothetical  scenarios  were  chosen.  These  scenarios  were 
based on changing the land use from agriculture to forestry. According 
to  Perpi˜na  Castillo  et  al.  (2020),  Galicia  has  one  of  with  the  highest 
percentages of abandoned agricultural land of any region in Spain, with

The  greatest  improvement  is  that  found  for  simulation  S-Total

36–13 mm/h), 10% into type D (very slow infiltration, <13 mm/h) and 
only 14% into type A (fast infiltration >76 mm/h), which also influences 
the effective capacity of the NBS selected. This adds to the difficulty of 
solving the serious flooding problem in the Umia River Basin.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I am sorry, but there is no information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model such as learning rate or optimizer in the given context.