Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 5. Overview of the data platform.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027137(a)(b)(c)C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 1 
Summary of data sources.  

Source 

Monitoring network 
Satellite images 
Weather 
Environment 

Provider 

CASE 
ESA 
ARPAE 
CER 

Frequency 

Weekly 
2–3 days 
Daily 
Yearly 

Granularity 

Monitoring task 
100 km2 granule 
25 km2 cell 
Environmental element 

Yearly size 

5.2 MB 
370 GB 
6.5 GB 
4.3 GB  

The validated data is then loaded to the Access tier through an in-
cremental  ETL (extract, transform, and load) procedure acquiring the 
validated data from the Harbor tier. 

3.2.4. Analytical fruition

3.2.1. Data sources 

A  summary  of  the  many  data  sources  is  shown  in  Table  1,  which 
reports the frequency of updates and space occupation for each source. 
The monitoring network (managed by CASE, introduced in Section 
3.1.2) is the main source, providing the number of H. halys captures on a 
weekly basis. For each deployed trap, we collected the coordinates of 
deployment and a list of environmental elements visually identified in 
the surroundings by the technician that deployed the trap (e.g., tree fruit 
crops, herbaceous crops, buildings). Then, for each deployed trap and 
week within the monitoring session, we collected the number of H. halys 
captured (divided into small instars, large instars, and adults), together 
with an indication of the correct functioning of the trap.

In the following, we disclose all the details of the main data platform 
components, starting with the presentation of all data sources (Section 
3.2.1)  and  continuing  with  the  integration  and  enrichment  processes 
(Section 3.2.2), the validation and loading processes (Section 3.2.3), and 
concluding with the analytical fruition (Section 3.2.4). 

3.2.1. Data sources

perspective  (Bandh,  2021).  In  addition,  recent  research  on  the  social 
context of data linkage has focused specifically on the use of data re-
sources  and  technologies  to  challenge  harmful  models  of  intensive 
agriculture,  including  a  reflection  on  how  the  incentive  to  use  land 
intensively,  which  is  the assumption  of most  digital  technologies  and 
data collection systems, needs to be linked to a more critical perspective 
that  takes  into  account  the  ecological  damage  caused  by  agriculture 
(Leonelli and Williamson, 2023a; Leonelli and Williamson, 2023b).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not available in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.