Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

2022),  biomass  density  (Duncanson  et  al.,  2022),  forest  fuels  classifi-
cation (Hoffr´en et al., 2023) and surface elevation (Quir´os et al., 2021) 
which are key components for a global monitoring of forest ecosystems. 
Limitations at local scale arise because of the generalized footprint and 
the  sparse  sampling  design  (Liu  et  al.,  2022).  To  extrapolate  GEDI 
samples  for  continuous  information  on  vegetation  structure,  multiple 
approaches  have  been  developed  fusing  GEDI  samples  with  passive 
optical images in machine learning models (Liu et al., 2022; Rishmawi 
et al., 2021; Kacic et al., 2021). At global scale, Potapov et al. (2021) 
made use of machine learning algorithms to compute and derive a global 
forest  canopy  height  map  (hereafter  “Potapov30m”)  at  30  m  spatial 
resolution fusing GEDI and phenology metrics based on Landsat 8 OLI 
imagery. More recently Lang et al. (2022), Lang et al. (2022), produced a

Heumann, B.W., Hackett, R.A., Monfils, A.K., 2015. Testing the spectral diversity 

hypothesis using spectroscopy data in a simulated wetland community. Ecol. Inform. 
25, 29–34. 

Hoffr´en, R., Lamelas, M.T., de la Riva, J., Domingo, D., Montealegre, A.L., García- 

Martín, A., Revilla, S., 2023. Assessing gedi-nasa system for forest fuels classification 
using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 116, 103175. 
Huang, H., Gong, P., Cheng, X., Clinton, N., Li, Z., 2009. Improving measurement of 

forest structural parameters by co-registering of high resolution aerial imagery and 
low density lidar data. Sensors 9 (3), 1541–1558. 

Kacic, P., Hirner, A., Da Ponte, E., 2021. Fusing sentinel-1 and-2 to model gedi-derived 
vegetation structure characteristics in gee for the paraguayan chaco. Remote Sens. 
13 (24), 5105. 

Kacic, P., Kuenzer, C., 2022. Forest biodiversity monitoring based on remotely sensed

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions several sources of raw data used in the deep learning pipeline for generating high-resolution Canopy Height Models (CHMs) and other applications related to forest ecosystem monitoring. These include:

1. Optical Images: The study uses Sentinel-2 optical images as input for their deep learning approach utilizing convolutional neural networks. These satellite images provide valuable information about the Earth's surface, including forests and vegetation structures.

2. Active Remote Sensing Data: Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) data is also mentioned as being integrated into the deep learning pipeline. This active remote sensing dataset provides detailed measurements of forest vertical structure, such as canopy height and aboveground biomass.

3. Passive Remote Sensing Data: Landsat 8 Operational Land Imager (OLI) imagery is another source of data used in conjunction with GEDI data to generate global forest canopy height maps. This passive remote sensing data offers insights into land cover changes and vegetation health over time.

4. Public Datasets: While not explicitly stated in the given context, it is worth noting that many studies rely on publicly available datasets to train and validate their deep learning models. For instance, the authors might have used existing benchmark datasets or open-source repositories containing relevant remote sensing data.

In summary, the deep learning pipeline described in the context primarily utilizes optical satellite images (such as those from Sentinel-2) and active/passive remote sensing data (like GEDI and Landsat 8 OLI) to collect raw data for various applications, including generating high-resolution CHMs and monitoring forest ecosystems globally.