Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As Fig. 3 shows, the data are first divided into five equal folds in the 
proposed  FAA-based approach.  After that,  policies will  augment each 
fold without repetition. Then, the CNN model starts to process the folds. 
In  the  next  step,  the  optimal  augment  policies  are  evaluated  and 
recognized. The output of each CNN is controlled by a Bayesian opti-
mizer. Weak policies are then removed by the controller and strong ones 
are selected. The process continues to find the optimal policies for data 
augmentation. 

2.3. The proposed approach (SCAM-Herb model) 

CNN-based methods have better performance in identifying plants, 
but still, based on data analysis and some previous research (Wang et al., 
2020, Azadnia et al., 2023), texture characteristics are very important. 
Therefore, more attention should be paid to the modules that consider 

Fig. 2. Images of three different classes of plants.

Deep learning (DL) has become an advanced method in the field of 
computer science, but despite their high learning capacity, models based 
on DL often face a challenge called overfitting. To overcome the over-
fitting problem, deep neural networks must be supported by a significant 
amount of labeled data. Data augmentation (DA) technique is used as a 
basic  method  to  quantitatively  increase  and  diversify  training  data 
(Momeny et al., 2021; Momeny et al., 2023). DA is a technique in which 
the training set is artificially increased by creating modified copies of a 
dataset using the existing data. Using a designed set of DAs instead of 
simple  random  transformations  during  data  training  can  significantly 
improve  the  generalization  ability  of  the  network  (Hsia  et  al.,  2022; 
Jahanbakhshi et al., 2021a; Momeny et al., 2022). As the name suggests, 
automatic DA methods work automatically, and help us avoid the per-

Therefore, it is important to take into account several features and 
place  emphasis  on  the  features  that  are  efficient  for  different  herbs. 
Performance  of  deep  neural  networks  will  be  enhanced  when  the 
attention  mechanism  enables  them  to  precisely  focus  on  all  relevant 
input elements. This method has become a popular technique in DL for 
text classification, image interpretation, and sentiment analysis (Wani 
et al., 2020). Models like attention mechanisms have high accuracy, and 
most of these mechanisms can be jointly trained with a basic model, such 
as a recurrent neural network or a convolutional neural network (CNN), 
using  a  regular  back-propagation  algorithm.  In  DL  models,  feature 
extraction  takes  place  hierarchically  through  CNNs  from  a  global 
perspective. At the same time, the attention mechanism focuses on the 
significant information of an image, improving the performance of CNN

In Fig. 8, the performance of the presented models in different epochs 
is  reported.  As  can  be  seen,  the  performance  of  the  proposed  models 
increases with the number of epochs and the number of training data. 
According to Fig. 8a, the SCAM-Herb model based on Tree-CA module 
with 50% of dataset and 100 epochs achieved an accuracy of 96.64%. 
With  90%  of  the  trained  dataset,  this  model  was  able  to  diagnose 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026835R. Azadnia et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 5. Schematic representation of improved split attention used in the proposed CA module: a) Mixed-CA, b) Gated-CA, c) Tree-CA, and d) GAP-CA.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details about how the trained deep learning model was deployed after the training phase. However, generally speaking, once a deep learning model is trained, it needs to be serialized and saved so that it can be loaded later for making predictions. Common ways to serialize a model include saving its weights, architecture, and hyperparameters in formats such as.h5,.pkl, or.pt files. Once the model is serialized, it can be deployed on various platforms depending on the use case. For instance, if the model is intended for real-time prediction, it could be deployed on edge devices such as Raspberry Pi or NVIDIA Jetson. Alternatively, if the model is meant for batch processing, it could be deployed on cloud platforms such as AWS Sagemaker, Google Cloud ML Engine, or Azure Machine Learning Studio. Again, the text does not specify any particular platform or deployment strategy, so this response provides a general overview of possible approaches.