Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

value gained by SPAD-502Plus (Fig. 6). Furthermore, modelling of the 
SPAD  value  was  performed  by  a)  a  simple  linear  model  (LM),  b)  a 
generalized linear model with a gamma distribution (GLM), and c) an 
artificial neural network (ANN). The dataset contained 89 valid records 
(outliers were removed according to the empirical rule), while one re-
cord represented the mean value of the total 10 spot measurements on 
one  leaf.  For  the  purpose  of  SPAD  value  modelling,  the  dataset  was 
divided  into  a  “training  dataset”  containing  60  randomly  selected  re-
cords and a “testing dataset” that contained the remaining 29 records. 
All three models were then fitted using the “training dataset” and further 
validated using the “testing dataset”.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Contact imaging 
Image analysis 
SPAD-502Plus 
Raspberry Pi 
Pi Camera 
Python

Fig.  2. Response  curves  representing  a)  spectrum  of  wavelengths  emitted  by 
the  LED  Yoldal  YZ-WS5N40N  as  the  active  light  source  of  the  proposed  pro-
totype and b) the quantum efficiency of Raspberry Pi Camera Module V2.1 with 
a CMOS Sony IMX219 8 Mpix sensor. 

Table 2 
Technical specifications of the Raspberry Pi Camera Module V2.1 with the Sony 
IMX219  sensor  chip  that  was  used  in  the  Rasp2SPAD  prototype  to  capture  a 
colour image as the source of RGB values for further calculations.  

Camera  

Lens focal length 
f-number 
Instantaneous field of view 
Field of view 

Sensor 

Image sensor type 
Resolution 
Pixel size 
Bit depth 
Operating temperature 

3.04 mm 
2.0 
0.368 mrad 
62.2 deg. (H) × 48.8 deg. (V)  

Back-lit CMOS 
8 Mpix, 3280 (H) × 2464 (V) pix 
1.12 μm (H) × 1.12 μm (V) 
10-bit 
(cid:0) 20 to +60 

C  

◦

As  the  third  approach  for  SPAD  value  modelling  based  on  the 
Rasp2SPAD indices, an artificial neural network was implemented. The 
same predictors as in the previously described LM and GLM were uti-
lized. All predictors were scaled prior to analysis. The ANN  was con-
structed empirically, with the first layer containing two input nodes (one 
per each of the two parameters that were found to be the most suitable 
by LM and GLM) and the last layer containing only one node (predicted 
SPAD value). As the fit of the ANN does not give the same output for 
each run  (because of a random number generator used for numerical 
optimization of the model), 100 successful runs were performed, and the 
model residuals obtained in each run were analysed for a more reliable 
evaluation of the model performance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this context is not explicitly stated as either classification, segmentation, or detection. However, it can be inferred from the given information that the model is being used for regression, specifically for predicting the SPAD value. This is evident from the description of the Artificial Neural Network (ANN) implementation, where the final layer contains only one node, which is intended to output the predicted SPAD value. Additionally, the use of the term 'predictor' suggests that the model is being employed to forecast or estimate a continuous variable, rather than classifying discrete categories or detecting objects within images. Therefore, although the exact terminology of 'classification','segmentation', or 'detection' is not mentioned, it can be deduced that the deep learning model is serving a regression function in this scenario.