Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

specific segmentation models. The full instructions and options are 

cluded in model training are shown in Figure 1.

provided on the GitHub repository.

2.3 | Model training procedure

2.5 | Sashimi online model repository

We first used the VGG Image Annotator Version 1.0.6 (https://www.

We constructed a website to serve as a repository for the fish seg-

robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/softw are/via/via- 1.0.6.html;  Dutta  et  al., 
2016) to manually annotate pixel coordinates to create precise po-

mentation model (presented here) and future, community generated 

organismal  segmentation  models  (https://sashi mi.shawn tyler schwa 

lygonal mask contours directly around the fish body boundary (i.e. 

rtz.com). We aim to inspire other biologists interested in automated 

where the foreground pixels of the target fish body meet those of 

segmentation to create pre- trained models for their organism(s) of 

the background). We intentionally assigned all segmentation masks

a CNN pre- trained on ImageNet, interested users could implement 

approach  optimizes  the  magnitude  of  change  for  model  weights 

a  machine  vision  task  without  needing  to  train  an  entire  neural 

SCHWARTZ And ALFARO 2041210x, 2021, 12, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13712 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseMethods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

    |  2343

network from the ground up. Although, model performance may be 

downstream  image  analysis  workflows  without  additional  training. 

weak  if  the  contents  of  input  images  are  distantly  related  or  com-

On  the  other  hand,  COCO  can  be  used  as  a  backbone  for  training

overarching  goal  of  training  a  neural  network  is  to  iteratively  min-

tional  training.  The  utility  of  pre- trained  CNNs  out- of- the- box  is 

imize the error between model output and expected output by op-

constrained by how relevant the novel input data are to the data the 

timally  adjusting  model  weights  and  reaching  model  convergence, 

CNN  was  originally  trained  on.  For  instance,  ImageNet  comprises 

such that the trained neural network generalizes well to novel input 

more  than  14  million  high- resolution  images  across  nearly  22,000 

data. Model weights are adjusted to minimize error on each subse-

categories and is often used as a starting point for recognition tasks 

quent run using an algorithm called stochastic gradient descent with 

with deep learning (Deng et al., 2009; Krizhevsky et al., 2017). Using 

backpropagation  (LeCun  et  al.,  1989;  Rumelhart  et  al.,  1995).  This

have  revealed  promising  utility  for  automating  data  collection  ap-

data  collection  increase.  Computer  vision  techniques  provide  one 

proaches for studies in ecology and evolutionary biology at substan-

means  for  accurate  and  scalable  image  pre- processing  in  biology 

tially greater speeds than manual approaches (Christin et al., 2019; 

(Lürig et al., 2021; Muñoz & Price, 2019; Porto & Voje, 2020).

Lürig et al., 2021; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; Schneider et al., 2019). To 

Machine learning, and especially deep learning algorithms, which 

illustrate, deep learning with CNNs has been successful for ecologi-

permit  the  identification  and  classification  of  complex  patterns  in 

cal applications, including the automated identification of sea turtles 

noisy environments (Carranza- Rojas et al., 2017; Cheng et al., 2017; 

(Gray et al., 2018) and segmentation of cetaceans (Gray et al., 2019)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not explicitly mention the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. However, it does state that the model uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture and mentions the use of stochastic gradient descent with backpropagation for weight optimization. These details suggest that common hyperparameters associated with these methods were likely considered during the development of the model. Unfortunately, without more detailed information about the implementation, we cannot provide a definitive list of the exact hyperparameters used.

Answer:::

Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. However, it is mentioned that the model uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture and employs stochastic gradient descent with backpropagation for weight optimization. These details suggest that common hyperparameters associated with these methods were likely considered during the development of the model. Without more detailed information about the implementation, it is not possible to provide a definitive list of the exact hyperparameters used.