Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020454D. Rocchini et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Colour blindness 
Computational ecology 
Ecological informatics 
Mapping 
R 
Scientific communication

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Scientific maps should reach everyone: The cblindplot R package to let 
colour blind people visualise spatial patterns 

Duccio Rocchini a,b, *, 1, Jakub Nowosad c,1, Rossella D’Introno d, Ludovico Chieffallo a, 
Giovanni Bacaro e, Roberto Cazzolla Gatti a, Giles M. Foody f, Reinhard Furrer g, h, Luk´aˇs G´abor i,j, 
Marco Malavasi b, k, Matteo Marcantonio l, Elisa Marchetto a, Vítˇezslav Moudrý b, Carlo Ricotta m, 
Petra 

ˇ
Símov´a b, Michele Torresani n, Elisa Thouverai a

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020452D. Rocchini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

color  gradient.  This  might  seriously  impact  scholars  and  students  of 
scientific learning having no proper access to graphing parts of articles 
and/or books (Albany-Ward and Sobande, 2015).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain any details about a specific deep learning pipeline or its associated data repository links such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, it is impossible to provide the requested information based on the given context.