Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

information usable as annotations for network training.

To  train  the  network,  we  follow  the  base  method  proposed  in 
K¨orschens et al. (2021b). This approach, which we will refer to as seg-
mentation  pre-training,  is  motivated  by  four  aspects.  First,  there  is 
usually only little training data available for plant cover estimation data, 
as  annotating  such  images  is  highly  laborious.  CNNs  usually  require 
large amounts of training data to perform well. Therefore, it would be 
advantageous to be able to utilize additional external training data to 
improve  the  training  results.  Second,  transfer  learning,  the  task  of 
training the network on larger datasets first, followed by fine-tuning the 
network on the target task, has been shown to improve the performance 
of  CNNs  drastically  (Kornblith  et  al.,  2019).  Third,  in  previous  in-
vestigations (K¨orschens et al., 2021a) also found that performing pre- 
training  on  domain-related  image  data  (e.g.,  images  containing  the

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102516. 

References 

Altalak, M., Ammad uddin, M., Alajmi, A., Rizg, A., 2022. Smart agriculture applications 

using deep learning technologies: A survey. Appl. Sci. 12 (12), 5919. 

Bambil, D., Pistori, H., Bao, F., Weber, V., Alves, F.M., Gonçalves, E.G., de Alencar 
Figueiredo, L.F., Abreu, U.G., Arruda, R., Bortolotto, I.M., 2020. Plant species 
identification using color learning resources, shape, texture, through machine 
learning and artificial neural networks. Environ. Syst. Decis. 40 (4), 480–484. 
Bauer, T., Strauss, P., 2014. A rule-based image analysis approach for calculating 

residues and vegetation cover under field conditions. Catena 113, 363–369. 

Blaschke, T., 2010. Object based image analysis for remote sensing. ISPRS J. 

Photogramm. Remote Sens. 65 (1), 2–16.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Plant biodiversity 
Plant cover 
Deep learning 
Convolutional neural networks 
Semantic segmentation 
Artificial intelligence

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given information does not provide details about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. It focuses mainly on the methodology and motivation behind the network training process, including the use of segmentation pre-training and transfer learning techniques. To find out more about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, one might need to look into other sources or contact the authors directly.