Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

We implemented a deep neural network algorithm
(Goodfellow et al. 2016)—IUC-NN—as an R package
(IUCNN, available at https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN)
based on the Python (version 3.7) TensorFlow (https://
www.tensorflow.org) library to predict the conservation
status of unevaluated orchid species. We based the pre-
dictions on 4 groups of features, derivable from digitally
available occurrence records: geographic (mean latitude
and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent
of occurrence [EOO], area of occupancy [AOO], number
of locations [sensu IUCN], and occurrence records); cli-
matic (mean of 19 bioclim variables [Karger et al. 2017]);
biome (presence in 14 biomes [Olson et al. 2001]); and

anthropogenic (mean Human Footprint Index [Wildlife
Conservation Society & International Earth Science In-
formation Network 2005]).

Royal Botanic Gardens Kew. 2010. Plants under pressure—a global as-
sessment: the first report of the IUCN sampled red list index for
plants. Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew,Richmond, United Kingdom.
Schmidt M, et al. 2017. Diversity, distribution and preliminary conser-
vation status of the flora of Burkina Faso. Phytotaxa Monographs
304:1–215.

Silvestro D, Andermann T. 2020. Prior choice affects ability
to identify unknowns. arXiv,

of Bayesian neural networks
https://doi.org/arXiv:2005.04987.

Subedi A, Kunwar B, Choi Y, Dai Y, van Andel T, Chaudhary RP, de
Boer HJ, Gravendeel B. 2013. Collection and trade of wild-harvested
orchids in Nepal. Journal of Ethnobiology and Ethnomedicine 9:64.
Swarts ND, Dixon KW. 2009. Perspectives on orchid conservation in

botanic gardens. Trends in Plant Science 14:590–598.

Swarts N, Dixon K. 2017. Conservation methods for terrestrial orchids.

J. Ross Publishing, Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Pfab MF, Victor JE, Armstrong AJ. 2011. Application of the IUCN Red
Listing system to setting species targets for conservation planning
purposes. Biodiversity and Conservation 20:1001–1012.

R Core Team. 2019. R: a language and environment for statisti-
cal computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna,
Austria.

Rivers MC, Taylor L, Brummitt NA, Meagher TR, Roberts DL, Lughadha
EN. 2011. How many herbarium specimens are needed to detect
threatened species? Biological Conservation 144:2541–2547.

Roberts DL, Taylor L, Joppa LN. 2016. Threatened or data deficient: as-
sessing the conservation status of poorly known species. Diversity
and Distributions 22:558–565.

Rodrigues ASL, Pilgrim JD, Lamoreux JF, Hoffmann M, Brooks TM.
2006. The value of the IUCN Red List for conservation. Trends in
Ecology & Evolution 21:71–76.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions that the implementation of the deep neural network algorithm, called IUC-NN, is available as an R package named IUCNN on GitHub (<https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN>). It also states that the predictions were made using digitally available occurrence records, but no specific repositories are mentioned. Therefore, without additional information, we cannot determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is located.