Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

specific segmentation models. The full instructions and options are 

cluded in model training are shown in Figure 1.

provided on the GitHub repository.

2.3 | Model training procedure

2.5 | Sashimi online model repository

We first used the VGG Image Annotator Version 1.0.6 (https://www.

We constructed a website to serve as a repository for the fish seg-

robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/softw are/via/via- 1.0.6.html;  Dutta  et  al., 
2016) to manually annotate pixel coordinates to create precise po-

mentation model (presented here) and future, community generated 

organismal  segmentation  models  (https://sashi mi.shawn tyler schwa 

lygonal mask contours directly around the fish body boundary (i.e. 

rtz.com). We aim to inspire other biologists interested in automated 

where the foreground pixels of the target fish body meet those of 

segmentation to create pre- trained models for their organism(s) of 

the background). We intentionally assigned all segmentation masks

interest and share them to the Sashimi online database for the rest 

for each image a class label name corresponding to the general bio-

of  the  community  to  use  and  build  upon.  All  models  will  be  open- 

logical name of the organism (e.g. ‘fish’). Given that our intention is 

source and available to download, and users can submit requests to 

to  build  broad,  organism- specific  models  one- by- one,  we  suggest 

share new models, which will be evaluated before becoming publicly 

building organism- specific training sets where all segmentation con-

available.

tours  across  images  are  labelled  the  same  name  (i.e.  ‘whale’).  We 

then used these coordinates to train a model using transfer learning 

(Razavian et al., 2014) with the COCO pre- trained weights (Lin et al., 

2.6 | Evaluating fish segmentation model efficacy

2014), a ResNet- 101 (a CNN with 101 layers; He et al., 2016) and a

Love, J., Selker, R., Marsman, M., Jamil, T., Dropmann, D., Verhagen, J., Ly, 
A., Gronau, Q. F., Šmíra, M., & Epskamp, S. (2019). JASP: Graphical 
statistical  software  for  common  statistical  designs.  Journal  of 
Statistical Software, 88, 1– 17.

Lürig, M. D., Donoughe, S., Svensson, E. I., Porto, A., & Tsuboi, M. (2021). 
Computer  vision,  machine  learning,  and  the  promise  of  phenom-
ics  in  ecology  and  evolutionary  biology.  Frontiers  in  Ecology  and 
Evolution, 9. https://doi.org/10.3389/fevo.2021.642774

Maia,  R.,  Eliason,  C.  M.,  Bitton,  P.- P.,  Doucet,  S.  M.,  &  Shawkey,  M.  D. 
(2013). pavo: An R package for the analysis, visualization and orga-
nization of spectral data. Methods in Ecology and Evolution.

have  revealed  promising  utility  for  automating  data  collection  ap-

data  collection  increase.  Computer  vision  techniques  provide  one 

proaches for studies in ecology and evolutionary biology at substan-

means  for  accurate  and  scalable  image  pre- processing  in  biology 

tially greater speeds than manual approaches (Christin et al., 2019; 

(Lürig et al., 2021; Muñoz & Price, 2019; Porto & Voje, 2020).

Lürig et al., 2021; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; Schneider et al., 2019). To 

Machine learning, and especially deep learning algorithms, which 

illustrate, deep learning with CNNs has been successful for ecologi-

permit  the  identification  and  classification  of  complex  patterns  in 

cal applications, including the automated identification of sea turtles 

noisy environments (Carranza- Rojas et al., 2017; Cheng et al., 2017; 

(Gray et al., 2018) and segmentation of cetaceans (Gray et al., 2019)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the given information whether they used methods such as grid search or random search for optimization.