Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 4. An excerpt of the map is shown in (a). The areas that are annotated as wetlands, produced by a human, is coloured with blue and shown in (c). The cor-
responding annotation that is produced by a CNN, which has not seen this part of the map during training, is shown in (d). The similarities and differences between 
these two annotations are shown in (b). Here the areas for which the human and the CNN annotations are the same are displayed in green. The areas where the CNN 
annotate the land as wetland but the human did not (false positives) is displayed in pink. Finally, the areas that the humans annotated as wetland but, the CNN did 
not recognise as such (false negatives) are displayed in orange. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web 
version of this article.)

The  presented  CNN  performs  well  and  achieves  a  F1-score  of  0.886  when  evaluated  using  a  10-fold  cross 
validation over the data. The trained models are additionally used to generate a GIS layer of the presumable 
historical geographical distribution of wetlands for the area that is depicted in the southern collection in Gen-
eralstabskartan, which covers the southern half of Sweden. This GIS layer is released as an open resource and can 
be freely used.

overfitting. These samples are selected randomly from all areas that are 
used in the training set, and are never used to fit the model. The model is 
trained for 150 epochs and with a batch size of 128. Dropout (Srivastava 
et al., 2014) with a rate of 0.3 is used during the training to make it more 
stable. Furthermore, ADAM optimisation (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a 
learning  rate  of  0.0001  is  used  to  find  optimal  weights  in  the  neural 
network in order to minimise the cross entropy loss between the net-
work’s predictions and the pre-labelled data.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Identifying wetland areas in historical maps using deep convolutional 
neural networks 

Niclas Ståhl a,b, *, Lisa Weimann c 
a J¨onk¨oping Artificial Intelligence Lab, J¨onk¨oping University, Sweden 
b Sk¨ovde Artificial Intelligence Lab, University of Sk¨ovde, Kanikegr¨and 3, 541 34 Sk¨ovde, Sweden 
c County Administrative Board of J¨onk¨oping, Sweden   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Analysis of historical maps 
Convolutional neural networks 
Wetland management 
Wetland restoration

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in identifying wetland areas in historical maps using deep convolutional neural networks. Therefore, without additional context or resources, it is impossible to provide the requested code repository link.