Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 1 
Sample sizes for training, test, and validation groups for discriminant analysis of 
species and sex.   

Species Discrimination 

Fisher Sex Discrimination  

Marten 
Tracks 

Fisher 
Tracks 

Training 
Validation 
Test 
Total 

82 
43 
42 
167 

184 
92 
91 
367 

Individuals 
Total (Male/ 
Female) 

29 (17/12) 
19 (9/10) 
15 (7/8) 
63 (33/30) 

Tracks 
Total (Male/ 
Female) 

169 (72/97) 
99 (55/44) 
99 (50/49) 
367 (177/190)  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024315J.M. Tucker et al.

To identify variables with the greatest potential to discriminate be-
tween classes of objects (e.g., species or fisher sex) we used a predictor 
screening analysis that uses bootstrap forest partitioning to evaluate the 
contribution  of  predictors  on  the  response  object.  For  each  response 
object  we  employed  predictor  screening  using  1000  decision  trees  to 
evaluate all 124 potential FIT metrics. We then used the top predictor 
variables to evaluate the dataset for two potential sources of bias, 1) the 
use of mirrored right front tracks instead of only left front tracks (foot 
position  bias)  and  2)  the  potential  for  bias  between  observers  when 
manually  marking  the  landmark  points  in  the  FIT  interface (observer 
bias) which is a somewhat subjective process. Foot position (left-front or 
right-front) of each track was recorded for each track during the feature 
extraction  process.  To  evaluate  observer  bias  we  had  3  different  ob-

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

Alibhai  et  al.,  2023)  further  simplifies  the  approach,  increasing  effi-
ciency in the FIT process by requiring fewer landmark points, and also 
making it easier to employ on tracks of varying quality that may lack 
edge definition.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not directly mention any specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline like bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses the use of Fisher's Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA), a machine learning technique, for classifying animal species and sex based on their footprints. In this case, the authors used manual landmark point markings in the FIT interface, which could be considered a form of data annotation. This process involves identifying key features within images (animal footprints) and labeling them accordingly. While this isn't explicitly one of the mentioned techniques (bounding box annotation, instance segmentation), it still falls under the broader category of data annotation.