Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Analysis of noise reduction efficiency

tained  a  dataset  comprising  clean  bird  sounds;  the  spectrograms  are 
shown in Fig. 2. The dataset contained 1568 clean bird sound segments, 
with  the  duration  of  each  ranging  from  4  to  20  s.  Among  these,  we 
randomly selected 68 segments as the clean bird sound test set and used

number of labeled bird sounds for training and has the shortest noise 
reduction time among the algorithms assessed in the present study, with

Let  Λ0, ……, Λ15  represent  the  16  connected  layers  of  the  noise 
reduction network, where Λ0  and Λ15  represent the input and output 
layers,  respectively.  For  k = 1, …, 14,  each  intermediate  layer  Λk ∈
{
was  obtained  from  the  previous  layer  Λk(cid:0) 1  with  the 
Λ1, …, Λ14

}

following operation: 

(

Λk

i = Ψ

Γk

(

∑

Λk(cid:0) 1
j

) )

*rk Kk
i,j

,

(1)  

j

j 

i  is the i-th feature map of layer Λk, Λk(cid:0) 1

where Λk
is the j-th feature map 
of  layer  Λk(cid:0) 1,Kk
i,j  is  a  3 × 1  dilated  convolution  kernel,  and  Γk  is  an 
adaptive normalization operator. The operator *rk  is a dilated convolu-
tion;  the  dilation  factor  for  the  k-th  layer  is  set  at  rk = 2k(cid:0) 1;  for 
k ∈ {1, …, 13}. We did not use dilation (i.e., r14 = 1) between layer Λ13 
and Λ14. For the output layer Λ15, a linear transformation was used to 
synthesize the output signal samples, 

(2)  

∑

Λ15 =

Λ14

j × K14

j + b,

j

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether grid search, random search, or any other method was used for hyperparameter optimization based solely on this context.