Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Dataset

Deep learning approaches require a vast amount of examples to
perform well, otherwise the models can overﬁt to the data. For ex-
ample, COCO (common objects in context) dataset has more than
330,000 of images (Lin et al., 2014). Under those circumstances, it is
essential to build our own dataset due to the lack of previous in-
formation. In this section, we present the methodology that we follow
to build our dataset coupled with an analysis of it.

3.1. Case of study

The Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley is located in the south of Mexico,
between the states of Puebla and Oaxaca. The center of the area is lo-
cated at 18.1605° latitude and −97.4202° longitude (decimal degrees)
and covers an area of 10,000 km2. See Fig. 2. Its arid condition is due to
natural walls that surround it, by east the east mountain chain (sierra

5.4. Dataset extension

The proposed approach has shown good performance (accuracy) for
cactus recognition in aerial images. One way to improve the current
accuracy could be to make deeper the current CNN, however, im-
proving the accuracy with a deeper network will tend to memorize the
dataset due to the model capacity (Goodfellow et al., 2016), causing
model overﬁtting. A better improvement to the current work is to in-
clude more examples in the dataset. Such examples should be obtained
under diﬀerent conditions, some variations are diﬀerent daylight con-
ditions or diﬀerent year seasons. Diﬀerent season pictures will provide
a distinctive context because the rainy season changes all valley's ve-
getation.

Fig. 11. Confusion matrix.

Fig. 13. Example of a cactus image. The axes indicate pixel indices.

136

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 14. Learned kernels and feature maps. The axes indicate pixel indices.

6. Conclusions

5.1. Data augmentation accuracy

A common practice to improve the accuracy of a deep learning
model is to do data augmentation. In this section, we compare the ac-
curacy of the network when data augmentation is included during
training. The compared training variations are the following:

(cid:129) No augmentation. The patches only are resized to 32 × 32 and

normalized.

Fig. 8. Training loss.

Fig. 9. Training accuracy.

Fig. 7. Custom LeNet-5 network for cactus recognition.

135

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 10. Validation accuracy.

Fig. 12. Normalized confusion matrix.

(cid:129) Vertical and horizontal ﬂip. In addition to the resize and nor-
malization, the patches are ﬂip vertically or horizontally with prob-
ability 0.5. Both ﬂips are independent events.

The step of feature extraction can be complex and time consuming,
and in the end it may not extract the actual relevant characteristics. In
deep learning, the model learns and extracts the relevant features di-
rectly from the images during the training process. CNNs have shown
better performance that other machine learning techniques for the task
of image classiﬁcation (LeCun et al., 2015), what has led to its appli-
cation in several ﬁelds such as object recognition (Sun et al., 2013),
facial key-point detection (Vinyals et al., 2017) or image captioning
(Vinyals et al., 2017). Several works have been developed in the area of
plant recognition taking advantage of the strengths that these models
oﬀer. In (Grinblat et al., 2016), the authors proposed to solve the
problem of plant identiﬁcation with a approach based on leaf vein
morphology. The original images were processed to obtain vein pattern
segmentation, then the images were cropped for central patch extrac-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, there is no explicit mention of using popular datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, the paper focuses on building their custom dataset for cactus recognition in aerial images. This dataset was created specifically for the Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley region in Mexico, covering an area of 10,000 square kilometers. To improve the accuracy of the deep learning model, they considered expanding the dataset by including more examples under different conditions, such as varying daylight conditions or different seasons. Additionally, they explored the use of data augmentation techniques, comparing the accuracy of the network with and without vertical/horizontal flipping of the input patches.