Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.6. Input selection in active learning 

Active learning enhances and facilitates the labour-intensive process 
of data generation, important in this field given the scarcity of labelled 
data or the need to generate training data to target certain species (Allen 
et  al.,  2021).  It  progressively  increases  the  training  data  by  selecting 
those  samples  most  likely  to  improve  model  performance  from  pre-
dictions that a model generates over unlabelled data. Iteratively training 
new models with additional labelled data selected from their predictions 
reduces  the  extent  of  manual annotation  (Shuyang  et  al.,  2020). In  a 
similar process as the example of Tolkova et al. (2021) discussed above, 
our proposed method of using model embeddings and dimensionality 
reduction to display model predictions in EV can contribute to selecting 
the best sample candidates for manual annotation. 

4.7. Closing in on rare events

accuracy  limits  that  we  encountered  training  DNN  models  with  the 
detailed-labelled NIPS4Bplus dataset (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021). We 
drilled down on the results using another high-quality model (BirdNET) 
and  compared  it  to  our  SincNet  trained  models.  For  that,  we  experi-
mented  with  dimensionality  reduction  of  embeddings  and  an  initial 
dimensionality reduction technique (t-SNE). We generated embeddings 
using  the  BirdNET  model  on  a  randomly  selected  40%  sample  of  the

DNN  are  algorithms  consisting  of  neurons  arranged  in  successive 
layers that apply computations based on learnable parameters (weights 
and  bias)  and  activation  functions  to  inputs  from  previous  layers, 
through to an output consistent with the training data. Different types of 
layers  (convolutional,  pooling,  flatten,  etc.)  may  combine  in  large 
numbers to create complex algorithms that are difficult to interpret and 
often referred to as ‘black boxes’ (McGinn et al., 2023; Stowell, 2022). It 
is virtually impossible to follow how they use millions of parameters to 
reach a particular decision for any given input. Consequently, there is an 

array of tools and procedures to try to understand some of their inner 
workings. Here, we focus on the improved utilisation of one technique 
referred to as “analysis of embeddings”.

We  trained  some  models  from  scratch  using  the  two  datasets 
mentioned  above.  For  NIPS4Bplus  we  used  the  rich  labels  associated 
with the dataset. In the case of BirdCLEF 2020 we relied on automatic 
detailed labels generated with the noise filtering algorithm. We did not 
use species included in the Brazil extract of BirdCLEF 2020 (these are all 
species  that  are  not  included  in  the  classes  of  the  BirdNET-Analyzer 
model)  in  model  training  using  only  the  “complementary  train 
extract”  to allow comparisons of the performance of BirdNET and our 
trained models on unseen classes. Our trained models include a SincNet 
model from our earlier work (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021) and residual 
network models that we call ResNet152-architecture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, it mentions that a random 40% sample was taken from the NIPS4Bplus dataset for generating embeddings using the BirdNET model. This suggests that the remaining 60% could have been used for training purposes. Additionally, the text discusses the exclusion of specific bird species from the Brazil extract of BirdCLEF 2020 during model training to compare the performance of BirdNET and the trained models on unseen classes. This implies that the excluded species might be part of the testing set. Nevertheless, without more detailed information, it cannot be definitively stated what exact criteria were used to split the data for deep learning model training.