Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To our knowledge, this is the first application of UMAP to directly 
estimate species distribution based on an analysis of bioclimatic vari-
ables.  Other  studies  have  used  DRM  to  visualize  results  from  deep 
learning models; e.g., Deneu et al. (2022) used tSNE (another DRM) to 
visualize input data and the results of applying a convolutional neural 
network to model the distribution of species at a fine resolution. On the 
other hand, we applied clustering to identify groups containing species 
and near background points to highlight how bioclimatic heterogeneity 
between clusters in the reduced dimension translates to geographic re-
gions, i.e., to show that groups in the reduced dimension have similar 
bioclimatic  properties  within  a  group,  but  differ  among  groups  (see 
Figs. 6, 7). This behavior underlines the nature of UMAP in that back-
ground points near species samples share similar bioclimatic properties

In  ecology,  species  distribution  modeling  (SDM)  is  an  important 
research  area,  with  applications  in  conservation  management  of 
threatened species, analysis of invasive pests and climate change, and 
niche  modeling  (Franklin,  2013;  Srivastava  et  al.,  2019).  Different 
methods have been proposed to assess how bioclimatic variables influ-
ence  species  occurrence.  Some  machine  learning  techniques,  such  as 
support  vector  machines,  artificial  neural  networks,  random  forests, 
genetic algorithms, and maximum entropy, have been applied to study 
species distribution (Elith and Leathwick, 2009; Gobeyn et al., 2019). 
The fundamental problem in SDM is finding a subset of environmental 
conditions in certain regions that are similar to those in the locations 
where the individuals are found. This is normally achieved by fitting a 
model using a multivariate set of bioclimatic variables, associated with

species distribution modeling based on remote sensing imagery: how to capture fine- 
grained and large-scale vegetation ecology with convolutional neural networks? 
Front. Plant Sci. 13, 839279 https://doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2022.839279. 
Diaz-Papkovich, A., Anderson-Trocme, L., Gravel, S., 2021. A review of UMAP in 

population genetics. J. Hum. Genet. 66, 85–91. https://doi.org/10.1038/s10038- 
020-00851-4. 

Dorrity, M.W., Saunders, L.M., Queitsch, C., Fields, S., Trapnell, C., 2020. Dimensionality 
reduction by UMAP to visualize physical and genetic interactions. Nat. Commun. 11, 
1537. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-15351-4. 

Elith, J., Leathwick, J.R., 2009. Species distribution models: ecological explanation and 
prediction across space and time. Annu. Rev. Ecol. Evol. Syst. 40, 677–697. https:// 
doi.org/10.1146/annurev.ecolsys.110308.120159.

networks  for  bird  identification.  One  fundamental  difference  in  our 
study is that we used UMAP not only to visualize species and background 
classes  but  also  to  quantify  a  similarity  gradient  among  them.  This 
similarity  gradient  (see  Fig.  3)  is  generated  because  the  multivariate 
bioclimatic space of the species is a subset of its surrounding environ-
ment. Here, we measured this gradient based on the probability distri-
bution  of  species-species  distances  and  applied  this  to  background- 
species  distances.  We  considered  that  analysis  of  the  original  biocli-
matic variables would be more meaningful from an ecological point of 
view  since  they  reflect  the  ecoclimatic  conditions  in  which  a  species 
occurs.  Furthermore,  the  conventional  clustering  techniques  used  to 
separate classes in previous studies (e.g. Xiang et al. (2021)) could not be 
utilized in our case because the bioclimatic conditions of the species and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about specific optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, it mentions that other studies have used Deep Learning Models (DLMs), specifically Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), to model species distributions. In general, DLMs often use optimization techniques like SGD, Adam, or others during training to minimize loss functions and improve model performance. Without further context, I cannot determine which optimization technique was used in these studies.