Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

deeper, its optimization capability can be further improved. How- 
ever, deep CNN networks require very large amounts of training 
data. Table 6 shows examples of existing well-known datasets and 
their size as quantity of images. The biggest plant database that 
we  have  found  is  the  PlantClef2015  dataset  [6]  which  has  only 
around 113,205 number of images. This is still far from matching 
the scale and variety of existing general major datasets for images 
[51,52,55] , videos [53] or languages [54] . In addition, we can see 
that the PlantClef2015 dataset [6] has one of the largest number 
of object categories but the least number of images. For example, 
compared to the ILSVRC 2010 dataset [55] , it has less than 10% of 
their total images but the same number of categories. Hence, to

Feature 

Classiﬁer 

From Deep CNN (D1) 
From Deep CNN (D1) 
From Deep CNN (D2) 
From Deep CNN (D2) 
LeafSnap [7] 
LeafSnap [7] 
HCF [8] 
HCF-ScaleRobust [8] 
Combine [8] 
SIFT [37] 

MLP 
SVM (linear) 
MLP 
SVM (linear) 
SVM (RBF) 
NN 
SVM (RBF) 
SVM (RBF) 
Sum rule (SVM (linear)) 
SVM (linear) 

Acc 

0.977 
0.981 
0.995 
0.993 
0.420 
0.589 
0.716 
0.665 
0.951 
0.588

2. Deep learning 

Deep learning is a class of techniques in machine learning tech- 
nology, consisting of multiple processing layers that allow repre- 
sentation  learning  of  multiple  level  data  abstraction.  The  gist  of 
DL is its capacity to create and extrapolate new features from raw 
representations of input data without having to be told explicitly 
which features to use and how to extract them. 

In the plant identiﬁcation domain, numerous studies have fo- 
cused on procedures or algorithms that maximize the use of leaf 
databases, and this always leads to a norm that leaf features are 
liable  to  change  with  different  leaf  data  and  feature  extraction 
techniques. Heretofore, we have been engaged with ambiguity sur- 
rounding the subset of features that best represent the leaf data. 
Hence, in the present study, instead of delving into the creation of

Based on all the facts that support the eﬃciency of leaf fea- 
tures learned using CNN for species identiﬁcation, it now appears 
undeniable  that  CNN  is  a  key  tool  to  assist  researchers  to  dis- 
cover which the leaf features are most effective for plant species 
identiﬁcation. Nevertheless, we come up against a common ques- 
tion that is often arises in the ﬁeld of deep learning: how many 
convolutional layers are required in CNN to achieve the best opti- 
mization ability in modeling plant data? Is using only the AlexNet 
model suﬃcient? Based on numerous publications on object clas- 
siﬁcation  benchmarks,  we  observe  a  dramatic  increase  in  depth 
for CNN in achieving the state-of-the-art result. For example: from 
5 convolutional layers in AlexNet [32] to 16 in VGGNet [48] , 21 
in GoogleNet [49] , and then to 164 in ResNet [50] . This conveys 
the important message that when the network goes deeper and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the specific process used to deploy the trained deep learning model. However, based on typical practices in deploying deep learning models, some possible steps could include:

* Serializing the model: After training the deep learning model, it needs to be saved in a format that can be loaded later for deployment. Common formats include HDF5, ONNX, TensorFlow SavedModel, etc.
* Selecting a platform: Once the model is serialized, it needs to be deployed on a suitable platform. Depending on the application requirements, this could range from cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCP, etc., to edge devices such as Raspberry Pi, NVIDIA Jetson, etc.
* Loading the model: After selecting the platform, the serialized model needs to be loaded onto the platform. This involves writing code to load the model from disk and initialize any necessary variables.
* Making predictions: Finally, once the model is loaded, it can be used to make predictions on new data. This typically involves preprocessing the input data, passing it through the model, and postprocessing the output to obtain the final prediction.