Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Computing tools 

All the calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific 
computing centre of the Universit`a degli Studi della Tuscia. The system 
provides  for  two  Hewlett  Packard  Enterprise  (HPE)  ProLiant  DL560 
Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with: four processors Intel Xeon Gold 
5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads; and 512 GB of RAM. The two nodes 
worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package 
Ray,  version  1.9.2.  All  the  scripts  and  dataset  to  fully  reproduce  the 
results of this work are publicly available at https://github.com/lucar 
os1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo. 

2.5. Preliminary analysis with perturbed numerical solutions and given 
parameters

The hybrid MCMC algorithm provides a series of independent chains 
containing a trace of values for each parameter to estimate. The traces 
corresponding to each chain are stored in specific text files and can be 
further analysed to obtain the final parameter values, their distribution, 
and  their  associated  uncertainty.  The  key  point  of  this  phase  of  the 
process is to evaluate if each chain provides a set of “best” values that are 
“suitable” to represent, once inserted into the model, the field dataset. In 
case different chains lead to a set of best-fitting parameters that faith-
fully represent the field data, the corresponding traces can be merged to 
obtain the final value as the mean of their values and the uncertainty as 
the standard deviation.

Precision Agriculture (PA) (Rossi et al., 2010), according to which inputs

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I apologize, but there isn't any information about data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline within the provided context. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to your query.