Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ML  techniques  have  great  utility  in  analysing  complex  databases, 
providing  flexible  alternative  to  the  traditional  statistical  techniques 
applied  in  different  fields  of  research  (Cutler  et  al.,  2007;  Lindegren 
et al., 2020; Smoli´nski and Radtke, 2017; Wiff et al., 2022). For example, 
here our RF models naturally modelled potential interactions, and there 
was no need to carefully specify model complexity. Further, there were 
significant correlations among almost all the predictors used (P < 0.05), 
indicative of concerning levels of collinearity for traditional statistical 
modelling – in particular if used in model selection and inference where 
the standard errors become inflated (Fig. S3). In the predictive model-
ling context with RF, these collinearities are of little concern. 

Our  analyses  from  the  RF  identified  the  GSI  and  TL  as  the  most 
important covariates in determining maturate stage, in agreement with

are  influencing  the  reproductive  process  ought  to  be  considered.  The 
incorporation  of  covariates  on  the  reproductive  process  requires 
analytical tools beyond the simple description of gonadal development. 
During  the  last  decade  the  application  of  Machine  Learning  (ML) 
techniques has grown in many research areas, serving to model complex 
relationships in ecology, genetics, and climate change (Lindegren et al., 
2020;  Rolnick  et  al.,  2022;  Schrider  and  Kern,  2018;  Smoli´nski  and 
Radtke, 2017). Machine learning algorithms use computational methods 
to  “learn”  directly  from  data  without  relying  on  a  carefully  defined 
function  as  a  model  -  in  contrast  to  a  linear  model  say,  where  the 
function must be made explicit. They are generally predictive models 
and characterised by having few assumptions and little dependency on 
the  classic  statistical  assumptions  of  conventional  models  (e.g.  error

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Applying machine learning to predict reproductive condition in fish 

Andr´es Flores a,*, Rodrigo Wiff b, c, Carl R. Donovan d,e, Patricio G´alvez f 
a Independent Researcher, Vi˜na del Mar, Chile 
b Center of Applied Ecology and Sustainability (CAPES), Pontificia Universidad Cat´olica de Chile, Santiago, Chile 
c Instituto Milenio en Socio-Ecología Costera (SECOS), Chile 
d DMP Statistical Solutions UK Ltd, St. Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
e School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of St Andrews, Scotland, United Kingdom 
f Divisi´on de Investigaci´on Pesquera, Instituto de Fomento Pesquero, Valparaíso, Chile   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Histology 
Gonadosomatic index 
Maturity 
Random forest 
Merluccius gayi gayi

Sancho, G., Solow, A.R., Lobel, P.S., 2000. Environmental influences on the diel timing of 

spawning in coral reef fishes. Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser. 206, 193–212. 

Schrider, D.R., Kern, A.D., 2018. Supervised machine learning for population genetics: a 

new paradigm. Trends Genet. 34, 301–312. 

Slembrouck, J., Arifin, O.Z., Pouil, S., Subagia, J., Yani, A., Kristanto, A.H., Legendre, M., 
2019. Gender identification in farmed giant gourami (Osphronemus goramy): a 
methodology for better broodstock management. Aquaculture. 498, 388–395. 
Smoli´nski, S., Radtke, K., 2017. Spatial prediction of demersal fish diversity in the Baltic 
Sea: comparison of machine learning and regression-based techniques. ICES J. Mar. 
Sci. 74, 102–111. 

Tascheri, R., 2022. Estatus y posibilidades de explotaci´on biol´ogicamente sustentables de 
los principales recursos pesqueros nacionales, a˜no 2022: Merluza común. IFOP- 
SUBPESCA Technical Report, p. 143. https://www.ifop.cl/en/busqueda-de-informes 
/.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention any specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which frameworks were used based solely on this information.