Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.6. Input selection in active learning 

Active learning enhances and facilitates the labour-intensive process 
of data generation, important in this field given the scarcity of labelled 
data or the need to generate training data to target certain species (Allen 
et  al.,  2021).  It  progressively  increases  the  training  data  by  selecting 
those  samples  most  likely  to  improve  model  performance  from  pre-
dictions that a model generates over unlabelled data. Iteratively training 
new models with additional labelled data selected from their predictions 
reduces  the  extent  of  manual annotation  (Shuyang  et  al.,  2020). In  a 
similar process as the example of Tolkova et al. (2021) discussed above, 
our proposed method of using model embeddings and dimensionality 
reduction to display model predictions in EV can contribute to selecting 
the best sample candidates for manual annotation. 

4.7. Closing in on rare events

deployment, when a trained model is run through field recordings, we 
can again rely on EV to select possible calls of the Coxen’s fig-parrot.

We  trained  some  models  from  scratch  using  the  two  datasets 
mentioned  above.  For  NIPS4Bplus  we  used  the  rich  labels  associated 
with the dataset. In the case of BirdCLEF 2020 we relied on automatic 
detailed labels generated with the noise filtering algorithm. We did not 
use species included in the Brazil extract of BirdCLEF 2020 (these are all 
species  that  are  not  included  in  the  classes  of  the  BirdNET-Analyzer 
model)  in  model  training  using  only  the  “complementary  train 
extract”  to allow comparisons of the performance of BirdNET and our 
trained models on unseen classes. Our trained models include a SincNet 
model from our earlier work (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021) and residual 
network models that we call ResNet152-architecture.

4.2. Model selection 

The  most  apparent  use  of  EV  is  as  an  aid  in  selecting  the  most 
appropriate trained model for an intended bioacoustic task or selecting 
base models for use in transfer learning. It is common practice to train 
multiple  models  on  the  same  dataset,  but  there  is  little  else  beyond 
manual  review  and  performance  metrics  (statistical  comparisons  be-
tween the model predictions and known classes from a held-out part of 
the training dataset or an unrelated labelled datasets) to guide decision 
making. We propose to complement these metrics with the use of EV to 
assess and compare characteristics and suitability of trained models.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about a specific strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. However, it mentions that multiple models were trained on the same dataset, and decisions were made based on manual reviews and performance metrics. This suggests that monitoring model performance might involve evaluating statistical comparisons between model predictions and known classes from a held-out part of the training dataset or an unrelated labeled dataset. Additionally, the text discusses using Embedding Visualization (EV) to assess and compare characteristics and suitability of trained models, which could potentially be used as another way to monitor model performance during training.