Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

learning. In: Proceedings of the IEEE Interna-tional Conference on Innovations in 
Intelligent Systems and Applications Conference (ASYU). 31 October–2 November. 
Chen, R., Little, R., Mihaylova, L., Delahay, R., Cox, R., 2019. Wildlife surveillance using 

deep learning methods. Ecol. Evol. 9 (17), 9453–9466. 

Corkery, G.P., Gonzales-Barron, U.A., Butler, F., Mc Donnell, K., Ward, S., 2007. 

A preliminary investigation on face recognition as a biometric identifier of sheep. 
Trans. ASABE 50, 313–320. 

Dosovitskiy, A., Beyer, L., Kolesnikov, A., Weissenborn, D., Zhai, X., Unterthiner, T., 

et al., 2021. An image is worth 16x16 words: transformers for image recognition at 
scale. In: International Conference on Learning Representations. 2,3,7. 

García, R., Aguilar, J., Toro, M., Pinto, A., Rodríguez, P., 2020. A systematic literature 
review on the use of machine learning in precision livestock farming. Comput. 
Electron. Agric. 179, 105826.

∑C

j=1,j∕=yi

es(cosθj +m/2)

(3) 

In the above formula, the number of samples in a batch, the number 
of sample classes, the cosine factor, the cosine interval, the angle be-
tween the feature and the target weight, the angle between the feature, 
and the non-target weight are all denoted by the letters n, C, s, m, θyi , 
and θj, respectively. The network can concentrate its expressive power to 

Fig. 3. DenseNet structure used in module 1.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023345H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 4. Module 2 model diagram.

ViT  is the  first significant effort to employ  a  pure Transformer on 
pictures directly, showing that it can totally replace the conventional 
convolution processes with SOTA performance. The training of the va-
nilla ViT model, however, necessitates high computing costs, according 
to  the  experimental  findings.  As  a  result,  the  utilization  of  a  hybrid 
design  that  couples  the  Transformer  with  a  CNN  backbone  (such  as 
ResNet)  is  advocated  here.  The  Transformer  may  concentrate  on 
modelling global attention using the feature that ResNet extracted. Ac-
cording to the experimental findings, the hybrid approach can deliver 
better performance with comparatively less computing work. The main 
objective of this work was to create a model that accurately identifies 
sika deer using the idea.

6.1. Vision transformer 

Transformer (Vaswani et al., 2017), which is a deep neural network 
first created for natural language processing (NLP), was built on a self- 
attention mechanism that makes it possible for noticeably huge recep-
tive  fields.  The Transformer  has become  a  de facto industry  standard 
procedure in NLP because of its remarkable efficiency, and it has also 
motivated  researchers  in  the  field  of  computer  vision  to  investigate 
applications  by  utilizing  the  long-term  relationships  between  pixels 
(Khan et al., 2022).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not provide any details about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only discusses various research papers related to wildlife surveillance using deep learning methods, face recognition as a biometric identifier of sheep, and the use of machine learning in precision livestock farming. There is no mention of any specific code repositories or links to them. Therefore, based on the provided information, we cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.