Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Trails  were  collected  from  free-ranging  Amur  tiger,  of  unknown 
identity, at the study sites. Table 2 reports the trail ID collected for each 
trail. As described above (Section 3.1) sub-trails were formed where >10 
footprints existed in any one trail. For example, the table indicates that 
using the 25 left hind footprints from trail MW09, we were able to derive 
four sub-trails. Section 3.5 below explains how the sex classification for 
images and the resulting designations for each trail were made. 

3.3. Data validation to determine the optimal size for algorithm training 
and test sets

observational uncertainty is associated with classifying images of spe-
cies with individually-unique markings, and how this subsequently in-
fluences  confidence  in  abundance  estimates.  However,  as  machine 
learning and computer vision techniques advance it is likely that they 
will  offer  increasingly  reliable  alternatives  to  human  assessment  for 
camera-trap  images  (Hermona  and  Sharmab,  2021)  and  possibly  also 
footprint identification. Another potential camera-trap consideration is 
that  tigers  have  been  noted  to  avoid  them,  and  potentially  any  such 
intrusion may limit the ability of conclusions to be drawn from animal 
behaviour obtained by camera-trapping (Meek et al., 2016; Wegge et al., 
2004). Caravaggi et al. (2020) review camera-trap literature and iden-
tify three key challenges: disturbance caused by cameras, variation in 
animal-detection parameters across camera models and biased detection

The equipment required for the implementation of FIT is minimal. A 
basic digital camera (e,g. a Sony CyberShot) or smartphone can capture 
data at a minimum recommended 1600 × 1200 pixels. A metric scale is 
required. Images can be stored on an external or cloud-based drive. A 
standard home-office laptop computer can run the required analyses. In 
areas where human resources are already deployed for monitoring at- 
risk species (eg anti-poaching or community-outreach), data collection 
can be integrated at very little extra cost. In areas where this is not the 
case,  salaries  for  data  collectors  are  required  for  fieldwork,  but  this 
comes with the benefits of community capacity-building. The costs of 
implementing camera-trap or eDNA survey for low density populations 
may be considerably higher but will vary greatly depending on the area 
to be surveyed and local costs. Jewell et al. (2020) offered a qualitative

Table  2  (see  also  3.2  above)  shows  the  distribution  of  footprints 
classified as male or female for each trail. The trails and sub-trails for 
free-ranging tigers were classified by sex as F (female) or M (male) using 
the method described by Gu et al., 2014. A total of 212 footprint images 
were collected from 12 trails and subjected to sex discrimination anal-
ysis. Based on classification within trails, of the 121 images 11 were not 
consistent with the majority of images in each trail, giving an accuracy 
of 90.1%. An analysis for females gave 8 inconsistently assigned images 
out of 60 (accuracy of 87%). For males, 3 images of 61 were inconsis-
tently assigned giving an accuracy of 95.1%. 

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)1019476S.K. Alibhai et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the data format used in the deep learning pipeline appears to be images. Specifically, the context mentions the use of footprint images for sex discrimination analysis. It does not mention other types of data formats like audio, video, or CSV files. Therefore, it can be concluded that the primary data format used in this case is images.