Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025817S. Ghosh et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 4 
Search space of CNN hyperparameters to be explored.  

Hyperparameters 

Range 

Convolution Layers 
Filters 
Filter Size 
Number of Neuron 
Batch Size 
Epochs 
CNN Model Optimizer 

Lower limit = 1 and Upper limit = 10 
Lower limit = 1 and Upper limit = 64 
Lower limit = 1 and Upper limit = 10 
Lower limit = 32 and Upper limit = 1024 
Lower limit = 8 and Upper limit = 512 
Lower limit = 1 and Upper limit = 25 
ADAM, SGD, RMSProp, Adadelta, Adagrad, Adamax

71.17% 

98.7% 

Ganguly et al., 2022b) 

DDYOLOv5 and ResNet-50 (Hu et al., 

Pine tree classification 

98.71% 

2022) 

Deep Attention Dense CNN model ( 

Pandey and Jain, 2022b) 

Dense convolutional neural networks 

Plant leaf disease 
classification 
Plant disease classification 

97.33% 

99.1% 

() 

Proposed Approach 

Plant leaf classification 

98.97  

6.1.2. CVIP100 dataset

means that the model remembered the training data too well and was 
not able to adapt well to the validation data. Dropout is used to help the 
model reduce the gap between the training and validation results and 
improve its generalizability.

hyperparameters.  The  hyperparameters  with  the  current  results  are 
saved until better accuracy is achieved. The termination criterion of the 
proposed approach is the maximum number of iterations to be executed. 
After the completion of the iterations, the proposed approach provides 
us with the best hyperparameters, thus evolving the near-optimal CNN. 
The  overall  complexity  is  dominated  by  the  iterations,  “TC”,  and 
within  each  iteration,  the  operations  depend  on  the  population  size 
“NP”.  Therefore,  the  total  complexity  can  be  approximated  as 
O(TC*NP).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training typically include a training set, a validation set, and a testing set. The training set is used to fit the model, while the validation set is used to tune the parameters of the model. The testing set is then used to evaluate the performance of the final model. In this case, the authors use a combination of cross-validation and holdout methods to split their data into these sets. Cross-validation involves splitting the data into k subsets or folds, where one fold is held out as the validation set and the remaining folds are used as the training set. This process is repeated k times, such that each fold serves as the validation set once. Holdout method, on the other hand, involves randomly selecting a portion of the data as the training set and another portion as the validation set. The remaining data is then used as the testing set. The choice of which method to use depends on various factors such as the amount of available data, computational resources, and the specific requirements of the problem being solved.