Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

Investigation,  Methodology,  Software,  Validation,  Visualization, 
Writing –  original draft, Writing –  review &  editing. Remi Murdoch: 
Data curation, Writing – review & editing, Methodology. Zoe C. Jewell: 
Conceptualization,  Funding  acquisition,  Investigation,  Methodology, 
Writing – review & editing. Sky K. Alibhai: Conceptualization, Formal 
analysis, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Methodology, Validation, 
Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgements

outliers and removed from the dataset for subsequent analyses.

E-mail address: jody.tucker@usda.gov (J.M. Tucker).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102431 
Received 9 June 2023; Received in revised form 11 December 2023; Accepted 11 December 2023   

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)102431Availableonline22December20231574-9541/PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NClicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).J.M. Tucker et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

et  al.,  2020)  or  easily  identifiable  sexually  dimorphic  characteristics 
(Brommer et al., 2021) but methods for cryptic species without these 
distinguishing characteristics for camera trap photos are complicated, 
time  consuming,  or  currently  insufficient  (Dorning  and  Harris,  2019; 
Tucker et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The text only mentions the use of a deep learning model for identifying individual animals and their sex from camera trap images, along with details about the methodology, funding, authorship, acknowledgments, and data availability. However, it does not specify whether the deployment took place on platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to your query based on the given context.