Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

editing,  Writing  –  original  draft,  Visualization,  Validation,  Software, 
Resources, Project administration, Methodology, Investigation, Formal 
analysis,  Data  curation,  Conceptualization.  Saud  Alamri:  Writing  –

and STP as a function of distance between sample sites according to Eq. 
(1).

G = 1 (cid:0)

X 100

∑N

(6)  

i(cid:0) 1

where b is the sample mean. A prediction is considered to be perfect if G 
= 100, whereas negative G values indicate that the forecast is less ac-
curate than that obtained using the sample mean as predictor. 

In  this  work,  the  performance  of  the  various  interpolations  was 
compared  using  MSE.  Finally,  the  leave-one-out  cross  validation  was 
performed to check the accuracy of the spatial predictions. The model 
was trained on all data except one point and a prediction was made for 
that point, using the RMSE to evaluate the model. 

3. Results and discussion 

(1)  

3.1. Soil properties 

where p is the lag; N(p) is the number of pairs of sample points separated 
by p; and for each site, I b(yi), and b(yi + p) are the z values at sites yi 
and yi + p, respectively. 

Isotropic  semivariograms  were  selected  because  anisotropic  semi-
variograms did not exhibit any variation in spatial dependence on di-

with a multiple-criteria decision-making method in northwestern Turkey. Int. J. 
Environ. Sci. Technol. 18 (5), 1073–1088. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13762-020- 
02869-9. 

Mengqi, Z., Shi, A., Ajmal, M., Ye, L., Awais, M., 2021. Comprehensive review on 

agricultural waste utilization and high-temperature fermentation and composting. 
Biomass Convers. Biorefinery 1-24. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13399-021-01438-5. 

Fasinmirin, J.T., Olorunfemi, I.E., Olakuleyin, F., 2018. Strength and hydraulics 

Micheni, A., 2015. Dynamics of Soil Properties and Crop Yields under Conservation 

characteristics variations within a tropical Alfisol in southwestern Nigeria under 
different land use management. Soil Tillage Res. 182, 45–56. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.still.2018.04.017.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, or validation sets. However, it can be inferred from general machine learning practices that common methods include random splitting, stratified sampling, or time series based splits depending on the nature of the dataset. In this particular case, the text mentions performing leave-one-out cross-validation, which suggests that the authors might have used a similar approach to divide their data. This technique involves iteratively leaving out one observation from the dataset, training the model on the remaining observations, and then testing its performance on the left-out observation.