Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Method 

3.1. Dataset

has been highly annotated and used in previous studies. The extensive 
annotation of the dataset allowed the feature representation produced 
by the auto-encoder to be easily evaluated and to be trained on a higher

Fig. 1. The structure of an auto-encoder.  

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012372B. Rowe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

proportion of non-silent audio clips. The research design is outlined in 
Fig. 2 

3.4. Training 

3.2. Data pre-processing

Our experimental results show that the approach is feasible, as our 
feature representation outperforms acoustic indices and has an execu-
tion time comparable to MFCC. This would make it possible to calculate 
a feature representation using our method for smaller datasets (up to a 
few  days)  on  a  medium-range  laptop,  and  larger  datasets  on  a  high- 
performance  PC.  Additionally  the  approach  is  quite  flexible,  with 
many  different  auto-encoder  architectures  being  possible.  As  such,  a 
viable useage scenario for our technique could be when:  

1.  Annotated training data is not available  
2.  MFCC is not viable for the species (The principal that is thought to 
make MFCCs work well for human speech (Davis and Mermelstein, 
1980) may not hold for all species (Eichinski, 2018)) 

3. A small, fast to calculate feature representation is needed (for ma-

chine learning with bigdata, for example) 

5.2. Limitations 

5.2.1. Time invariance

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit information about how the data was split for deep learning model training (i.e., into train, test, or validation sets). However, typically, the data is divided randomly into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. The training set is used to fit the model, while the validation set is used to tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. Finally, the testing set is used to evaluate the final performance of the model. In this case, since no specific details were mentioned, we can assume that the authors followed standard practices for splitting their dataset.