Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  order  to  train  the  model,  it  is important to provide not only 
the  class  of  the  object  but  also  the  bounding  box  data  of  the 
object  as  correct  answer.  In  this  context,  we  parsed  the  x,  y 
coordinates, width and height of the fish in the annotation of the 
image’s  dataset.  In  addition,  we  used  data  augmentation  to 
extend the amount of data. 

The  model  has  better  performance  as  number  of  epochs 
increases.  However,  when  number  of  epochs  exceeds  200,  the 
network  seems  to  be  overfitted  to  training  data.  As  a  result, 
Table  I  shows  the  hyper-parameters  used  to  train  and  validate 
the Yolo model. 

Number 
of 
iterations 
4000 

Number 
of 
epochs 
200 

Learning 
rate 

Batch 
size 

Subdivisions 

0.001 

16 

64 

Table 1. Hyper-parameters to train the Yolo model.

Where:   N x N: is the number of the grid cells of the system 
               3: to decode the features extracted from each of the 3           
               scales  
               4 + 1: to decode the bounding boxes offsets +  
               objectness score 
               C: is the number of classes we train our model on.  

This permits to induce better semantic information from the up-
sampled features and finer-grained information from the earlier 
feature map.  

Figure 2. Fish samples with different environment 
circumstances: (a) separated fish in seagrass, (b) a shoal (a 
group of fish), (c) tiny fish, (d) occlusion by corals, and (e) 
shading and light conditions.

Fishes, 

18(2), 

Li,  S.,  Song,  W.,  Fang,  L.,  Chen,  Y.,  Ghamisi,  P.,  & 
Benediktsson,  J.  A.  (2019).  Deep  learning  for  hyperspectral 
image  classification:  An  overview.  IEEE  Transactions  on 
and  Remote  Sensing,  57(9),  6690–6709. 
Geoscience 
https://doi.org/10.1109/TGRS.2019.2907932 

image  processing.  2018 

Lumauag,  R.,  &  Nava,  M.  (2019).  Fish  tracking  and  counting 
International 
using 
IEEE  10th 
Information 
Conference  on  Humanoid,  Nanotechnology, 
Technology,  Communication  and  Control,  Environment  and 
Management, 
1–4. 
https://doi.org/10.1109/HNICEM.2018.8666369 

HNICEM 

2018,

The graph illustrates the loss while training the neural network 
and the average loss is reduced to 0.54%. That means the model 
is  affected  by  training  data.  A  total  of  4000  iteration  were  run 
and  it  took  14  hours  to  complete  the  training.  The  model 
improved swiftly in terms of precision, recall and mean average 
precision  before  plateauing  after  about  1000  iterations,  and 
around 1000 iterations the loss showed a rapid decline. 

For  each  epoch,  64  images  are  randomly  selected  and  used  to 
train  the  model.  Each  image  is  used  multiple  times  due  to  the 
limited  number  of  samples.  Figure  8,  shows  some  training 
samples, and the number zero indicates the fish class. 

Figure 8. Training samples.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, the dataset was made diverse by including fish samples with different environment circumstances such as separated fish in seagrass, a shoal (a group of fish), tiny fish, occlusion by corals, and varying shading and light conditions. This diversity in the dataset helped the model learn to recognize fishes under various environmental factors. Secondly, data augmentation techniques were employed to extend the amount of data available for training. Data augmentation involves creating new training examples by applying transformations like rotation, scaling, or flipping to existing images. This technique helps prevent overfitting and improves the model's ability to generalize to unseen data. Lastly, the model was trained using a batch size of 16 and subdivisions set to 64. These settings allowed for efficient use of computational resources and enabled the model to learn from a larger portion of the dataset during each training step.