Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Ensemble models

To separate data into training and testing datasets, we used a spatial 
blocking technique, in which we divided our study area into 25 equally 
sized  blocks,  each  approximately  41  km  × 41  km  in  size,  using  the 
blockCV package in the R programming language (Valavi et al., 2019). 
We determined the size of our spatial blocks using the spatialAutoRange 
function in the blockCV package, which returns a block size equal to the 
median  range  of  spatial  autocorrelation  in  independent  covariates 
(Valavi  et  al.,  2019).  This  attempts  to  ensure  data  within  a  block  is 
relatively independent of data outside of that block. We then divided 
these blocks among five folds in which the numbers of presences and 
background points were roughly equal. We used five folds because, due 
to the spatial arrangement of our presence data, using more would cause 
folds to have drastically differing numbers of presences and background

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019143L. Hysen et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Background sampling for multi-scale ensemble habitat selection modeling: 
Does the number of points matter? 

Logan Hysen a, *, Danial Nayeri a, Samuel Cushman b, Ho Yi Wan a 
a Department of Wildlife, California State Polytechnic University Humboldt, 1 Harpst Street, Arcata 95521, CA, USA 
b USDA, Rocky Mountain Research Station, Flagstaff, AZ, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biomod 
Ecological niche 
Habitat suitability 
Presence-absence 
Species distribution model 
Presence-only

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate answer based on the given context.