Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

our study, is due to the deep learning method’s loss function, which is 
biased toward overrepresented classes. This represents a performance 
barrier for any study using semantic segmentation with few images and 
high class-imbalance.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Estimating boreal forest ground cover vegetation composition from nadir 
photographs using deep convolutional neural networks 

Hilary A. Cameron a, Pranoy Panda b, Martin Barczyk c, Jennifer L. Beverly a, * 
a Department of Renewable Resources, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB T6G 2H1, Canada 
b Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Hyderabad, Sangareddy, Telangana 502285, India 
c Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB T6G 1H9, Canada  

A B S T R A C T

Unsurprisingly,  estimates  of  percent  ground  cover  from  manually 
segmented photos were not strongly correlated with field-measured fuel 
loads (r < 0.77). Nonetheless, our results were still statistically signifi-
cant and suggest that in situations where rapid, unbiased field sampling 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016588H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 7. Samples of raw nadir photographs, manual segmentation and predicted segmentation from our trained deep convolutional neural network.  

techniques take priority over more accurate measurements, nadir pho-
tographs  can  adequately  describe  forest  floor  attributes.  Although 
promising, segmenting photos manually was labor intensive and there-
fore costly.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on specific strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, common practices include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility or employing techniques like cross-validation and ensemble methods to mitigate the impact of randomness on model performance.

Based on the provided context, it appears that the authors utilized a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) for semantic segmentation of boreal forest ground cover vegetation composition from nadir photographs. They mention challenges related to overrepresentation of certain classes and high class imbalances affecting their study. While these issues do not directly address handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, they highlight potential biases and limitations in applying deep learning models to ecological studies.