Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

easy to train with reduced complexity, even though they have deeper 
layers than CNN models, because of the presence of skip connections 
between the input and output of each block (He et al., 2016). ResNet has 
different variants with a variety of convolution layers. We trialled three 
depths, ResNet-18, (cid:0) 50 and (cid:0) 101, and compared their training times 
and validation accuracies. They behaved similarly but ResNet-50 had a 
marginally  higher  validation  accuracy  (Section  3.1.1)  leading  us  to 
choose it for feature extraction.

ResNet-50 is made up of five convolutional blocks stacked on top of 
one  another  (Fig.  5).  The  image  features  are  extracted  from  the  fully 
connected layers pre-trained with the ImageNet database (https://imag 
e-net.org/index.php). The input to the network is an image of 224x224 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022654S. Singha Roy et al.

The  next step  was  to  gather  standard  visual  information  and  low- 
level  image  features  from  the  datasets  that  include  traits  such  as 
colour, texture, shape, etc. (Shih et al., 2001). These features can be used 
by classifiers or deep learning models for image segmentation, image 
classification  and  object  detection.  There  are  various  techniques  for 
conducting  image  feature  extraction.  With  advancements  in  machine 
learning,  specifically  deep  learning  and  convolution  neural  networks 
(CNNs), feature extraction from images can be performed automatically 
to obtain high levels of classification accuracy (Acharya and Khoshel-
ham, 2020). Therefore, we used a deep-learning model to extract fea-
tures  of  our  image  backgrounds  for  training  a  classifier  model.  We 
adopted  a  ResNet-50  model  (He  et  al.,  2016)  for  extracting  image 
background features for classification. ResNets (Residual Networks) are

performance  compared  to  features  extracted  from  shallower  layers 
(Zeiler and Fergus, 2014). These deeper layers more effectively capture 
class-specific attributes  like  shape, texture,  and colour.  Therefore,  we 
extracted  features  from  the  21st  layer  of  the  CNN,  last  layer,  a  fully 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022655(a)(b)S. Singha Roy et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the deep learning pipeline uses images as its primary data format. Specifically, the authors use a ResNet-50 model to extract features from images for classification purposes. The input to this network is an image of size 224 x 224 pixels. Additionally, the authors mention gathering standard visual information and low-level image features from the dataset, which further supports the notion that images are the main data format used in this study. However, there is no explicit mention of other data formats being used in the deep learning pipeline, such as audio, video, or CSV files.