Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  order  to  train  the  model,  it  is important to provide not only 
the  class  of  the  object  but  also  the  bounding  box  data  of  the 
object  as  correct  answer.  In  this  context,  we  parsed  the  x,  y 
coordinates, width and height of the fish in the annotation of the 
image’s  dataset.  In  addition,  we  used  data  augmentation  to 
extend the amount of data. 

The  model  has  better  performance  as  number  of  epochs 
increases.  However,  when  number  of  epochs  exceeds  200,  the 
network  seems  to  be  overfitted  to  training  data.  As  a  result, 
Table  I  shows  the  hyper-parameters  used  to  train  and  validate 
the Yolo model. 

Number 
of 
iterations 
4000 

Number 
of 
epochs 
200 

Learning 
rate 

Batch 
size 

Subdivisions 

0.001 

16 

64 

Table 1. Hyper-parameters to train the Yolo model.

Furthermore,  YOLOv3  has  been  made  with  another 
improvement,  the  new  CNN  feature  extractor  named  Darknet-
53. It is a 53 layered CNN that uses 3x3 and 1x1 convolutional 
layers. It has demonstrated the advanced accuracy but with less 
floating-point  tasks  and  better  speed.  For  example,  it  has  less 
the  same 
floating-point  operations 
performance at a double speed. It utilizes also skip connections 
network inspired from ResNet. 

than  ResNet-152  but

The graph illustrates the loss while training the neural network 
and the average loss is reduced to 0.54%. That means the model 
is  affected  by  training  data.  A  total  of  4000  iteration  were  run 
and  it  took  14  hours  to  complete  the  training.  The  model 
improved swiftly in terms of precision, recall and mean average 
precision  before  plateauing  after  about  1000  iterations,  and 
around 1000 iterations the loss showed a rapid decline. 

For  each  epoch,  64  images  are  randomly  selected  and  used  to 
train  the  model.  Each  image  is  used  multiple  times  due  to  the 
limited  number  of  samples.  Figure  8,  shows  some  training 
samples, and the number zero indicates the fish class. 

Figure 8. Training samples.

than  ResNet-152  but 

YOLO  contains  24  convolutional  layers  followed  by  2  fully 
connected  layers.  Some  convolutional  layers  use  convolutions 
of  size 11  to diminish depth dimension  of  the  feature  maps.  A 
faster  form  of  YOLO,  named  Fast  YOLO,  utilizes  just  9 
convolutional  layers  yet  this  effects  the  accuracy.  The  general 
YOLO architecture is represented in Figure 1. The concept is to 
partition  the  input  image  into  a  S×S  grid,  and  to  make 
recognitions  in  each  grid  cell.  Every  cell  predicts  B  bounding 
boxes  along  the  confidence  of  these  boxes.  The  confidence 
depends  on 
the 
probability of the object’s existence in a grid cell. Second one is 
the intersection over union (IoU) of the ground truth boxes (GT) 
and predicted ones. Formally the confidence is represented as: 

important  parameters;  first  one 

two 

is

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, based on the given information, there isn't any explicit mention of which specific deep learning framework was used to build the model. Deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch could have been utilized for building the YOLO model, but without further details, it cannot be definitively stated which one was employed.