Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Model Evaluation
Model performance evaluation included both errors and
time costs evaluation. The iteration termination condition
of the model was the same in each round training (i.e., the
loss rate of the model was less than a preset threshold ɛ
−4]). We used the same test set (Test) to
[here ɛ = 1.0 × 10
evaluate the performance of models in diﬀerent training
phases. The model error evaluation used three metrics that
included overall error, commission error, and omission
error, which were deﬁned by equations (2), (3) and (4).

Table 2. Main conﬁguration parameters of the two platforms used.

)

(2)

(3)

(4)

Commission error

=

/(
FP TP

+

FP

)

Omission error

=

/(
FN TP

+

FN

)

23285540, 2021, 2, Downloaded from https://wildlife.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/wsb.1176 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [29/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licenseof empty images in the data set. Because the accuracy
(97.3%) of our method is higher than that of human vol-
unteers (96.6%; Norouzzadeh et al. 2018), it can be applied
to actual ecological monitoring projects. Second, the time
and personnel costs of labeling small‐scale training sets are
much lower than that of million‐scale training sets. Note
that to manually label ~5.5 million images, nearly 30,000
persons have spent ~14.6 years with a 40‐hour work week
(Swanson et al. 2015, Norouzzadeh et al. 2018), which
means that manually labeling a training set containing

Yang et al. (cid:129) An Adaptive Approach for Empty Images Filtering

233

 23285540, 2021, 2, Downloaded from https://wildlife.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/wsb.1176 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [29/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License3.6 GHz central processing unit (CPU) and 32 GB of
memory, we used the incremental training mode to train
and test the DCNN model. On another Dell PowerEdge
C4130 rack server with two Tesla K80 GPUs and 256 GB
of memory, we used the zero‐start and the incremental
training modes to train and test models, respectively.

RESULTS
The incremental training mode performed consistently with
the zero‐start training mode when the training sample size

At present, few researchers focus on time costs of model
training and the required computing platform. Yousif et al.
(2019) stated that they optimized their model performance,
but model training still failed to complete on a common PC.
In terms of recognition rate, their rate on a 2.6 GHz CPU
computer was 100 frames/minute, which is lower than our
recognition rate (260 images/minute). One possible reason
is that their preprocessing was more complex.

MANAGEMENT IMPLICATIONS
Our method can greatly reduce time and personnel costs in
3 ways. First, using our method to automatically ﬁlter empty
images can greatly save labor and time, and the percentage
of the labor and time savings is the same as the proportion

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The performance of the deep learning model is evaluated using three metrics: overall error, commission error, and omission error. These metrics are defined by equations (2), (3), and (4) in the paper. Commission error measures the number of false positives divided by the sum of true positives and false positives. Omission error calculates the number of false negatives divided by the sum of true positives and false negatives. However, the specific formulas or values for these metrics are not mentioned in the given context.