Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Model hyperparameters were tuned for each species-specific model 
using Bayesian optimization focused on reducing the root mean squared 
error (RMSE) of the predictions based on environmental cross-validation 
(Roberts et al., 2017) with ten folds, as implemented in the R package 
“mlr3mbo” (Kotlarski et al., 2014). The search space of optimal hyper-
parameters was defined by the ranges of “mtry”  (number of variables 
randomly sampled as candidates at each split), “min.node.size”  (mini-
mum size of terminal nodes), and “num.trees” (number of trees to grow) 
shown  in  Table  S3  (the  abbreviations  of  the  hyperparameters  used 
correspond to the terminology used in the R package “ranger”).

analytical  methods and  modeling tools  are needed to  deal with  these 
challenges (Tan et al., 2006). Over the past years, the field of artificial 
intelligence and machine learning has enabled significant advances in

Fig.  3. Current  spatially  explicit  productivity  (fresh)  of  Lactarius  deliciosus, 
Macrolepiota  procera,  Hydnum  repandum,  Boletus  edulis  and  Tricholoma  porten-
tosum. Productivity scale is shown in a square root transformation. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025574A. Morera et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

across  the  different  bioclimatic  regions  during  most  of  the  autumn 
months. 

comparison  between  the  average  productivity  between  the  periods 
2023–2060 and 2061–2100). 

Both  the  prediction  error  and  optimal  hyperparameters  of  each 
species-specific model, according to an environmental cross-validation, 
are shown in Table S3. 

3.2. Estimates of current landscape-level species-specific productivity

The patterns found by random forest models are informative about 
the  relationships  between  species-specific  productivity  and  environ-
mental  conditions.  These  models  have  been  extensively  contrasted  to 
explain relationships between variables and estimate their importance 
(Gregorutti  et  al.,  2017),  and  used  in  different  fields  of  ecology,  for 
instance biomass quantification (Kaveh et al., 2023), species distribution 
modeling (Valavi et al., 2021) and genomic studies (Brieuc et al., 2018). 
Although machine learning models cannot explicitly detect proximate 
variables  that  reveal  the  causal  relationships  between  fungal  produc-
tivity and the sampled environment, they can be very helpful in disen-
tangling these complex relationships (Archer and Kimes, 2008). This is 
especially  helpful  in  Mediterranean  environments,  where  mushroom 
productivity is closely related to short-term weather conditions (Alday

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Hyperparameters of the model are optimized using Bayesian optimization focused on reducing the root mean squared error (RMSE) of the predictions based on environmental cross-validation with ten folds. This process is implemented in the R package "mlr3mbo". The search space of optimal hyperparameters is defined by the ranges of "mtry" (number of variables randomly sampled as candidates at each split), "min.node.size" (minimum size of terminal nodes), and "num.trees" (number of trees to grow). The specific values for these parameters are not mentioned but can be found in Table S3.