Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

according to a 60%–40% ratio. Table 6 presents the details about the 
total number of samples, the training, and the validation samples. The 
distribution of samples is represented in Fig. 8. It is worthy to note that 
after selecting the samples, we checked all the samples carefully and as 
we see in Fig. 8 (as an example); surprisingly, no mis-collected samples 
were detected in the automatically collected samples.

GEE  as  a  cloud-based  platform  makes  it  easy  to  access  high- 
performance  computing  resources  for  processing  big  geospatial  data, 
without having to suffer the IT pains currently surrounding them (Liang 
et al., 2020). Once an algorithm has been developed on GEE, users can 
produce  systematic  data  products  or  deploy  interactive  applications 
backed by GEE’s resources (Aryal, 2020; Wu et al., 2020). GEE consists 
of a multi-petabyte analysis-ready data catalog co-located with a high- 
performance,  intrinsically  parallel  computation  service.  It  is  accessed 
and controlled through an internet-accessible application programming 
interface  (API)  and  an  associated  web-based  interactive  development 
environment (IDE) that enables rapid prototyping and visualization of 
results (Gorelick et al., 2017). All these features made the GEE be used as

EcologicalInformatics70(2022)10173313A. Toosi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 8. The spatial distribution of automatically collected training and validation samples and the zoomed view of four subsets from GE images: (a) “citrus” training 
samples; (b) “citrus” validation samples; (c) “non-citrus” training samples; (d) “non-citrus” validation samples.

situation is for the samples to be surveyed in the field. However, because 
these data are sometimes difficult to gather, researchers may be tempted 
to employ fewer sample points. Time and access constraints in croplands 
and other remote environments may force researchers to obtain training 
and validation sample points from imagery rather than field validation, 
i.e., through image interpretation, as has been done here, which benefits 
sample selection from both fields survey and GE HR images. Although 
the certainty of a training sample’s class may be poor in some situations, 
this  method  allows  for  the  quick  and  efficient  gathering  of  a  higher 
number of training samples, allowing for a bigger sample collection size. 

4.4. Analysis of the impact of different feature batches using the 
McNemars’ test

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information regarding where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I do not have enough information to determine if the code repository is available on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket.