Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

MAE = 1

n

∑n

k=1

|X (cid:0) Y|

(7)  

(8)  

The Shannon’s H index, largely used in ecology, can be used also in 
remote sensing application (Rocchini et al., 2017) using the following 
formula: 

Hrs = (cid:0)

(cid:0)

)

pi

pi*log

∑q

i=1

(5)  

where: X is the GEDI CHM, Y is the local CHM and n is the number of 
pixels. R2, RMSE and MAE were calculated also when the HH (calculated 
with the GEDI CHMs using the 4 heterogeneity indices) was correlated 
by linear regression with the tree species diversity. In this case X is the 
HH values, Y is the species diversity (values of Shannon’s H or species 
richness) and n is the number of plots. 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020825M. Torresani et al.

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper uses Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Root Mean Square Error (RMSE), and coefficient of determination (R^2) to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. These metrics are used to compare the predicted Canopy Height Model (CHM) from the deep learning model with the actual CHM derived from GEDI data. Additionally, these metrics are also used to correlate the horizontal heterogeneity (HH) with tree species diversity.