Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population 
time series 

Guiming Wang a, *, Xueyan Shan b, c 
a Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
b Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Entomology and Plant Pathology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
c Institute for Genomics, Biocomputing & Biotechnology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Dynamic time warming 
Hierarchical clustering 
Machine learning 
State space model 
Trend analysis

Machine learning such as DTW and hierarchical clustering are non- 
parametric and have shown excellent performance of time series clas-
sification.  However,  few  studies  have  used  DTW  to  classify  wildlife 
population time series. The main objective of this study was to evaluate 
and  compare  the  performances  of  shape-matching  DTW  and  feature- 
based  clustering  methods  for  population  time  series  learning.  We 
aimed to: 1) apply DTW time series clustering and feature-based clus-
tering  to  classify  15  rabbit  population  time  series  from  the  state  of 
Mississippi, the United States (US); 2) compare the results of the DTW 
and feature-based clustering methods; and 3) compare the results of two 
time  series  clustering  methods  to  those  identified  by  the  Theil-Sen 
analysis (TSA) (Yue et al., 2002).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the datasets used in any deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which datasets were used in the deep learning pipeline based on the provided context.