Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF; https://www.gbif.org/ 
zh-tw/),  or  exchanged  with  other  databases  or  web  applications 
through APIs of the SILIC web service for various reuse applications.

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015347S.-H. Wu et al.

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

Compared with previous CNN-based approaches, the mAP of 0.83 in 
our case study is inconspicuous (Appendix S2: Table S4). However, not 
only the model itself but also the test dataset used can affect the values of 
model performance metrics. Because the SILIC aims to facilitate auto-
mated information extraction from the recordings of PAM projects, our 
test dataset was obtained from soundscape recordings, which are usually 
much noisier than focal recordings. In comparison with focal recordings, 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015346S.-H. Wu et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) is mentioned in the given context, and its website URL is provided (https://www.gbif.org/zh-tw/). However, there is no explicit mention of a specific deep learning pipeline being stored in this database or any other data repository like Zenodo, Figshare, or Dryad. Therefore, based on the provided context, I cannot provide a direct link to a deep learning pipeline hosted in these data repositories.