Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Zhang, Q., Goldman, S.A., Yu, W., Fritts, J.E., 2002. Content-based image retrieval using 
multiple-instance learning. In: Proc. 19th International Conf. on Machine Learning. 
Morgan Kaufmann, pp. 682–689. 

Zhou, Z.-H., Sun, Y.-Y., Li, Y.-F., 2009. Multi-instance learning by treating instances as 
non-I.I.D. samples. In: Proceedings of the 26th Annual International Conference on 
Machine Learning, ICML ‘09. Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, 
USA, pp. 1249–1256. https://doi.org/10.1145/1553374.1553534. 

Zou, S., Gader, P., Zare, A., 2019. Hyperspectral tree crown classification using the 
multiple instance adaptive cosine estimator. PeerJ 7, e6405. https://doi.org/ 
10.7717/peerj.6405. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10243214

Bunescu, R., Mooney, R., 2007. Learning to extract relations from the web using minimal 
supervision. In: Proceedings of the 45th Annual Meeting of the Association of 
Computational Linguistics. Presented at the ACL 2007. Association for 
Computational Linguistics, Prague, Czech Republic, pp. 576–583. 
Cawse-Nicholson, K., Townsend, P.A., Schimel, D., Assiri, A.M., Blake, P.L.,

Random  Forest  is  a  common  machine  learning  approach  used  in 
remote sensing for classification. This approach requires a single pixel’s 
spectrum to be associated with a single metadata record, compared to 
MTMI-SMF which can take many pixels’ spectra and associate it with a 
single metadata record. Since training locations often did not fall near 
the center of a pixel (see example in Fig. 3 where the training location 
falls at the intersection of four NAIP pixels), a random pixel from the 
pixels  in  closest  proximity  of  the  training  location  was  selected  for 
analysis. This single pixel dataset was split into training and testing data 
using 5 K-fold cross-validations. MATLAB’s (MathWorks, Inc., Natick, 
Massachusetts) TreeBagger function was used to complete the classifi-
cation using 100 trees. Looping through the k-folds, the random forest 
algorithm was calculated using 80% of the data and classification results

Susan  Meerdink:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  anal-
ysis, Methodology, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 
Drew  Hiatt:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Writing  –  review  & 
editing. S. Luke Flory: Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Project 
administration,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Alina  Zare:  Conceptuali-
zation, Methodology. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgments

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, some general insights regarding data handling and processing can be derived from the text.

For instance, Random Forest is mentioned as a common machine learning approach used in remote sensing for classification. This method involves associating a single pixel's spectrum with a single metadata record. On the other hand, MTMI-SMF allows for multiple pixels' spectra to be associated with a single metadata record. The authors also mention using MATLAB's TreeBagger function to perform the classification using 100 trees.

Regarding data preprocessing, the authors state that since training locations often do not fall near the center of a pixel, they select a random pixel from the pixels in closest proximity to the training location for analysis. They then use this single pixel dataset to train their model using 5K-fold cross-validation.

While these details offer insight into how the researchers handled and processed their data, there is no explicit mention of any specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, I cannot definitively determine what data annotation techniques were employed in the study.