Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 3. Generated ground-truth. Ground-truth required for the training phase is derived from dot labels by leveraging distinct procedures depending on the specific 
deep learning model PCθ  being employed:: (i) bounding boxes are generated by creating squares centered over the dots with a fixed side length s, (ii) density maps are 
produced by overlaying Gaussian kernels Gσ  centered at the dot positions, and (iii) segmentation maps are generated by superimposing dot-centered discs having 
radius r and splitting overlapping discs using a background ridge. The parameters s, σ, and r are constants that are established based on the standard object sizes 
prevalent in the images. Best viewed in electronic format.

Yu, F., Koltun, V., 2016. Multi-scale context aggregation by dilated convolutions. In: In 
4th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2016, San Juan, 
Puerto Rico, May 2-4, 2016, Conference Track Proceedings. 

Tan, X.L., Chen, J.L., Benelli, G., Desneux, N., Yang, X.Q., Liu, T.X., Ge, F., 2017. Pre- 

Zhong, Y., Gao, J., Lei, Q., Zhou, Y., 2018. A vision-based counting and recognition 

infestation of tomato plants by aphids modulates transmission-acquisition 

system for flying insects in intelligent agriculture. Sensors 18 (5), 1489. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10238411

training step  and  a test  split  with the  remaining eight images  for the 
model evaluation phase. Finally, it is worth noting that, even if we an-
notated only the pests belonging to the class “whitefly”, other insects 
were accidentally stucked in the traps, which represents an additional 
challenge  -  deep  learning  models  should  not  count  the  latter  insect 
species. Specifically, we found insects belonging to different orders, such 
as  Lepidoptera,  Hymenoptera,  and  Diptera  (about  21,  7,  and  113, 
respectively);  furthermore,  among  hemipterans  we  also  found  insects 
belonging to families of Psyllidae, Aphidae, and Miridae (about 4, 14, 
and  22,  respectively).  Besides, about  80% of  the  images contain  con-
taminants,  such  as  dust,  fluff,  or  leaves,  accidentally  glued  over  the 
sticky traps. Some samples of bycatches insects and contaminants can be 
found in Fig. 1 and Fig. 4.

Li, W., Chen, P., Wang, B., Xie, C., 2019. Automatic localization and count of agricultural 

crop pests based on an improved deep learning pipeline. Sci. Rep. 9 (1). 

Li, W., Wang, D., Li, M., Gao, Y., Wu, J., Yang, X., 2021a. Field detection of tiny pests 

from sticky trap images using deep learning in agricultural greenhouse. Comput. 
Electron. Agric. 183, 106048. 

Li, W., Zheng, T., Yang, Z., Li, M., Sun, C., Yang, X., 2021b. Classification and detection 
of insects from field images using deep learning for smart pest management: A 
systematic review. Ecol. Inform. 66, 101460. 

Lima, M.C.F., de Almeida Leandro, M.E.D., Valero, C., Coronel, L.C.P., Bazzo, C.O.G., 

2020. Automatic detection and monitoring of insect pests—a review. Agriculture 10 
(5), 161. 

Lin, T.-Y., Goyal, P., Girshick, R., He, K., Dollar, P., 2017. Focal loss for dense object 
detection. In: In 2017 IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV). 
IEEE.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information regarding the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, common optimization techniques used in deep learning include Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam), Root Mean Square Propagation (RMSProp), and others. These methods help minimize the cost function during the training process. Without explicit mention in the provided context, one cannot definitively state which optimization technique was utilized in this particular case.