Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

While  the  ensemble  size  for  bagging  is  not  particularly  critical, 
provided it is sufficiently large (500 is a widely used default value), it 
does  matter  for boosting.  In  XGBoost, large  ensemble  sizes  can  cause 
over-fitting because the gradient technique focuses on the most difficult 
cases,  which  can  be  due  to  noise.  To  avoid  the  over-fitting  issue  in 
XGBoost, we use a nested k-fold cross-validation scheme. We split each 
dataset into 3 subsets: the tuning set (k-2 folds), validation set (1-fold), 
and test set (1-fold). For each choice of number of iterations and each 
fold, we train the model on the tuning set and monitor the performance 
on the validation set by calculating the out-of-sample prediction accu-
racy and taking the median of k-1 folds. This gives us k medians for each 
number of iterations, as explained in Algorithm 1 and shown in Fig. S2 in 
Supplement A.3.  

Algorithm 1 Optimize the iteration number 

for each k-1 folds do

We also include a more detailed summary in Supplement A.2.

“XGBoost”.  An  overview  of  our  methods  can  be  found  in  Fig.  1.  The

To  increase  the  flexibility  of  the  previously  discussed  models,  we 
integrate them into a classification and regression tree (CART). CARTs, 
originally proposed by Breiman et al. (1984), are based on a divide-and- 
conquer strategy, whereby the data space is divided into subsets defined 
by the decision rules of a bifurcating tree. The inner nodes of the tree, 
also called decision nodes, compare the values of selected input vari-
ables against certain decision thresholds. This confers a cybernetics-like 
interpretable logical structure to the model, which aids interpretability 
and  explainability.  All  the  decision  rules,  including  the  selection  of 
variables and decision thresholds, are systematically learned from the 
data. For the corresponding statistical inference methods and regulari-
zation  techniques  (to  prevent  overfitting),  we  refer  the  reader  to  the 
statistical literature (e.g. Breiman et al., 1984 and Hastie et al., 2008).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: I am sorry, but there seems to be no information about data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotating, or scaling in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to this query.