Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

teroperable and Reusable) open-data principles (Wilkinson et al.,
2016), were created through a bottom-up, community based initiative.
A component of the FAIR principals requires the usage of existing
standards (e.g. INSPIRE, O&M, Darwin Core). Consequently, scientists
have implemented FAIR data repositories specifically intended for
sample and data management (Adam et al., 2019; Conze et al., 2017;
Dassié et al., 2017; Lehnert et al., 2006; McNutt et al., 2016). However,
a FAIR compliant system and model for local repositories, purposefully
designed for physical ecological sample archives and their derived data,
has yet to materialize.

4.2. Data model & vocabularies

A conceptual diagram of the many types of data that can be gen-
erated from one fish is shown in Fig. 1. There are 4 parameters of

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

F3. Metadata clearly and explicitly include the identifier of the
data they describe

F4. (Meta)data are registered or indexed in a searchable resource

Accessible

A1. (Meta)data are retrievable by their identifier using a
standardized communications protocol
A2. Metadata are accessible, even when the data are no longer
available

Interoperable

I1. (Meta)data use a formal, accessible, shared, and broadly
applicable language for knowledge representation.

I2. (Meta)data use vocabularies that follow FAIR principles
I3. (Meta)data include qualified references to other (meta)data

Reusable

R1. Meta(data) are richly described with a plurality of accurate
and relevant attributes

4.6. FAIR data principles

The criteria of how the IFBA database addresses the requirements of
the FAIR (Findable, Accessible Interoperable, and Reusable) data
management principles (Wilkinson et al., 2016) can be found in
Table 2. The FAIR principals were created by a group of stakeholders
from academia, industry and funding agencies to enhance data reusa-
bility and findability by machines. In utilizing the FAIR principles, re-
searchers can allow for interoperability between their datasets.

4.7. Observations and measurements mapping

A representation of the IFBA database in the Observations and
Measurements (O&M) model has been created to comply with both the
ISO 19156 standard and the INSPIRE regulations, Fig. 4. Within O&M
model, an Observation is action whose result is an estimate of the value

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't any information available in the given context about addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide an answer to this specific query.