Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for each k-1 folds do 

1: procedure SPLIT  THE  DATASET  TO  K  FOLDS (state)
2: 
3: 
4: 

for each number of iterations do 

Split the dataset to datasets: k-2 folds (tuning set), and 1-fold (validation 

dataset) 

5: 
6: 
7: 
8: 

Train the model using the tuning set and the number of iterations. 
Predict using the 1-fold validation set. 
Calculate the out-of-sample R2. 

Calculate the median of k-1 out-of-sample R2’s for each number of iterations to 

pick the best number of iterations. 

9: 

return a matrix of medians for each fold (k folds) in rows and each number of 

iterations in columns.  

4. Simulations and evaluation 

4.1. Study design and investigations

While  the  ensemble  size  for  bagging  is  not  particularly  critical, 
provided it is sufficiently large (500 is a widely used default value), it 
does  matter  for boosting.  In  XGBoost, large  ensemble  sizes  can  cause 
over-fitting because the gradient technique focuses on the most difficult 
cases,  which  can  be  due  to  noise.  To  avoid  the  over-fitting  issue  in 
XGBoost, we use a nested k-fold cross-validation scheme. We split each 
dataset into 3 subsets: the tuning set (k-2 folds), validation set (1-fold), 
and test set (1-fold). For each choice of number of iterations and each 
fold, we train the model on the tuning set and monitor the performance 
on the validation set by calculating the out-of-sample prediction accu-
racy and taking the median of k-1 folds. This gives us k medians for each 
number of iterations, as explained in Algorithm 1 and shown in Fig. S2 in 
Supplement A.3.  

Algorithm 1 Optimize the iteration number 

for each k-1 folds do

To  increase  the  flexibility  of  the  previously  discussed  models,  we 
integrate them into a classification and regression tree (CART). CARTs, 
originally proposed by Breiman et al. (1984), are based on a divide-and- 
conquer strategy, whereby the data space is divided into subsets defined 
by the decision rules of a bifurcating tree. The inner nodes of the tree, 
also called decision nodes, compare the values of selected input vari-
ables against certain decision thresholds. This confers a cybernetics-like 
interpretable logical structure to the model, which aids interpretability 
and  explainability.  All  the  decision  rules,  including  the  selection  of 
variables and decision thresholds, are systematically learned from the 
data. For the corresponding statistical inference methods and regulari-
zation  techniques  (to  prevent  overfitting),  we  refer  the  reader  to  the 
statistical literature (e.g. Breiman et al., 1984 and Hastie et al., 2008).

was used to grow the tree and find the best split variable for each iter-
ation of the optimization algorithm. The tree was then pruned using 10- 
fold cross-validation based on the training set. The habitat usage of the 
test  set  was  then  predicted  to  measure  the  out-of-sample  prediction 
scores.  For  the  RF  model,  the  number  of  trees  had  to  be  selected,  as 
described in Section 3.4. In this case, a baseline of 500 trees was set, 
where each leaf in each tree was a separate original GFR model or RBF- 
GFR model. 

The XGBoost model was used in combination with the original GFR 
and RBF-GFR models over several different numbers of iterations {2, 5, 
10, 15, 20, 40, 80, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500}; Algorithm 1 was then used 
to  determine  the  best  number  of  iterations  of  XGBoost  for  use  in  all 
subsequent applications.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the data is split into three subsets for training, validating, and testing the deep learning model. The first subset, known as the tuning set, consists of k-2 folds, while the second subset, referred to as the validation set, contains one fold. Lastly, the third subset, named the test set, also comprises one fold. The purpose of splitting the data into these subsets is to optimize the hyperparameters of the model, such as the number of iterations, and evaluate its performance accurately. By monitoring the performance on the validation set during training, the risk of overfitting can be mitigated, ensuring that the model generalizes well to unseen data. Additionally, the test set is utilized to assess the final performance of the trained model objectively.