Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

Royal Botanic Gardens Kew. 2010. Plants under pressure—a global as-
sessment: the first report of the IUCN sampled red list index for
plants. Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew,Richmond, United Kingdom.
Schmidt M, et al. 2017. Diversity, distribution and preliminary conser-
vation status of the flora of Burkina Faso. Phytotaxa Monographs
304:1–215.

Silvestro D, Andermann T. 2020. Prior choice affects ability
to identify unknowns. arXiv,

of Bayesian neural networks
https://doi.org/arXiv:2005.04987.

Subedi A, Kunwar B, Choi Y, Dai Y, van Andel T, Chaudhary RP, de
Boer HJ, Gravendeel B. 2013. Collection and trade of wild-harvested
orchids in Nepal. Journal of Ethnobiology and Ethnomedicine 9:64.
Swarts ND, Dixon KW. 2009. Perspectives on orchid conservation in

botanic gardens. Trends in Plant Science 14:590–598.

Swarts N, Dixon K. 2017. Conservation methods for terrestrial orchids.

J. Ross Publishing, Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

generally high for CR, EN, and LC classes and low for
the intermediate VU and NT classes (Supporting Infor-
mation). Accuracy was highest for species the IUCN con-
sidered threatened by natural systems modification and
energy production and mining and lowest for species
threatened by human intrusion and disturbance and pol-
lution (Supporting Information). Relative to the IUCN
RL, the accuracy of index-based methods to identify pos-
sibly threatened and not threatened species was higher
with IUCN15 (69.9%, n = 359) and ThreatSearch (78.6%,
n = 14), similar with IUCN2008 (64.4%, n = 810), and
lower with SRLI (57.1%, n = 261) (Supporting Informa-
tion).

Conservation Biology
Volume 35, No. 3, 2021

901

Figure 1. Global conservation status of orchids: (a) number of possibly threatened species per TDWG
(https://www.tdwg.org/) geographic region, (b) proportion of possibly threatened species relative to the number of
evaluated species (points, small islands and archipelagos with >10 known; red outlines, in [a] areas with the
highest number and in [b] areas with the highest fraction of possibly threatened species). Regions refer to TDWG
level 1.

Information). At both levels, accuracy was similar
for the index-based methods but higher for IUC-NN
(Fig. 4).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that the study used a deep learning approach called Bayesian Neural Networks (BNNs). The optimization of hyperparameters is typically done using techniques such as Grid Search, Random Search, or more advanced methods like Bayesian Optimization. Given that the authors used BNNs, they might have employed Bayesian Optimization to tune their hyperparameters. Nevertheless, without explicit mention of this detail in the given context, we cannot be certain about the method used for hyperparameter tuning.