Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Random  Forest  is  a  common  machine  learning  approach  used  in 
remote sensing for classification. This approach requires a single pixel’s 
spectrum to be associated with a single metadata record, compared to 
MTMI-SMF which can take many pixels’ spectra and associate it with a 
single metadata record. Since training locations often did not fall near 
the center of a pixel (see example in Fig. 3 where the training location 
falls at the intersection of four NAIP pixels), a random pixel from the 
pixels  in  closest  proximity  of  the  training  location  was  selected  for 
analysis. This single pixel dataset was split into training and testing data 
using 5 K-fold cross-validations. MATLAB’s (MathWorks, Inc., Natick, 
Massachusetts) TreeBagger function was used to complete the classifi-
cation using 100 trees. Looping through the k-folds, the random forest 
algorithm was calculated using 80% of the data and classification results

Invasive species remain a challenging and costly problem (Crystal- 
Ornelas  et al., 2021; Hiatt et al., 2019), and  long-term monitoring  of 
invasions  can  provide  valuable  ecological  information  to  guide  man-
agement decisions (Blossey, 1999). Remote sensing may be the ideal tool 
to  fill  this  need  by  providing  accurate  and  affordable  repeat  imagery 
(Bradley, 2014). However, training datasets can be riddled with vari-
ability  or  errors  that  complicate  training  of  machine-learning  ap-
proaches. Here, we showed that a multiple-instance learning algorithm, 
which allows for variability or imprecision in the training dataset, can 
detect a highly problematic invasive plant species using multispectral 
airborne and satellite imagery. Using Brazilian peppertree in the Ever-
glades  National  Park,  we  showcased  that  an  invader  can  be  detected 
with >70% accuracy using NAIP, RapidEye, and Landsat 8 imagery. This

2.4. Vegetation training development 

To identify locations of Brazilian peppertree, we used training data 
associated with the Everglades National Park and Big Cypress National 
Preserve  Vegetation  Mapping  Project  (Ruiz  et  al.,  2020,  2018).  This 
project aimed to produce a spatially and thematically accurate vegeta-
tion map of Everglades National Park and Big Cypress National Park that 
covered approximately 7400 km2  and consisted of seven mapping re-
gions. We focused on regions 3 and 4, totaling 2268.7 km2 due to image 
availability and training data density (Fig. 1).

Bunescu, R., Mooney, R., 2007. Learning to extract relations from the web using minimal 
supervision. In: Proceedings of the 45th Annual Meeting of the Association of 
Computational Linguistics. Presented at the ACL 2007. Association for 
Computational Linguistics, Prague, Czech Republic, pp. 576–583. 
Cawse-Nicholson, K., Townsend, P.A., Schimel, D., Assiri, A.M., Blake, P.L.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not contain any specific information about the availability of a deep learning pipeline code repository on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response based solely on the provided text.