Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian, 2020. Google earth engine for geo-big data applications: 
a meta-analysis and systematic review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 164, 
152–170. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A., 2021. Comparison of machine and deep 
learning methods to estimate shrub willow biomass from UAS imagery. Can. J. 
Remote. Sens. 47 (2), 209–227. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B., 2021a. A comparison of decision tree-based 
models for forest above-ground biomass estimation using a combination of airborne 
lidar and landsat data. In: ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing & 
Spatial Information Sciences, 3. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M.,

Tang, Hao, Tang, Zhiyao, Fang, Jingyun, Guo, Qinghua, 2022. Neural network 
guided interpolation for mapping canopy height of China’s forests by integrating 
GEDI and ICESat-2 data. Remote Sens. Environ. 269, 112844. 

Ma, Lei, Liu, Yu, Zhang, Xueliang, Ye, Yuanxin, Yin, Gaofei, Johnson, Brian Alan, 2019. 
Deep learning in remote sensing applications: a Meta-analysis and review. ISPRS J. 
Photogramm. Remote Sens. 152, 166–177. 

Mandal, Dipankar, Kumar, Vineet, Ratha, Debanshu, Dey, Subhadip, Bhattacharya, Avik, 
Lopez-Sanchez, Juan M., McNairn, Heather, Rao, Yalamanchili S., 2020. Dual 
Polarimetric radar vegetation index for crop growth monitoring using Sentinel-1 
SAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 247, 111954. 

Menze, B.H., Kelm, B.M., Masuch, R., Himmelreich, U., Bachert, P., Petrich, W.,

randomly  selected  half  of  the  pixels  for  the  training  and  testing  split 
(Hudak et al., 2020). This strategic sampling technique was chosen to 
capture  the  full  distribution  of  AGB  values  within  the  LiDAR-derived 
AGB  maps  accurately.  This  stratified  random  sampling  approach  was 
chosen to ensure that the training/testing dataset accurately represented 
the distribution of AGB values within the LiDAR-derived AGB maps. The 
use of this approach was crucial in ensuring that the AGB maps gener-
ated were accurate and representative of the distribution of AGB values 
in the study area.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Haifa  Tamiminia:  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation, 
Methodology, Software, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Bahram  Salehi:  Funding  acquisition.  Masoud 
Mahdianpari:  Data  curation.  Tristan  Goulden:  Writing  –  review  & 
editing. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgment 

This project was supported by the Climate & Applied Forest Research 
Institute at SUNY ESF with funding from the NYS Department of Envi-
ronmental Conservation and as well as by a NIFA (National Institute of 
Food  and  Agriculture)  McIntire-Stennis  grant.  We  would  also  like  to 
thank Dr. Colin M. Beier, Lucas K. Johnson and Michael J. Mahoney for 
providing the airborne LiDAR-derived AGB rasters. 

References 

Ahmed, Oumer S., Franklin, Steven E., Wulder, Michael A., White, Joanne C., 2015.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers mentioned in the given context utilize various methods for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. These include:

1. Airborne Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR): Used to derive Above Ground Biomass (AGB) maps (Hudak et al., 2020; Tamiminia et al., 2021a).

2. Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Imagery: Utilized to estimate shrub willow biomass (Tamiminia et al., 2021).

3. Satellite Imaging: Including Sentinel-1 Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data used for crop growth monitoring (Mandal et al., 2020).

4. Public Datasets: Such as those available through Google Earth Engine for geo-big data applications (Adeli et al., 2020).

5. Combination of Airborne LiDAR and Landsat Data: For forest above-ground biomass estimation (Tamiminia et al., 2021a).

6. Integration of Geoscience Laser Altimeter System (GLAS)/ICESat and Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI)/ICESat-2 Data: For mapping canopy height of China’s forests (Tamiminia et al., 2022).