Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mAP =

1
Nc

∑Nc

k=1

APk

(4)  

where the Nc  is the number of classes. The advantage of using mAP is 
that it is independent of the selected threshold for the implementation of 
the model. The closer its value is to one, the better the model will be. 
We searched a θ-threshold by class to provide an optimum balance 
between precision and recall metrics. This was done by observing the 
highest measure of the harmonic mean (F1score) and the most general 
measure variations of the Fscore: 
) P(θ)R(θ)
P(θ)β2 + R(θ)

1 + β2

Fβ =

(5) 

(cid:0)

This decreased the β  coefficient up to 0.5 to provide a higher pon-

deration to the precision than to the recall (Kahl et al., 2021). 

2.9. Non-acoustic environmental variables

2021. Deep learning as a tool for ecology and evolution. Methods Ecol. Evol. https:// 
doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.13901. 

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)10190910G. Morales et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Bravo, S.P., Cueto, V.R., Gorosito, C.A., 2017. Migratory timing, rate, routes and 

wintering areas of White-crested Elaenia (Elaenia albiceps chilensis), a key seed 
disperser for Patagonian forest regeneration. PLoS One 12, e0170188. https://doi. 
org/10.1371/journal.pone.0170188. 

Butt, N., Chauvenet, A.L., Adams, V.M., Beger, M., Gallagher, R.V., Shanahan, D.F., 

Navarino, comuna Cabo de Hornos, Chile., in: Anales del Instituto de la Patagonia, 
pp. 25–33.

The workflow is summarized in Fig. 3 in order to facilitate under-
standing of the inputs and outputs of the techniques used throughout the 
process. 

3. Results 

The UMAP technique (Fig. 4) elegantly and effectively revealed the 
variety  and  clustering  of  the  representative  samples  given  in  both 
feature spaces (STFT and FCT). This allowed us to predict an encour-
aging forecast of separability in a supervised learning process. Consid-
ering the high dimensionality of the hyper-vectors extracted with FCT 
(22,000 components versus 11,136 with STFT) and the longer process-
ing time (160 ms per sample versus 3 ms with STFT), the creation of 
spectrograms for the training stage was calculated with STFT only, as 
described in Subsection 2.4.1.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Method for passive acoustic monitoring of bird communities using UMAP 
and a deep neural network

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it can be inferred from the text that the authors used a method to find an optimal balance between precision and recall metrics by searching for a θ-threshold by class. They observed the highest measure of the harmonic mean (F1 score) and varied the F score to decrease the β coefficient down to 0.5, providing a higher ponderation to the precision than to the recall. It is not clear if this optimization process involved methods such as grid search or random search. Therefore, without additional context, it cannot be determined exactly how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized.