Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

The mixed audio clips are then converted into spectrograms as input 
images for model training. The clips are transformed by applying the 
short-time Fourier transform (STFT) with a window size of 1600 sam-
ples,  hop  size  of  400  samples  (75%  overlap),  and  240  mel-scale  fre-
quency bins.  Each spectrogram thus  has a height  of 438 pixels  and a 
width of 436 pixels (Appendix S1: Fig. S4a).

Compared with previous CNN-based approaches, the mAP of 0.83 in 
our case study is inconspicuous (Appendix S2: Table S4). However, not 
only the model itself but also the test dataset used can affect the values of 
model performance metrics. Because the SILIC aims to facilitate auto-
mated information extraction from the recordings of PAM projects, our 
test dataset was obtained from soundscape recordings, which are usually 
much noisier than focal recordings. In comparison with focal recordings, 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015346S.-H. Wu et al.

The convolutional neural network (CNN) algorithm has been used as 
a successful alternative in recent years to improve the performance of 
identifying animal sounds in soundscape recordings. CNN is a state-of- 
the-art deep learning algorithm that is very effective in image recogni-
tion  and  classification  (Pak  and  Kim,  2017;  Rawat  and  Wang,  2017). 
CNN-based classifiers can also be used on audio data by converting the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific optimization technique such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) being used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does discuss the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for identifying animal sounds in soundscape recordings. CNN is a type of deep learning algorithm known for its effectiveness in image recognition and classification tasks. It uses various layers like convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers to learn features from images. While the context doesn't provide details about the optimization techniques used during the training process, typically, these algorithms employ some form of gradient descent optimization method, such as SGD or Adam, to update their weights and minimize the loss function. Therefore, while we cannot definitively state which optimization technique was used based solely on this context, it is reasonable to infer that one of these methods could have been employed.