Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The structure of this paper is organized as follows.
Section II describes data acquisition and preprocessing of
acquired dataset to overcome imbalanced and data overﬁt-
ting. Section III focuses on the deep learning models and
enhancement of ﬁne grained feature extraction accuracy by
swapping the misclassiﬁed data between the training and
validation datasets. Section IV illustrates the experimental
setting and the hardware requirements. Section V endorses
the proof of concept and validation of the purposed method-
ology. Section VI emphasizes the signiﬁcances of endemic
birds and its habitation. Finally, Section VII summarizes the
impact of the purposed model and presents directions for
future study.

deep learning platform,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 66980–66989, 2019.

[22] J. Wang, Y. Chen, W. Feng, H. Yu, M. Huang, and Q. Yang, ‘‘Transfer
learning with dynamic distribution adaptation,’’ ACM Trans. Intell. Syst.
Technol., vol. 11, no. 1, pp. 1–25, Feb. 2020.

[23] H. Jiang, K. Wang, Y. Wang, M. Gao, and Y. Zhang, ‘‘Energy big data: A

survey,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 4, pp. 3844–3861, 2016.

[24] R. Liu, Y. Shi, C. Jia, and M. Jia, ‘‘A survey of sentiment analysis based
on transfer learning,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 85401–85412, 2019.
[25] S. J. Pan and Q. Yang, ‘‘Survey on transfer learning,’’ IEEE Trans. Knowl.

Data Eng., vol. 22, no. 10, pp. 1345–1359, Oct. 2010.

[26] L. Shao, F. Zhu, and X. Li, ‘‘Transfer learning for visual categoriza-
tion: A survey,’’ IEEE Trans. Neural Netw. Learn. Syst., vol. 26, no. 5,
pp. 1019–1034, May 2015.

102976

VOLUME 9, 2021

Y.-P. Huang, H. Basanta: Recognition of Endemic Bird Species Using Deep Learning Models

acquired while learning the 27 endemic bird species should be
used to solve related tasks pertaining to the 29 endemic bird
species. Otherwise, considerable time would be spent every
time a new dataset of birds is used. Therefore, to implement
the entire process, we adopted a deep-learning-based model
(Inception-ResNet-v2) to train and learn the features of 27
endemic bird species (source domain). Then, the learned fea-
tures were transferred to a second target network to train the
newly added dataset on endemic bird species (target domain).
Thus, the problem was deﬁned as follows: for a given source
domain DS and learning task LT and target domain DT
and learning task TL, the transfer learning technique helps
improve the learning of the target predictive function fT (·)
in DT using the knowledge acquired from DS and LT , where
DS (cid:54)= DT or LT (cid:54)= TL [25], [26]. Transfer learning method
enables to utilize knowledge from previously learned tasks

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide explicit information about the specific methods used for collecting raw data in their deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that they use a dataset of 27 endemic bird species for the source domain and another dataset of newly added endemic bird species for the target domain. It can be assumed that these datasets could have been collected through various means such as field observations, camera traps, audio recordings, or publicly available databases. Nevertheless, without further details, it cannot be definitively stated what exact methods were employed for gathering the raw data.