Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3. Network architecture 

The architecture used was a heavily modified version of that used in 
“Unsupervised Deep Learning with Pytorch” by github user “eelxpeng” 
(eelxpeng, 2018). As the size of our audio spectrograms has been con-
strained to 128 × 128 pixel RGB images with values repeated in each 
color channel to produce a greyscale image. For this initial experiment 
testing  the feasibility of using an auto-encoder-generated feature rep-
resentation for ecoacoustic analysis, we chose a basic auto-encoder ar-
chitecture  to  minimise  the  complications  that  may  be  introduced  by 
more advanced architectures. A rectified linear unit (ReLU) based acti-
vation function was be used, to help mitigate the vanishing/exploding 
gradient  problem  (Xu  et  al.,  2015).  Networks  using  implicit  pooling 
(determined using pytorch) and explicit max-pooling were used.

3. Method 

3.1. Dataset

Fig. 1. The structure of an auto-encoder.  

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012372B. Rowe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

proportion of non-silent audio clips. The research design is outlined in 
Fig. 2 

3.4. Training 

3.2. Data pre-processing

annotation  and  previous  use)  of  using  the  serf  dataset  outweigh  the 
problems caused by using an MP3 compressed dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query. However, it might be helpful to check the references mentioned in the text or contact the authors directly for more detailed information about their work and any associated datasets they have used.

Answer:::
Based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I do not know the answer to your query. It might be helpful to check the references mentioned in the text or contact the authors directly for more detailed information about their work and any associated datasets they have used.