Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

The mixed audio clips are then converted into spectrograms as input 
images for model training. The clips are transformed by applying the 
short-time Fourier transform (STFT) with a window size of 1600 sam-
ples,  hop  size  of  400  samples  (75%  overlap),  and  240  mel-scale  fre-
quency bins.  Each spectrogram thus  has a height  of 438 pixels  and a 
width of 436 pixels (Appendix S1: Fig. S4a).

The  standardized  recordings  are  then  segmented  into  clips  with  a 
fixed duration. There has to be a trade-off between a short clip which 
may include only part of a sound of some species and a long clip which 
increases  the  requirement  of  computing  time  in  model  training.  We 
segment recordings into 3-s clips because the duration of most sound 
classes in our database is less than 3 s. Kahl et al. (2021) used the same 
clip length in their model for identifying the sounds of 984 bird species 
in North America and Europe.

2.4.1. Data transformation 

The labeled sounds in a recording are clipped and transformed into 
fixed-sized input images for model training. There are four data trans-
including  audio  standardization,  segmentation, 
formation  steps, 
augmentation, and spectrogram conversion. 

The  recordings  are  first  standardized  because  they  are  from  the 
community-contributed  collections  and  thus  may  be  recorded  with 
various recording equipment, settings and weather conditions. Because 
the frequency range of the labeled sounds in our database is between 
100 Hz and 16 kHz, we use a sampling rate of 32 kHz with a 100 Hz high- 
pass filter as the parameters for audio standardization.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there isn't any explicit mention of how the dataset was divided into training, testing, or validation sets for the deep learning model. However, typically, datasets are randomly partitioned into three subsets: training set, validation set, and test set. The training set is used to fit the model; the validation set is used to provide an unbiased evaluation of the model while tuning its hyperparameters; and the test set provides a final assessment of the generalization ability of the trained model. In this case, since no specific details were mentioned about these splits, one can assume that a common approach might have been followed.