Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2.2. Retrieval results 

The retrieval experiments ensued the following strategy: every image 
is used as a query image and is matched with every remaining image in 
the database. Tables 6 and 7 present the retrieval performances of all the 
networks in terms of the four considered measures by choosing the top 
100 matches, i.e. η = 100, and the two chosen similarity distances. 

3.3. Deep learning vs traditional machine learning comparison 

A comparison of deep learning approaches with traditional machine

As expected for the retrieval task performed with deep features, the 
similarity  measure  influences  the  retrieval  performances,  and  for  our 
problem, the best one seems to be the Euclidean distance (See Table 6 
and 7). Even a little less effective than for classification, the results can 
be considered satisfying and confirm the potential use of deep learning 
techniques for retrieval tasks. Overall, our proposed model turns out to 
be the most performing among the considered networks.

(8)  

where  dim is  the dimension  of the  feature vectors,  Ft(τ) is the τth  the 
element of the feature vector of the query image t and FDBs (τ) is the τth 
element of the feature vector of the sth  image in the database DB. 

ComputersandElectronicsinAgriculture187(2021)1062696A. Loddo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Metrics. Four performance measures, namely average retrieval pre-
cision, ARP, average retrieval rate, ARR, Fscore  and mean average preci-
sion, mAP, have been used to compare the retrieval performances. The 
mathematical  formulation  for  each  of  these  performance  measures  is 
given as follows: 

ARP =

number of relevant images retrieved
total number of images retrieved (η)

=

100
ω

∑ω

i=1

r(DBi)
η

(9)  

ARR =

Metrics.  The  performance  measures  have  been  evaluated  by  aver-
aging on five different simulations for all the networks. The measures 
used to quantify the performance of a network are the Accuracy (Acc), 
specificity (Spec), and sensitivity (Sen), as following defined: 

Accuracy =

TP + TF
TP + TF + FP + FN

,

Specificity =

Sensitivity =

TN
FP + TN

,

TP
TP + FN

.

(1)  

(2)  

(3)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To evaluate the performance of their deep learning models, A. Loddo et al. used several performance measures. These include Average Retrieval Precision (ARP), Average Retrieval Rate (ARR), Fscore, and Mean Average Precision (mAP). Each metric has its own mathematical formula, which is given in equations (9)-(12) in the paper. Additionally, they also used Accuracy (Acc), Specificity (Spec), and Sensitivity (Sen) to further assess the performance of their networks. Equations (1)-(3) provide the definitions for these three metrics.