Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

albic meadow soil

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

glen meadow soil

salinized meadow soil with soda
±soda meadow saline soils + meadow alkali soil

meadow marsh soil

humus marsh soil

peat soil

alluvial soil

meadow saline soil
soda meadow saline soil + meadow alkali soil

meadow alkali soil
meadow alkali soil + soda meadow saline soils

grass wind sandy soil

meadow aeolian sandy soil

water

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

20 of 22

References

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

The data of a certain year are used as the test set, and the remaining data are the training and
validation set. The training and validation set ia divided into ten parts using the 10-fold cross-validation
method, in which nine of the parts are used as a training set and one is used for the validation set.
The percentage of the training, validation, and testing sets is 5.4:0.6:1. The training set is the data
sample used for model ﬁtting. The validation set is a set of samples set aside separately during the
model training. It can be used to adjust the hyperparameters of the model and to conduct a preliminary
evaluation of the model’s capabilities. The testing set is used to evaluate the generalization ability of
the ﬁnal model. However, it cannot be used as a basis for algorithm-related selection such as parameter
tuning and selection of features. The mean value of the ten results is used to estimate the accuracy of

σ(x) =

1
1 + e−x

(1)

Input Data

In this paper, the input data are 40-dimensional data. Due to the large time span and large land
area in the training data, there are large diﬀerences in the distribution between diﬀerent batches of
training data in the training stage, and there is a certain distribution diﬀerence between the training set
and the test set. Therefore, batch normalization is performed on the input data, where the speciﬁc
calculation/transformation of BatchNorm (Algorithm 1) is shown below. First, the mean of each
channel in the current batch is calculated, and then, the variance of each channel in the current batch is
calculated. The mean is subtracted from the input, and the result is divided by the standard deviation
to obtain the normalized output ˆχ
i is multiplied by the scale parameter γ, and the shift
parameter β is added to obtain the ﬁnal output yi:

i; then, ˆχ

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit information about the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer that the input data mentioned in the context might have been collected through various means like remote sensing, satellite imagery, or other geospatial data sources. These could also potentially involve publicly available datasets related to land use types, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distances to settlements, roads, and rivers. Nevertheless, without more detailed information, it is not possible to provide a definitive list of methods used for collecting raw data in this particular case.