Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020586M. Saberioon et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Fig. 6. Features importance based on RF approach for prediction of Chl-a using the (a) simulated EnMAP and (c) AISA Eagle airborne images, and TSS using the (b) 
simulated EnMAP and (d) AISA Eagle airborne images (test dataset). 

heterogeneous in fish ponds than in artificial water reservoirs. This is 
mainly  due  to  the  management  of  each  reservoir  and  nutrient  inputs 
from the catchment. 

4. Discussion 

The results of this study show that Chl-a and TSS contents of inland 
water  bodies  can  be  quantitatively  predicted  (Table  2)  and  mapped 
(Fig. 8) using the simulated EnMAP spectra. In other words, EnMAP can 
provide  enough  data  to  reasonably  predict  and  visualize  the  spatial

artificial neural networks (ANN) (Silveira Kupssinskü et al., 2020; Maier 
and Keller, 2019), and extreme machine learning (Peterson et al., 2018) 
became  popular  for  developing  semi-empirical  models.  They  provide 
intelligent  ways  of  eliminating  irrelevant  spectral  wavelengths  while 
unraveling  the  complex  relationship  between  response  and  predictor 
variables  with  limited  assumption  and  prior  knowledge  (Saberioon 
et al., 2020; Chen et al., 2022).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it is not explicitly mentioned what specific type of deep learning model was used in the pipeline. However, some common types of deep learning models used in remote sensing applications include Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), and Transformers. It is possible that one or more of these models were used in the pipeline, but without further information, we cannot determine which specific model was employed.