Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Materials and methods 

This section presents the tools and statistical models used to analyse 
the dependencies in this article. The first tool that was helpful in pre- 
processing  the  data  was  standardization  (Williamson  and  Piattoeva, 
2019). This is a kind of normalization that allows changing the scope of 
individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical 
range. It should be emphasized here that this transformation preserves 
the distance relations between individual data. Thus, suppose one have a 
set of records xj ∈ ℝn, j = 1, …, m where n is the number of features. For 
each element j = 1, …, m, the variables are transformed as follows: 

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1012844P.A. Kowalski et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

6. Discussion

may reach up to 40% of all infected patients.

Central Statistical Office - data for four years), (Fig. 1), the population 
classification  system  has  been  changed  to  incorporate  the  results  of 
testing for COVID-19.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The materials and methods section does not provide information on the criteria used to determine when training is complete or any specific details about the machine learning model used in the study. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer based on the given context. However, common criteria used to determine when training is complete include reaching a minimum validation loss, achieving a maximum accuracy or F1 score, or observing no further improvement in performance metrics over several epochs. These criteria can vary depending on the specific problem and dataset being studied.