Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Increasing  the  dimensions  used  in  the  assessment  through  additional 
variables can therefore be useful (Peterson and Evans, 2019). Due to the 
restrictions in MWST, the representation of data might not be as high as 
other  learning  methods  (Kekolahti  et  al.,  2015).  However,  the  con-
straints (only one incoming connection per node) allow only the nodes 
with the strongest associations to be connected.

The MWST-learned network was used for the final clustering of each 
group  of  variables.  The  connections  between  nodes  for  different  taxa 
variables  were  first  removed  so  that  only  within-taxon  connections 
remained (Fig. S2). The number of factors requested for variable clus-
tering was chosen based on the number of taxa. Multiple clustering was 
used to construct a new latent factor variable for each taxon, generating 
multiple  cluster  states  within  each  latent  factor  variable.  These  four 
latent variables were then themselves clustered to create a higher-level 
latent factor variable, a meta-cluster, that summarized the cluster states 
across  taxa.  This  meta-clustering  provides  a  hierarchical  clustering 
network that summarizes information on the coral reef community from 
the measured variables across taxa. This network also includes all factor 
nodes  and  observable  nodes  from  monitoring  data  so  it  provides  an

Dennison, W.C., Barnes, D.J., 1988. Effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and 

calcification. J Exp Mar Biol Ecol 115 (9), 67–77. 

Do, A.N.T., Tran, H.D., 2023. Combining a deep learning model with an optimization 

algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern 
Vietnam under global warming. Eco. Inform. 78, 102380. 

Donovan, M.K., Friedlander, A.M., Lecky, J., Jouffray, J.B., Williams, G.J., Wedding, L. 
M., Crowder, L.B., Erickson, A.L., Graham, N.A., Gove, J.M., Kappel, C.V., 2018. 
Combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes reveals complex reef 
dynamics. Sci. Rep. 8 (1), 16943. 

Dubinsky, Z., Stambler, N., 1996. Marine pollution and coral reefs. Glob. Chang. Biol. 2 

(6), 511–526. 

Edmunds, P.J., Tsounis, G., Lasker, H.R., 2016. Differential distribution of octocorals and 
scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Hydrobiologia 
767, 347–360.

Fig. 5. Network structure for supervised learning of the fish factor (FF) with all 
measured  variables  as  predictors.  The  latent  FF  comprised  the  manifest  vari-
ables from corals, sponges and gorgonians.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention or discussion about the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation) in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer based solely on the provided text snippets.

However, generally speaking, when working with machine learning models like deep learning, data is often divided into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. The training set is used to fit the model, while the validation set helps tune hyperparameters and prevent overfitting. Lastly, the testing set evaluates the performance of the trained model. Common practices include splitting the dataset randomly or using techniques such as k-fold cross-validation.