Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine-learning aiding sustainable Indian Ocean tuna purse seine fishery 

Nerea Goikoetxea a, *, Izaro Goienetxea b, Jose A. Fernandes-Salvador a, Nicolas Go˜ni c, 
Igor Granado b, I˜naki Quincoces a, Leire Ibaibarriaga a, Jon Ruiz a, Hilario Murua d, 
Ainhoa Caballero b 
a AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Txatxarramendi Ugartea z/g, 48395 Sukarrieta, Spain 
b AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Herrera kaia, Portualdea z/g, 20110 Pasaia, Spain 
c LUKE, Natural Resources Institute Finland, It¨ainen Pitk¨akatu 4A, FI-20520 Turku, Finland 
d International Sustainable Seafood Foundation, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, United States   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Sustainable fishing 
Bycatch 
Machine-learning 
Tropical tuna 
Fisheries oceanography 
Species distribution models

Honarmand Ebrahimi, S., Ossewaarde, M., Need, A., 2021. Smart fishery: a systematic 
review and research agenda for sustainable fisheries in the age of AI. Sustainability 
13 (11), 6037. https://doi.org/10.3390/su13116037. 

Watson, R.A., 2018. Fuel use and greenhouse gas emissions of world fisheries. Nat. 
Clim. Chang. 8 (4), 333–337. 

Platt, J., 1998. Fast training of support vector machines using sequential minimal 

optimization. In: Schoelkopf, B., Burges, C., Smola, A. (Eds.), Advances in Kernel 
Methods - Support Vector Learning. 

R Core Team, 2021. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical Computing. R 

Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. URL. https://www.R-project. 
org/.  

Reilly, S.B., Fiedler, P.C., 1994. Interannual variability of dolphin habitats in the eastern 
tropical Pacific. I: Research vessel surveys, 1986-1990. Fish. B.-NOAA 92 (2), 
434–450.

3.2. Performance of the models and forecast distribution 

The  mean  accuracies  and  standard  deviations  of  the  5  × 10-fold 
cross-validations  for  each  method  and  species  are  shown  in  Table  4. 
Random Forest is the method that achieves the highest accuracy for all 
the analysed species (0.718 for SKJ, 0.728 for YFT, 0.589 for BET and 
0.842 for FAL). Consequently, this is the method that has been used to 
build the prediction models. 

A  model  has  been  trained  for  each  species,  by  using  the  selected 
variables in Table 3. Then, for each model, the probabilities of finding 
high and low catches and absences of each species in the study area have 
been predicted by using the corresponding predictors given in Table 3. 
The results of the validation of the trained models are shown in Table 5,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain information about the deployment process of the trained machine learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to provide details on how the model was deployed, such as whether it was serialized or what platform was used.