Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Some of the state-of-the-art techniques 
for  handling  big  datasets,  such  as  deep  learning  and  convolutional 
neural networks (Stowell, 2022; Stowell et al., 2019), can be difficult to 
run for ornithologists, managers, and researchers without bioacoustics 
or  engineering  backgrounds.  However,  user-friendly  and  ready-to-use 
machine  learning  approaches  have  recently  been  developed  and  are 
increasingly accessible to respond to real-life monitoring challenges and 
the general public (Cole et al., 2022). Among these approaches is Bird-
NET, a research project between The Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the 
Chemnitz University of Technology. BirdNET facilitates the automated 
detection and classification of bird vocalizations, through a developed 
deep neural network, from sound recordings (Kahl et al., 2021). Bird-
NET is able to identify over 3000 bird species (Wood et al., 2021) and is

identify which of the candidate sounds are vocalizations of the desired 
species (e.g. Rycyk et al., 2022).

recognizers,  thus  cannot  be  used  for  detecting  species  not  already 
included  in  BirdNET,  and  has  limited  performance  for  detecting  and 
correctly identifying rare species (Arif et al., 2020).

2.4. Automated recognition software comparison

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information on the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model for BirdNET. Therefore, it is unknown if frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch were utilized.