Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian, 2020. Google earth engine for geo-big data applications: 
a meta-analysis and systematic review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 164, 
152–170. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A., 2021. Comparison of machine and deep 
learning methods to estimate shrub willow biomass from UAS imagery. Can. J. 
Remote. Sens. 47 (2), 209–227. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B., 2021a. A comparison of decision tree-based 
models for forest above-ground biomass estimation using a combination of airborne 
lidar and landsat data. In: ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing & 
Spatial Information Sciences, 3. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M.,

Tang, Hao, Tang, Zhiyao, Fang, Jingyun, Guo, Qinghua, 2022. Neural network 
guided interpolation for mapping canopy height of China’s forests by integrating 
GEDI and ICESat-2 data. Remote Sens. Environ. 269, 112844. 

Ma, Lei, Liu, Yu, Zhang, Xueliang, Ye, Yuanxin, Yin, Gaofei, Johnson, Brian Alan, 2019. 
Deep learning in remote sensing applications: a Meta-analysis and review. ISPRS J. 
Photogramm. Remote Sens. 152, 166–177. 

Mandal, Dipankar, Kumar, Vineet, Ratha, Debanshu, Dey, Subhadip, Bhattacharya, Avik, 
Lopez-Sanchez, Juan M., McNairn, Heather, Rao, Yalamanchili S., 2020. Dual 
Polarimetric radar vegetation index for crop growth monitoring using Sentinel-1 
SAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 247, 111954. 

Menze, B.H., Kelm, B.M., Masuch, R., Himmelreich, U., Bachert, P., Petrich, W.,

To ensure the reliability and accuracy of the analyses, a quality mask 
was applied to the GEDI data to filter out data points with poor quality or 
degradation.  The  quality  mask  was  implemented  through  a  custom 
function named qualityMask, which selectively retained only the data 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024042H. Tamiminia et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Fig. 1. Visual example of spaceborne GEDI footprints for New York from June-2019 to September-2019, shown at different geographic scales.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Haifa  Tamiminia:  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation, 
Methodology, Software, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Bahram  Salehi:  Funding  acquisition.  Masoud 
Mahdianpari:  Data  curation.  Tristan  Goulden:  Writing  –  review  & 
editing. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgment 

This project was supported by the Climate & Applied Forest Research 
Institute at SUNY ESF with funding from the NYS Department of Envi-
ronmental Conservation and as well as by a NIFA (National Institute of 
Food  and  Agriculture)  McIntire-Stennis  grant.  We  would  also  like  to 
thank Dr. Colin M. Beier, Lucas K. Johnson and Michael J. Mahoney for 
providing the airborne LiDAR-derived AGB rasters. 

References 

Ahmed, Oumer S., Franklin, Steven E., Wulder, Michael A., White, Joanne C., 2015.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not include any specific details about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this study. However, it mentions that the data will be made available upon request. Therefore, I recommend contacting the corresponding author or the research institution directly to obtain more information regarding the data repository link.