Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Given unlabelled input data consisting of N samples with F features, 
x âˆˆ â„NÃ—F,  the  probabilistic  encoder  of  a  VAE  maps  the  input  to  the 
posterior density p(z|x) over the latent variable, z âˆˆ â„NÃ—L. In practice, 
L << N and the encoder neural network approximates the true posterior 
density, p(z|x), with a multivariate Gaussian, qÎ¸(z|x) âˆ¼ ğ’© (Î¼Î¸, Ïƒ2
Î¸ ). The 
decoder of a VAE reconstructs the input data from the latent variable 
and is given by the density function pÏ†(x|z). The encoder and decoder 
neural networks are parameterised by Î¸  and Ï†, respectively. The opti-
mization objective of a VAE consists of two competing terms and it can 
be shown to be (Kingma and Welling, 2014)  

â„’VAE = (cid:0) EqÎ¸ [logpÏ†(x|z)] + KL[qÎ¸(z|x)||p(z)]
â„’VAEâ‰œâ„’rec + â„’reg

(1) 

(2)

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

In order to reduce the parameter space while retaining the necessary 
information,  various  algorithms  for  extracting  the  WBF  and  other 
physical properties from insect recordings have been proposed and used 
(Kirkeby et al., 2021; Gebru et al., 2018; Qi et al., 2015; Jansson et al., 
2018;  Li  et  al.,  2020).  Machine  learning  based  methods  for  feature 
extraction, such as auto-encoders (AE), have also been used to extract 
additional  features  (Qi  et  al.,  2015),  and  very  recently,  to  cluster 
acoustically recorded bird songs (Rowe et al., 2021). While an AE is able 
to generate high quality features for classification, a known behaviour of 
AE is the irregularity of the latent feature space where two similar data 
inputs  might  end  up  with  very  different  latent  representations.  This 
makes the extracted features from an auto-encoder unsuitable for clus-
tering recordings of similar insect species and quantifying the diversity

(1) 

(2)  

The  quality  of  the  auto-encoded  reconstructions  is  controlled  by  the 
reconstruction loss â„’rec, which is the first term in Eq. (1). The encoder 
density is regularized to match the prior over the latent variable, p(z) âˆ¼
ğ’© (0bf,I), enforced by the regularization loss, â„’reg, which is the Kullback- 
Leibler divergence (KLD) term in Eq. (1). At a high level, the regulari-
zation term controls the smoothness or the regularity of the latent space. 
Well structured and smooth latent spaces can yield useful representa-
tions of the input data.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: Based on the provided context, it is not explicitly stated what type of data format is being used in the deep learning pipeline. However, there are some hints that suggest the data could potentially be audio recordings. For instance, the mention of "insect recordings" and "acoustically recorded bird songs" suggests that the data could be related to audio signals. Additionally, the use of Variational AutoEncoders (VAEs) and AutoEncoders (AEs) for feature extraction and reconstruction further supports this idea, as these models are commonly used for processing sequential data like audio signals. Therefore, it can be inferred that the data format used in the deep learning pipeline is likely audio recordings.