Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Villon et al., 2022) and applied as baseline in this study, still poses a 
challenge due to its labor-intensive nature, as it necessitates the training 
of a distinct model for each species of interest.

3.2.1.1. Training process. Dtrain  is the training dataset, which is used for 
training the target model using the learning algorithm A. In contrast, DS 
functions as the attack dataset, completely separate from the training 
dataset  Dtrain,  and  consists  of  data  points  drawn  from  the  same  data 
distribution as the training samples in Dtrain. The adversary first trains 
the attack model using the attack training dataset DS  and the learning 
algorithm A, in such as way that the attack model mimics the behavior of 
the target model. T is the attack test dataset that is assumed to be both 
disjoint  from  Ds  and  Dtrain,  in  the  sense  that  it  is  composed  by  non- 
member  individuals  never  seen  before  by  Ds  and  Dtrain.  Once  the 
training of the attack model is finished, the adversary proceeds to query 
the  attack  model  using  both  the  attack  training  and  test  datasets, 
extracting  the  resulting  prediction  vectors  for  each  data  point.  More

6.3. Metric learning vs MIA

Evaluation 

set 

ID1,3 

120 
180 
254  

pictures for each id. First, the target training set is then used to train the 
target model while the validation and target test sets are respectively 
used to validate the hyper-parameters and assess the classification ac-
curacy of the target model. Second, the attack set contains examples of 
non-members that are required to be able to train the attack model. In 
addition, pictures of the target validation are used as representatives of 
members.  Finally,  the  evaluation  set  contains  non-members  whose 
identities are different from the one used to built the attack model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly state the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete. However, based on common machine learning practices, some possible criteria could include reaching a certain number of epochs or iterations, achieving a desired level of performance on a validation set, observing a plateau in the validation loss, or meeting other predefined stopping conditions. It should be noted that these criteria may vary depending on the specific learning algorithm and task requirements.