Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

9 of 17

A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a type of deep learning-based model for
processing multidimensional data that follows a grid pattern [60]. The model is developed
in such a way that the algorithm learns and adapts to the spatial hierarchies of features by
itself from the lower to the higher levels of the pattern. Mathematically, it is composed of
three layers or building blocks: convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers. Feature
extraction is conducted using the ﬁrst two layers and mapping the extracted features to the
output is conducted by the third layer.

The features extracted by the convolution layers followed by downsampling by the
pooling layers are mapped using a subset of fully connected layers to the ﬁnal output
of the network. The fully connected layer is executed with the ReLU function [65,66].
Mathematically, the Rectiﬁer can be described as:

f (x) = x+= max(0, x)

(2)

where x is the input to the neuron. A unit employing the Rectiﬁer is known as the Rectiﬁer
linear unit (ReLU).

The performance evaluation of the model is conducted by tuning the learnable param-
eters, kernels, and weight by a loss function through the forward propagation followed by
updating these parameter values through an optimization algorithm either by backpropa-
gation or gradient descent.

2.5. Model Validation

Network (CNN) architecture is proposed, designed, and tested, which eventually gave much better
accuracy than the BIOCLIM model. Both of the models were given 16 input parameters, including
ecological and atmospheric variables, which were statistically resampled and were then utilized
in establishing the linear and nonlinear relationship to better ﬁt the occurrence scenarios of the
species. The input parameters were mostly acquired from the recent satellite missions, including
MODIS, Sentinel-2, Sentinel-5p, the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), and ECOSTRESS.
The performance across all the thresholds was evaluated using the value of the Area Under Curve
(AUC) evaluation metrics. The AUC value was found to be 0.917 with CNN, whereas it was 0.68
with BIOCLIM, respectively. The performance evaluation metrics indicate the superiority of CNN for
species distribution over BIOCLIM.

A deep neural network is a multi-layered model that can learn complex nonlinear
relationships between the input parameters. The current study is an attempt that has been
made to use the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for SDM. During the
last two decades, there has been a huge increase in deep learning and advanced machine
learning algorithms in a variety of research ﬁelds [60,61]. Deep learning conducts high-level
data abstraction using a hierarchical architecture consisting of multiple interconnected
layers with multiple artiﬁcial neurons. The neurons receive the input values and multiply
them with the speciﬁc weight obtained through optimization. Thereafter, the weighted sum
is transformed through the nonlinear activation function to further pass it to the neurons
of the next layer. The CNN architecture is represented in Figure 4 and the pseudocode is
given in Table S1. Through this procedure, the network will learn through the optimal set

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not mention any specific details about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot provide information on the exact hardware resources employed for training the deep learning model based on the available context.