Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

created  using  Sentinel-2  images  and  a  deep  learning  convolutional  neural  network.  We  tested  this  approach 
separately in 30 forest plots situated in the northern Italian Alps, in 100 plots in the forested area of Traunstein 
(Germany) and successively in all the 130 plots through a cross-validation analysis. Forest density information 
was also included as influencing factor in a multiple regression analysis. Our results show that the GEDI CHMs 
can  be  used  to  assess  biodiversity  patterns  in  forest  ecosystems  through  the  estimation  of  the  HH  that  is 
correlated  to  the  tree  species  diversity.  However,  the  results  also  indicate  that  this  method  is  influenced  by 
different factors including the GEDI CHMs dataset of choice and their related spatial resolution, the heteroge-
neity indices used to calculate the HH and the forest density. Our finding suggest that GEDI LIDAR data can be a

2022),  biomass  density  (Duncanson  et  al.,  2022),  forest  fuels  classifi-
cation (Hoffr´en et al., 2023) and surface elevation (Quir´os et al., 2021) 
which are key components for a global monitoring of forest ecosystems. 
Limitations at local scale arise because of the generalized footprint and 
the  sparse  sampling  design  (Liu  et  al.,  2022).  To  extrapolate  GEDI 
samples  for  continuous  information  on  vegetation  structure,  multiple 
approaches  have  been  developed  fusing  GEDI  samples  with  passive 
optical images in machine learning models (Liu et al., 2022; Rishmawi 
et al., 2021; Kacic et al., 2021). At global scale, Potapov et al. (2021) 
made use of machine learning algorithms to compute and derive a global 
forest  canopy  height  map  (hereafter  “Potapov30m”)  at  30  m  spatial 
resolution fusing GEDI and phenology metrics based on Landsat 8 OLI 
imagery. More recently Lang et al. (2022), Lang et al. (2022), produced a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context uses two main datasets: Sentinel-2 optical images and Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) LIDAR data. The Sentinel-2 mission provides high-resolution optical imagery from the European Space Agency (ESA)'s Copernicus program, while GEDI is a spaceborne laser altimeter instrument aboard the International Space Station (ISS) designed to measure forest canopy heights and vertical structures. These datasets were combined using a deep learning approach involving convolutional neural networks to create a high-resolution canopy height model (CHM) called Lang10m. This model was then evaluated across various forest plots in Italy and Germany to estimate horizontal heterogeneity (HH) and analyze its correlation with tree species diversity.