Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Among comparisons of methods to classify LULC from satellite images on several
benchmark datasets, Deep Learning has recently stood out as a particularly effective
framework for automatic image interpretation [12]. Given large amounts of training data,
Deep Learning is able to extract very complex decision rules [13]. In image processing in
particular, Deep Learning is at the top of the state-of-the-art semantic image analyses [14]
(described in the Methods section), greatly enhanced by the particular design of the
convolutional deep networks. Indeed, on some tasks its performance matches or even
exceeds that of humans [15]. Additionally in optical satellite remote sensing, Deep Learning
has become a standard tool, as it appears to cope particularly well with the continuously
varying imaging conditions (illumination, sensor properties, atmospheric composition,
etc.) [16–18]. Deep Learning has been widely employed for remote sensing, including tasks

40.32%
35.97%
46.56%
50.21%
38.75%
50.40%
48.38%

For the LU detection task, all deep learning techniques except AlexNet outperformed
XGBoost. Differences were signiﬁcant, with up to 15 percent points in OA. As in the
previous section, the best performing “single-pixel” architecture is DenseNet and the best
“semantic labeling” network is DeepLab. Interestingly, DenseNet reached the best PA,
although DeepLab dominated the remaining metrics.

For the remainder of this study, the best performing “single-pixel” and “semantic
labeling” were selected. There was little difference between the architectures, so the
architectures with the best F1-score for the LU classiﬁcation were chosen arbitrarily.

4.3. Inﬂuence of Neo-Channels and Land Cover as Input on the Learning

All architectures were trained with stochastic gradient descent using a similar protocol,
with a momentum of 0.9 and starting from an initial learning rate of 10−2. Every 20 epochs,
the learning rate is divided by 10 until reaching 10−6.

Neural networks do not perform well when trained with unbalanced data sets [41]. In
the case of “central-pixel labeling” architectures it is possible to make balanced data sets
with the initial pixels selection used for the learning. In the case of “semantic labeling” the
composition of the images makes it more difﬁcult to precisely control the number of pixels
per class. We tried several methods, but found negligible differences in performance. All
reported experiments use the median frequency balancing method.

3.3.1. Central-Pixel Labeling

47. Ronneberger, O.; Fischer, P.; Brox, T. U-net: Convolutional networks for biomedical image segmentation. In Medical Image
Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention—MICCAI 2015; Navab, N., Hornegger, J., Wells, W.M., Frangi, A.F., Eds.; Springer
International Publishing: Cham, Switzerland, 2015; pp. 234–241.

48. Long, J.; Shelhamer, E.; Darrell, T. Fully convolutional networks for semantic segmentation. In 2015 IEEE Conference on Computer

Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR); IEEE Computer Society: Los Alamitos, CA, USA, 2015; pp. 3431–3440.

49. Chen, L.C.; Papandreou, G.; Kokkinos, I.; Murphy, K.; Yuille, A.L. DeepLab: Semantic Image Segmentation with Deep
Convolutional Nets, Atrous Convolution, and Fully Connected CRFs. IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 2018, 40, 834–848.
[CrossRef]

50. He, K.; Zhang, X.; Ren, S.; Sun, J. Identity mappings in deep residual networks. In Computer Vision—ECCV 2016; Leibe, B., Matas,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific information about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in deep learning research, popular datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, and ImageNet could have been used. These datasets are often utilized for benchmarking purposes and comparing different deep learning models. Nevertheless, without explicit mention in the provided context, we cannot confirm which datasets were specifically used in this case.