Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Continuous  bioacoustic  monitoring  is  an  emerging  opportunity  as  well  as  a  challenge,  allowing  detection  of 
cryptic species' activity while producing high computational demands. In this paper, we present an automated 
framework that allows the monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over extended 
periods. The framework relies on the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model. We applied the framework to >80 
species; 20 species with the highest recall scores were selected for further analysis.

In this paper, we present an automated framework that allows the 
monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over 
extended periods and across various time scales. The framework relies 
on the BirdNET Analyzer deep learning model (BirdNET-Analyzer, n.d.), 

* Corresponding author at: Dept. of Computer Science, Tel-Hai College, Upper Galilee 12210, Israel. 

E-mail address: yizharle@telhai.ac.il (Y. Lavner).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102528 
Received 4 October 2023; Received in revised form 12 February 2024; Accepted 15 February 2024

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

The bioacoustic soundscape of a pandemic: Continuous annual monitoring 
using a deep learning system in Agmon Hula Lake Park 

Yizhar Lavner a, *, Ronen Melamed a, Moshe Bashan b, Yoni Vortman c,d 
a Department of Computer Science, Tel-Hai College, Israel 
b Department of Biotechnology, Tel-Hai College, Israel 
c Hula Research Center, Department of Animal Sciences, Tel-Hai College, Israel 
d MIGAL–Galilee Research Institute, Kiryat Shmona, Israel   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Long-term bird monitoring 
BirdNET 
Deep learning 
Bioacoustics 
Passive acoustic monitoring 
Avian influenza

In this study we demonstrated the use of our monitoring pipeline for 
computing  long-term  activity  behavior  of  several  species  recorded 
continuously for over two years in the Agmon Hula Lake Park located in 
the Hula Valley, a major migratory flyway. We generated the Agmon 
annotated dataset to examine the BirdNET deep learning model. A total 
of 23 species with the highest precision/recall values were selected for 
further analysis. When using automated deep learning models such as 
BirdNET the confidence score can strongly affect the automated iden-
tification  process  (Cole  et  al.,  2022;  P´erez-Granados,  2023).  We 
demonstrated that using BirdNET the relationships between the confi-
dence thresholds and the precision and recall values are species-specific. 
Accordingly,  we  used  species-specific  confidence  thresholds  which 
yielded detection scores that accounts for the precision-recall tradeoff.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that they have generated the Agmon annotated dataset but does not provide any details about its availability or location. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.