Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  selected  network  models  were  initialized  with  pre-
trained ImageNet weights and then fine-tuned to our datasets. 
The performance of a deep neural network for a dataset highly 
depends on network hyperparameters. The selection and fine-
tuning of  optimized hyperparameters  is  generally  a  difficult 
and  time-consuming  task.  Instead  of  manually  selecting  the 
hyperparameters, we employed Bayesian optimization to find 
their optimal values for each of the six models.  A Gaussian 
process  model  of  the  objective  function  is  used  by  the 
Bayesian optimization technique.  Different variables can be 
optimized using this technique such as network section depth, 
batch size, initial learning rate, momentum, and regularization 
strength. For this study, we optimized the network for batch 
size  (between  1  and  32)  and  initial  learning  rate  (between 
1×10-4  and  1×10-2).  The  optimization  was  performed  by

[32]  A. Khan, A. Sohail, U. Zahoora, A.S. Qureshi, A survey of the recent 
architectures of deep convolutional neural networks, Artif. Intell. Rev. 
(2020) 1–70. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10462-020-09825-6. 

[33]  H.  Chongomweru,  A.  Kasem,  A  novel  ensemble  method  for 
classification  in  imbalanced  datasets  using  split  balancing  technique 
based on instance hardness  (sBal_IH),  Neural Comput.  Appl.  (2021) 
1–22. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00521-020-05570-7. 

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on September 08,2024 at 16:24:56 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply.

To achieve a higher performance accuracy, training deep 
CNN requires a large amount of training data. This is usually 
a  limitation  for  the  task  such  as  fine-grained  species 
identification as  most of  the plants  exist in a  small quantity 
therefore represented by a small number of images [30]. To 
mitigate this limitation, transfer learning has been commonly 
adopted by first training networks on larger datasets such as 
ImageNet and  then  fine-tuning  the network on a  target task 
with  a  small  dataset  [31].  In  this  study,  six  popular  deep 
learning  models 
that  have  demonstrated  competitive 
performance in various computer vision tasks were adopted. 
These  models  included  InceptionResNetV2  (IR),  ResNet50 
(R),  Xception  (X),  InceptionV3  (I),  MobileNetV2  (M)  and 
GoogleNet  (G)  [32].  The  model  selection  was  based  on 
different architectural properties with an intuition that model

learning  models  namely  GoogleNet,  ResNet,  and  ResNeXT 
with different configurations [25]. In another study, Ghazi et 
al.  [26]  ensembled  the  results  of  GoogleNet  and  VGG 
networks  to  obtain  an  accuracy  of  80.18%  on  a  validation 
dataset of the LifeCLEF 2015 dataset. A bagging ensemble of 
three ResNet152-layered CNN networks was used by Šulc and 
Matas  to  obtain  a  performance  of  78.8%  mean  average 
precision (MAP) on a Plant CLEF 2016 dataset [27].

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, it is mentioned that the authors employed six popular deep learning models for their study. These models are InceptionResNetV2 (IR), ResNet50 (R), Xception (X), InceptionV3 (I), MobileNetV2 (M), and GoogleNet (G). All these models belong to the category of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). CNNs are widely used in image recognition and classification tasks due to their ability to automatically learn spatial hierarchies of features from input images. Therefore, the type of deep learning model used in the pipeline is CNN.