Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Random  Forest  is  a  common  machine  learning  approach  used  in 
remote sensing for classification. This approach requires a single pixel’s 
spectrum to be associated with a single metadata record, compared to 
MTMI-SMF which can take many pixels’ spectra and associate it with a 
single metadata record. Since training locations often did not fall near 
the center of a pixel (see example in Fig. 3 where the training location 
falls at the intersection of four NAIP pixels), a random pixel from the 
pixels  in  closest  proximity  of  the  training  location  was  selected  for 
analysis. This single pixel dataset was split into training and testing data 
using 5 K-fold cross-validations. MATLAB’s (MathWorks, Inc., Natick, 
Massachusetts) TreeBagger function was used to complete the classifi-
cation using 100 trees. Looping through the k-folds, the random forest 
algorithm was calculated using 80% of the data and classification results

the guesswork out of developing a training dataset by including a group 
of pixels around a field site and knowing that the ‘truth’ is included in 
one of those pixels. Lastly, MTMI-SMF is computationally very efficient 
compared  to  most  machine-learning  algorithms  because  it  relies  on 
simple matrix multiplication.

Zhang, Q., Goldman, S.A., Yu, W., Fritts, J.E., 2002. Content-based image retrieval using 
multiple-instance learning. In: Proc. 19th International Conf. on Machine Learning. 
Morgan Kaufmann, pp. 682–689. 

Zhou, Z.-H., Sun, Y.-Y., Li, Y.-F., 2009. Multi-instance learning by treating instances as 
non-I.I.D. samples. In: Proceedings of the 26th Annual International Conference on 
Machine Learning, ICML ‘09. Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, 
USA, pp. 1249–1256. https://doi.org/10.1145/1553374.1553534. 

Zou, S., Gader, P., Zare, A., 2019. Hyperspectral tree crown classification using the 
multiple instance adaptive cosine estimator. PeerJ 7, e6405. https://doi.org/ 
10.7717/peerj.6405. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10243214

Invasive species remain a challenging and costly problem (Crystal- 
Ornelas  et al., 2021; Hiatt et al., 2019), and  long-term monitoring  of 
invasions  can  provide  valuable  ecological  information  to  guide  man-
agement decisions (Blossey, 1999). Remote sensing may be the ideal tool 
to  fill  this  need  by  providing  accurate  and  affordable  repeat  imagery 
(Bradley, 2014). However, training datasets can be riddled with vari-
ability  or  errors  that  complicate  training  of  machine-learning  ap-
proaches. Here, we showed that a multiple-instance learning algorithm, 
which allows for variability or imprecision in the training dataset, can 
detect a highly problematic invasive plant species using multispectral 
airborne and satellite imagery. Using Brazilian peppertree in the Ever-
glades  National  Park,  we  showcased  that  an  invader  can  be  detected 
with >70% accuracy using NAIP, RapidEye, and Landsat 8 imagery. This

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention any specific datasets used in a deep learning pipeline such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, it discusses remote sensing applications using various types of imagery for detecting invasive plant species. The mentioned datasets include NAIP (National Agriculture Imaging Program), RapidEye, and Landsat 8 imagery. These datasets were used to train a multiple-instance learning algorithm called MTMI-SMF, which allowed for variability or imprecision in the training dataset. The goal was to accurately detect Brazilian peppertree, a highly problematic invasive plant species, within the Everglades National Park.