Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3. Network architecture 

The architecture used was a heavily modified version of that used in 
“Unsupervised Deep Learning with Pytorch” by github user “eelxpeng” 
(eelxpeng, 2018). As the size of our audio spectrograms has been con-
strained to 128 × 128 pixel RGB images with values repeated in each 
color channel to produce a greyscale image. For this initial experiment 
testing  the feasibility of using an auto-encoder-generated feature rep-
resentation for ecoacoustic analysis, we chose a basic auto-encoder ar-
chitecture  to  minimise  the  complications  that  may  be  introduced  by 
more advanced architectures. A rectified linear unit (ReLU) based acti-
vation function was be used, to help mitigate the vanishing/exploding 
gradient  problem  (Xu  et  al.,  2015).  Networks  using  implicit  pooling 
(determined using pytorch) and explicit max-pooling were used.

For  deep  learning  tasks  you  often  start  from  a  point  of  labelling 
training your data. However this can be slow and problematic. It can be 
useful to have a general representation for machine learning, that does 
not  rely  on  labeled  data  or  domain  specific  features.  This  paper  will 
focus on the use of auto-encoders for automatic feature extraction. First 
we  will  explore  the  relevant  literature,  then  explain  our  method  for 
automatically learning features, our method for comparing with other 
feature  representations,  results,  and  finally  our  discussion  and 
conclusions. 

The outcome of this research is an alternative method for analysing 
eco-acoustic  data.  It  will  be  of  significance  to  the  fields  of  Machine 
Learning and Soundscape Ecology. This research will be of direct benefit 

* Corresponding author. 

E-mail address: benjamin.rowe@hdr.qut.edu.au (B. Rowe).

Fig. 1. The structure of an auto-encoder.  

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012372B. Rowe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

proportion of non-silent audio clips. The research design is outlined in 
Fig. 2 

3.4. Training 

3.2. Data pre-processing

monosyllabic word recognition in continuously spoken sentences. IEEE Trans. 
Acoust. Speech Signal Process. 28 (4), 357–366. 

Dema, T., Brereton, M., Roe, P., 2019. Designing participatory sensing with remote 
communities to conserve endangered species. In: Proceedings of the 2019 CHI 
conference on human factors in computing systems. ACM, p. 664. 

Deng, L., Yu, D., 2013. Deep learning for signal and information processing. In: Microsoft 

Research Monograph. 

Dias, F.F., Pedrini, H., Minghim, R., 2020. Soundscape segregation based on visual 

analysis and discriminating features. Ecol. Informatics 101184. 

Dong, X., Eichinski, P., Towsey, M., Zhang, J., Roe, P., 2015. Birdcall retrieval from 

environmental acoustic recordings using image processing. In: 2015 International 
Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications (DICTA). 
IEEE, pp. 1–6. 

eelxpeng, 2018. Unsupervised Deep Learning with Pytorch. https://github.com/eelxpen

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no mention of which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined if AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment.