Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

Acknowledgments 

We  gratefully  acknowledge  Martin  Banuelos,  Reid  Harwood,  Lena 
Kondrashova  and  Cori  Nelson  for  assisting  with  early  explorations  of 
protocols for processing and classifying imagery. Royale Pinassi, Ricky 
Satomi, and Jon Solera gave valuable advice on validation methods and 
framing. We also acknowledge the Karuk Tribe and the Karuk Depart-
ment of Natural Resources for their tireless stewardship and in particular 
those cultural practitioners and tribal managers who have worked on the 
larger AFRI project. 

References 

Amici, V., Maccherini, S., Santi, E., Torri, D., Vergari, F., Del Monte, M., 2017. Long-term 
patterns of change in a vanishing cultural landscape: a GIS-based assessment. Eco. 
Inform. 37, 38–51. 

Angeler, David G., Allen, Craig R., 2016. Quantifying resilience. J. Appl. Ecol. 53 (3), 

617–624. 

Baatz, M., Sch¨ape, A., 2000. Multiresolution segmentation-an optimization approach for

Perhaps  more  promising,  however,  are  emerging  methods  that 
incorporate  the  human  ability  to  see  patterns  with  machine  learning 
methods used for classification, for example “human in the loop” clas-
sification (Buscombe et al., 2022). This could speed up the classification 
of  larger  areas,  and  might  also  enable  finer  classification  of  woody 
vegetation,  especially  in  the  NAIP  imagery.  This  method  could  be 
particularly successful using the four-band spectral information in the 
images  from  2009-present  to  try  to  differentiate  vegetation  types. 
Another possibility would be to use the Normalized Difference Vegeta-
tion  Index  (NDVI)  for  the  four-band  imagery  to  aid  in  classification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of imagery multiple times, suggesting that the primary data format used in this case is likely image data. Additionally, the authors discuss incorporating spectral libraries and other remote sensing products, which further supports the idea that image data is being utilized. There is no mention of any other data formats such as audio, video, or CSV files. Therefore, based on the given context, we can infer that the main data format used in the deep learning pipeline is image data.