Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Tan, M., Le, Q., 2019. EfficientNet: rethinking model scaling for convolutional neural 
networks. In: Chaudhuri, K., Salakhutdinov, R. (Eds.), Proceedings of the 36th 
International Conference on Machine Learning. PMLR, pp. 6105–6114. 

Tresson, P., Carval, D., Tixier, P., Puech, W., 2021. Hierarchical classification of very 
small objects: application to the detection of arthropod species. IEEE Access 9, 
63925–63932. 

Tresson, P., Tixier, P., Puech, W., Bagny Beilhe, L., Roudine, S., Pages, C., Carval, D., 

2019. CORIGAN: assessing multiple species and interactions within images. Methods 
Ecol. Evol. 10, 1888–1893. 

Valan, M., Makonyi, K., Maki, A., Vondr´aˇcek, D., Ronquist, F., 2019. Automated 

taxonomic identification of insects with expert-level accuracy using effective feature 
transfer from convolutional networks. Syst. Biol. 68, 876–895. 

Van Etten, A., 2018. You only look twice: rapid multi-scale object detection in satellite

capacity  over  various  benchmark  datasets  by  adopting  a  compound 
scaling method that enlarges the network depth, width, and resolution. 
In  addition,  we  proposed  a  data  augmentation  method  to  train  the 
two-stage CNNs as a generally applicable model under various camera or 
field conditions. 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study species and site

To re-identify the candidate regions, we inputted outputs from the 
YOLOv4  into  the  EfficientNet.  As  mentioned  above,  there  were  eight 
types of the EfficientNet. Starting from the baseline EfficientNet-B0, the 
baseline network was scaled up from EfficientNet-B1 to B7 based on the

these methods. By applying random erasing to the training dataset of the 
EfficientNet, performance was also moderately improved (Table 6).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning models discussed in the papers. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform were utilized.