Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

After first inception modules, second and third inception modules are set in turn. The output is the 
data with the size of 28 × 28 × 480. Then, the pooling and LRN are performed, the data with the size of 
14 × 14 × 480 is output. 

Ninth  layer: It  is a convolution layer with  480  3  ×  3  filters  and  their stride  is  1. The ReLU is 
selected as the activation function. The result of this layer is the data with the size of 14 × 14 × 480. 
After convolution, the data is performed by LRN. Then, the maximum pooling with a 3 × 3 window 
and 2 strides is used. The output result is the data with the size of 6 × 6 × 480. 

Tenth layer: This layer is dropout layer which is used to improve the generalization capability. 

The size of output result is 17,280.

The pooling operator is connected after this layer for extracting the main features of a certain area, 
reducing the number of parameters, and preventing the model from over fitting. The maximum pooling 
with a 2 × 2 window and 2 strides is used in this layer. The pooling result is the data with the size of 56 
× 56 × 64.  

After pooling, the LRN (Local Response Normalization) is used to normalize the local response. 
The LRN enhances the larger response value and reduce the smaller response value. Thus, the LRN 
also can improve the generalization of the model. The output result of the LRN is the data with the size 
of 56 × 56 × 64.

Second  layer:  It is a convolution layer, which is with 128 3 × 3 filters and the stride is 1. The 
ReLU is selected as the activation function. The LRN is connected after this layer, the output results is 
the data with the size of 56×56×128. Then above data is processed by pooling operator with a 3 × 3 
window and 2 strides. The output result of this layer is the data with the size of 28 × 28 × 128. 

Third  to  eighth  layer:  These  layers  consist  of  three  inception  modules  which  consist  of  seven 

convolution modules and a pooling module. They are divided into the following four branches.

(1) LeNet is firstly proposed by LeCun et al. in the 1990s, which includes three convolution layers, 
two  sampling  layers,  two  fully  connected  layers.  At  that  time,  it  is  difficult  to  run  LeNet  due  to  the 
limit of computation and memory capacity [21]. 

(2) AlexNet is proposed by Alex et al. and won the ILSVRC 2012 [22]. AlexNet achieves higher 
identifying accuracy than all the traditional machine learning algorithms. It is significant breakthrough 
for machine learning for classification. 

(3) GoogLeNet is proposed by Christian of Google and is the winner of ILSVRC 2014 [23], in 
which inception layers, including different receptive areas with different kernel sizes capturing sparse 
correlation patterns, are integrated into CNN.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the given deep learning pipeline. Data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, and others are commonly used to increase the amount of training data available by creating modified versions of images in the dataset. However, without explicit mention or description of these techniques being employed in the given pipeline, we cannot definitively state which ones were used.