Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10256014R. Ghasempour et al.

Fig. 1. Location of the Urmia Lake basin and the considered stations.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025603R. Ghasempour et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

of  differences  in  spatial  resolution  between  NDVI  and  LST,  a  re- 
projection function with the nearest neighbor resampling by default in 
GEE was used to resample NDVI to the same 1-km spatial resolution with 
LST. 

◦
◦ × 2.5

-  Satellite-based datasets 

In this study, The MODIS and CMAP datasets were used for drought 
monitoring. These MODIS datasets were extracted from the cloud-based 
Google  Earth  Engine  (GEE)  platform.  GEE  provides  various  types  of 
ready-to-use products derived from satellite imagery (https://eartheng 
ine.google.com).  The  16-day  composite  MODIS  vegetation  product  at 
a 250-m spatial resolution (MOD13Q1) was used to calculate NDVI at 
250 m. MOD13Q1 includes vegetation indices quality control for both 
vegetation  indicators  and  surface  reflectance  bands.  The  eight-day 
composite MODIS LST product at 1-km spatial resolution (MOD11A2) 
was  used  to obtain  day-time land  surface  temperature. MOD11A2  in-
cludes quality control for day-time LST and emissivity. 250 images (with 
cloud cover percentage <10%) were selected to assess drought varia-
tions in the selected basin.

◦
◦ × 2.5

The CMAP is a collection of precipitation datasets that can be pro-
duced by analyzing gauge data and estimating satellite-based precipi-
and its temporal 
tation. The spatial resolution of the CMAP is 2.5
resolution is monthly. The data of CMAP can be downloaded from the 
NOAA repository (https://psl.noaa.gov/data/gridded/data.cmap.html). 
Additionally, Landsat satellite datasets were used to investigate water 
surface area and salinity variations over a long period of time (i.e. 1985 
to 2020). For this aim, the most suitable data in terms of identifiability 
(i.e. frames with cloud cover <10%) was selected. It takes eight “Landsat 
frames” to cover the entire Urmia Lake basin. In the present study, 150 
images from 1985 to 2020 were used to assess land cover variations in 
the  selected  basin.  To  minimize  the  radiometric  effects,  radiometric 
calibration was done for the selected images. 

2.2. Description of the adapted methodology

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a direct link to the deep learning pipeline data repository. However, based on the given context, it appears that the authors are using Google Earth Engine (GEE), which is a cloud-based platform providing access to various satellite imagery datasets such as MODIS and CMAP. Additionally, they mention using Landsat satellite datasets for investigating water surface area and salinity variations. While these resources are mentioned, no specific links or references to a deep learning pipeline data repository are provided in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct link to the requested resource.