Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  automated  classification  of  migrating  birds'  ftight  calls  has 
the  potential  to  yield  new  biologieal  insights  and  conservation  ap 
plications  for  birds  that  vocalize  during  migration.  In  this  paper 
we  explored  two  state-of-the-art classification  techniques  for large 
vocabulary  bird  species  classification  from  flight  calls:  a  "shallow 
learning" unsupervised dietionary learning  method and  a deep con 
volutional  neural  network  combined  with  data  augmentation.  The 
models  were evaluated on a dataset of 5428  ftight  calls from 43  dif 
ferent  species, and  were  compared  against  a  baseline  model  based 
on  MFCCs.  We  showed  that  the  two  models  perform  comparably, 
yielding  a  mean  classification  accuracy  of 0.94  and  significantly 
outperforming  the  MFCC  baseline  (0.85).  We  also  compared  the 
performance of the CNN model  with  and  without augmentation and

During training the model optimi zes cross-entropy loss via mini-
batch  stochastic  gradient descent  [26].  We  use  a constant learning 
rate  of 0.01  and  apply  dropout [27]  to  the  input of the  last two lay 
ers  with  probability 0.5.  L2-regularization  is  applied to  the  weights 
of the last two layers  with  a penalty  factor  of 0.001.  The  model  is 
trained for  100 epochs and is  checkpointed after each epoch.  A val 
idation  set  is  used to  identify  the  parameter setting  (epoch)  achiev 
ing the  highest classification accuracy.  The CNN is  implemented  in 
Python using Lasagne [28] , and data stream  multiplexing (for train 
ing)  is implemented using Pescador [29].

the  reference  labels).  The  oracle  yielded  a  classification  accuracy 
of 0.97  (0.974),  suggesting that given  the  right fusion  approach  we

[2]  Miguel  A Acevedo, Carlos J Corrada-Bravo, Hector Corrada 
Bravo, Luis J  Villanueva-Rivera, and T Mitchell  Aide,  "Auto 
mated classification ofbird and amphibian calls using machine 
learning:  A comparison  of methods,"  Ecologicallnfonnatics, 
vo1.4, no.4,pp.206- 214, 2009. 

[3]  T.  Damoulas,  S.  Henry,  A.  Farnsworth,  M.  Lanzone,  and 
C.  Gomes,  "Bayesian classification of f1ight  calls with  a novel 
dynamic  time  warping kerne!,"  in  9th  Int.  Conf  on  Machine 
Learning and Applications (ICMLA),  Dec 2010, pp.  42~29. 

[4]  R.  Bardeli,  D.  Wolff,  F.  Kurth,  M.  Koch, K.-H.  Tauchert,  and 
K.-H.  Frommolt, "Detecting bird sounds in a complex acoustic 
environment  and  application  to  bioacoustic  monitoring,"  Pat 
tern Recognition Letters, voL  31 , no.  12, pp.  1524-1534,2010, 
Pattern Recognition of Non-Speech Audio.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

During training, the model monitors its performance by optimizing cross-entropy loss via mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. A constant learning rate of 0.01 is used, and dropout is applied to the input of the last two layers with a probability of 0.5. L2-regularization is applied to the weights of the last two layers with a penalty factor of 0.001. The model is trained for 100 epochs and is checkpointed after each epoch. A validation set is used to identify the parameter setting (epoch) achieving the highest classification accuracy.