Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The tools and methods available for event-stream processing are not 
the focus of this paper but they are increasingly many. Most have been 
developed  for  e-commerce,  monitoring  of  financial  markets  and  IT 
system monitoring but could as well be applied in biology. AWS kinesis 
(Amazon, 2011) and Apache Kibana (Elastic, 2016) give access to state 
of the art machine learning methods for event-stream processing at a 
click  and  mature  querying  languages,  such  as  elasticsearch  (Elastic, 
2012) make advanced data mining available to a much broader group of 
users.

39, 217–236. 

Elastic, 2012. Elastic Search. https://www.elastic.co/. Accessed: 2018-08-28.  
Elastic, 2016. Kibana. https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana. Accessed: 

2018-08-28.  

Fenno, L., Yizhar, O., Deisseroth, K., 2011. The development and application of 

optogenetics. Annu. Rev. Neurosci. 34. 

Filev, D., Georgieva, O., Angelov, P., Kasabov, N., 2010. An extended version of the 
Gustafson-Kessel algorithm for evolving data stream clustering. In: Evolving 
Intelligent Systems: Methodology and Applications, pp. 273–300. 

Goodwin, N.L., Nilsson, S.R., Golden, S.A., 2020. Rage against the machine: advancing 
the study of aggression ethology via machine learning. Psychopharmacology 1–20. 

Grosenick, L., Marshel, J.H., Deisseroth, K., 2015. Closed-loop and activity-guided 

optogenetic control. Neuron 86 (1), 106–139. 

Gstreamer, 2001. GStreamer. https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/. Accessed: 

2018-08-28.

A topic that we did not discuss in this paper is edge computing (Davis 
et al., 2004; Shi et al., 2016), essentially meaning to process data before 
sending it  on the network and  thus improve  response times  and  save 
bandwidth. This requires processing power close to the sensor, which we 
have, but we used it to stream data to the network and not to reduce the 
amount of data to transmit. However, a reduction does happen at the 
edge of the cluster where data streams are transformed to event streams 
and  could  thus  also  happen  at  the  sensor,  given  sufficient  processing 
power for the task. An important advantage of reducing the amount of 
data  is  that  data  can  be  transferred  from  remote  locations  via  low 
bandwidth solutions, such as LoRa (a long range, low-power, wide area 
network modulation technique) or Starlink (satellite based internet ac-
cess). Although the architecture and online computational ethology in

Leveraging machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intel-
ligence for automated annotation and analysis especially requires high 
quality data (Egnor and Branson, 2016). Although automated annota-
tion is widely applied, it is mostly used offline which has the advantage 
that the researcher can assist the algorithms, fine tune parameters and 
oversee that classifications are correct. However, it also limits the op-
tions for data collection and closed loop experimentation. We instead 
propose  to  automatically  annotate  and  analyse  data  online  while  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the provided context to determine what specific strategy was implemented to monitor the model performance during training. It would require more details about the models being trained, their architectures, and the evaluation metrics used to assess their performance.