Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Improving deep learning based bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura
Lymma) recognition

Avivit Levy a, *, Adi Barash b, c, Chen Zaguri a, Ariel Hadad a, Polina Polsky a
a Software Engineering, Shenkar College of Engineering and Design, Anna Frank 12, Ramat-Gan 52526, Israel
b Sharks in Israel, NGO for the Conservation of Sharks and Rays, Kibbutz Amir, 1214000, Israel
c The Steinhart Museum of Natural History Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 6901127, Israel

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Computer vision
Citizen science
Ecological study
Marine animal recognition
Pose handling

1. Introduction

1.1. Motivation

2. on the other hand, a practically reasonable pipeline for recognition
can be achieved despite the problem specification challenges, using a
careful examination of different factors, such as pose handling, while
bearing some surprises to the Computer Vision community, e.g., the
advantage of a feature-extraction enhancement (avoiding data
augmentation) over using augmentation techniques.

Preprocessing the input instead of relying on data augmentation is a
preferred way with significantly better results, seemingly by-passing the
difficulty of the Siamese network to learn similarity in the presence of so
few examples. It could be, however, that there is still a better way to by-
pass this difficulty but also exploit the power of augmentations.

CRediT authorship contribution statement

performance of a fine-tuned Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and
showed that the CNN outperforms the traditional classification methods.
Salman et al., (2016) compared traditional classification methods such
as SVM, k-Nearest Neighbours (K(cid:0) NN), and Sparse Representation
Classifier with CNN. They achieve an average classification rate of more
than 90% on the LifeCLEF14 (Joly et al., 2014) and LifeCLEF15 (Joly
et al., 2015) fish datasets using CNN and generally a significantly lower
rate using the traditional methods. Siddiqui et al., (2017) reaches clas-
sification accuracy of 94.3% performance on fish species classification
using a very deep CNN with a cross-layer pooling approach for enhanced
discriminative ability to handle the limited labeled training data prob-
lem. Nepovinnykh et al., (2018) examine two methods of Saimaa ringed
seal identification based on transfer learning: retraining of an existing
convolutional neural network (CNN) versus using the CNN trained for

Still there are issues that should be considered before a specific
detailed framework can be designed. In order to decide on a feature
extraction and recognition detailed steps framework,12 initial experi-
ments were performed on the individuals labeled database. Since we
study a task that has not been studied before, we explore different as-
pects and several directions to tackle them, which naturally, most of
them are abandoned after evaluating the results. Nevertheless, these
initial experiments are important as a base case to study the conditions
that improve the performance, which is the focus of this paper. Based on
the literature survey our initial experiments referred to the following
issues to be decided for the chosen framework: architecture, data
augmentation usage, feature extraction enhancement and handling
different poses. The evaluation of the initial experiments results then
guided our design of the follow-up experiments. The initial experiments,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this research is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, it can be inferred from the abstract and introduction sections that the goal is likely related to improving the recognition or classification of Taeniura lymma, commonly known as the Bluespotted ribbontail ray. This is supported by references to previous works that have used convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for fish species classification and seal identification. Therefore, it can be assumed that the deep learning model being developed here is intended for either classification or recognition tasks involving Taeniura lymma.