Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Remote Sensing of Environment

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/rse

Development of spectral-phenological features for deep learning to
understand Spartina alterniﬂora invasion
Jinyan Tiana,g, Le Wangb,⁎
Chen Shia, Massimo Menentid,e, Yong Gef, Sheng Nieh, Yang Oue, Xiaonan Songa, Xiaomeng Liua

, Dameng Yinb, Xiaojuan Lia,g, Chunyuan Diaoc, Huili Gonga,g,

T

Autoencoder-based deep learning for remote-sensing image classiﬁcation: a case
study of African land-cover mapping. Int. J. Remote Sens. 37, 5632–5646.
Liu, M., Mao, D., Wang, Z., Li, L., Man, W., Jia, M., Ren, C., Zhang, Y., 2018. Rapid
invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora in the coastal zone of mainland China: new ob-
servations from Landsat OLI images. Remote Sens. 10, 1933.

Liu, M.Y., Li, H.Y., Li, L., Man, W.D., Jia, M.M., Wang, Z.M., Lu, C.Y., 2017. Monitoring
the invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora using multi-source high-resolution imagery in the
Zhangjiang estuary, China. Remote Sens. 9, 539.

Lu, J.B., Zhang, Y., 2013. Spatial distribution of an invasive plant Spartina alterniﬂora

and its potential as biofuels in China. Ecol. Eng. 52, 175–181.

been applied on invasive species detection.

There still exist some limitations of GEE. For example, we cannot
save a geometry ﬁle larger than 512 KB, and it would be desired to
make the deep learning methods much easier to implement on GEE
platform. In the near future, it is foreseeable that a growing number of
large-scale mapping studies with GEE will emerge, which beneﬁts a lot
for us to understand, manage, and protect the earth. However, we also
should pay attention to some issues: (1) We call for worldwide re-
searchers to release their derived maps in GEE so that others can test,
use, or improve them; (2) GEE should establish sound accuracy as-
sessment, feedback, and modiﬁcation mechanism to improve the ac-
curacy of the released products; (3) GEE should encourage all the users
around the world to upload their high quality ground observation data
to advance large-scale mapping studies.

6. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not provide information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that Google Earth Engine (GEE) was used for processing large-scale remote sensing datasets and developing spectral-phenological features for understanding Spartina alterniflora invasion. To find out if there is a publicly accessible code repository for this study, one could search online platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket using relevant keywords like "spartina_alterniflora", "deep_learning", "remote_sensing", etc. Alternatively, contacting the authors directly might yield more specific results regarding the availability of the code repository.