Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/282290618

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

Conference Paper · September 2015

DOI: 10.13140/RG.2.1.1051.7201

CITATIONS
26

3 authors:

David J Klein

45 PUBLICATIONS   2,299 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

Bernie Tershy

University of California, Santa Cruz

162 PUBLICATIONS   10,146 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

READS
1,677

Matthew Mckown

Conservation Metrics, Inc.

19 PUBLICATIONS   545 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

All content following this page was uploaded by Bernie Tershy on 29 September 2015.

The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

Boomberg data for good 2015 http://first.bloomberglp.com/documents/d4gx/Environment.zip

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

David J. Klein

Matthew W. McKown

Bernie R. Tershy

Conservation Metrics, Inc. 
100 Shaffer Rd. 
Santa Cruz, CA 95060

speech  recognition,  and  genomics.  As  such,  AI  algorithm 
development  is  shifting  from  programs  hand-written  by  domain 
experts, to training machines by examples – often millions of data 
points  in  the  case  of  difficult  problems  such  as  unconstrained 
image recognition [32]. The major enablers for the success of DL 
have  been  the  availability  of  large  amounts  of  data,  and  the 
corresponding  computational  infrastructure  required  by  the 
learning  algorithms.  In  comparison  to  other  ML  algorithms,  the 
performance of a DL algorithm scales very well with the number 
of  training  examples  and  the  amount  of  compute  cycles  can  be 
applied. 

The biodiversity monitoring application that we have outlined is a 
prime candidate for application of DL, due to availability of large 
amounts  of  labeled  data  produced  by  the  analysts  using  our  UI. 

sensor modality. 

5. CASE STUDIES 

5.1.Detecting rare species

analysts.  Second,  using  machine  learning  (ML)  techniques,  such 
as  deep  learning  (DL),  we  progressively  train  computational 
models  to  detect  and  classify  events  of  interest,  and  reduce  the 
amount of wildlife data reviewed by human analysts by orders of 
magnitude.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it is not possible to determine what specific measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model used for large scale biodiversity monitoring. However, some common methods used to improve the generalization performance of deep learning models include using diverse datasets, cross-validation, stratified splitting, regularization techniques, early stopping, and transfer learning. It is likely that one or more of these methods were employed to enhance the robustness and reliability of the model. Additionally, the paper mentions that the performance of the deep learning algorithm scales well with the number of training examples and the amount of compute cycles applied, which suggests that a large and varied dataset may have been used to train the model.