Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

a deep learning model with an imbalanced training dataset (i.e. when 

35 sociable weavers at the RFIDs antennas. Of these, 30 individuals 

the different classes, here the individuals, have different number of 

with more than 350 pictures were used to train the classifier. In the 

training pictures) can result in the over-generalization for the classes 

great tit population, 77 birds were photographed, of which 10 had 

in majority due to its increased prior probability. For instance, a naïve 

more than 350 pictures. These 10 individuals were used to train a 

classifier  for  a  binary  classification  task  for  a  dataset  in  which  the 

CNN  for  each  of  the  species.  The  remaining  five  sociable  weavers 

ratio  of  the  minority  class  to  the  majority  class  is  1:100  will  have 

and 67 great tits (with <350 pictures) were used to address the issue 
of working in open areas where new individuals can constantly be

1,600 images of each zebra finch were randomly selected without 

eight pictures are being provided to the model each time) was used 

filtering for near-identical images. All birds had at least 1,600 images, 

since it has been shown that small batch sizes improve models’ gen-

except for one that had 1,197 for which oversampling was used by 

eralization capability (Masters & Luschi, 2018). If there was no de-

creating duplicates of 403 randomly sampled images.

crease in loss (i.e. measure of the difference between the predicted 

We used the VGG19 CNN architecture (Simonyan & Zisserman,  

output and the actual output) for more than 10 consecutive epochs, 

2014) and initialized the model with the weights of a network pre-

we stopped training, and then retrained the model that achieved the 

trained on the ImageNet dataset (a dataset with more than 14 mil-

lowest loss with a SGD optimizer and a learning rate 10 times smaller

learning methods such as CNN.

hold would result in discarding 77% of the images of birds present in 

The  most  powerful  aspect  of  CNNs  is  that  they  can  provide  a 

the training dataset.

4 |  D I S C U S S I O N

generalized identification solution. However, the capacity for a CNN 

to work effectively across contexts will be affected by variation in 

the recording conditions, for example due to light intensity, shadow 

or characteristics inherent to the recording quality. One solution to 

this is to ensure that the training dataset contains sufficient variation 

Deep  learning  has  the  potential  to  revolutionize  the  way  in  which 

to capture the broad range of contexts that the CNN is required for. 

researchers identify individuals. Here we propose a practical way of 

Photographing the animals across different times of the day and in 

collecting large labelled datasets, which is currently the main bottle-

now feasible to continuously collect training pictures and routinely 

lenges presented here, among others.

re-train a CNN using updated training data.

Having large datasets will allow optimizing performance of CNNs 

The arrival of new individuals to the study population is another 

as  well  as  identifying  the  relative  performance  of  alternative  solu-

challenge  that  needs  to  be  carefully  addressed.  If  these  new  birds 

tions. Other network architectures (e.g. ResNet; He, Zhang, Ren, & 

are  marked  with  a  PIT-tag,  the  CNN  could  be  updated  similarly  to 

Sun,  2016)  and  different  hyper-parameters  settings  (e.g.  learning 

the  problem  of  changes  in  appearance  discussed  above.  However, 

rate)  than  the  ones  used  here  can  yield  different,  and  potentially 

in many cases new individuals will not be marked. Such a problem 

improved,  results.  Other  deep  learning  methods  approaches  could

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, the training dataset contained a diverse set of images captured under various lighting conditions and shadows to account for variations in recording conditions. This helped the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to perform effectively across different contexts. Secondly, the dataset included a substantial number of images from both majority and minority classes, despite having an imbalanced dataset. For instance, in the case of the sociable weaver population, 30 out of 35 individuals had more than 350 pictures, while in the great tit population, 10 out of 77 birds had more than 350 pictures. To further mitigate the impact of the imbalance, oversampling was employed by creating duplicates of randomly sampled images for the bird with fewer images. Lastly, the use of small batch sizes during training improved the model's generalization capability, as demonstrated by Masters & Luschi (2018). Overall, these measures aimed to enhance the robustness and adaptability of the deep learning model in handling real-world scenarios.