Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the U-Net model is the labeling of each pixel in the training data. Abundant data are needed
for training deep neural networks of at least 1000 image samples. In such cases, a pretrained
network can reduce the amount of training data needed [47]. The U-Net implemented
within arcgis.learn had a ResNet-50 backbone that was pretrained on ImageNet.

7 of 29

The quantity of training data derived from ground data collection in 2018 was limited.
A U-Net implemented with Keras produced a low training and testing accuracy with
segmentation results on testing data differing between repetitions. Implementing a U-Net
model within the arcgis.learn module of the ArcGIS API for Python [39] removed the
requirement for a quantitatively massive dataset. Additionally, the U-Net implemented
through argis.learn is pretrained on ImageNet to further improve classiﬁcation accuracies.
This reduces the time and resources spent on ground truth data collection. Hyperparameter
tuning was done to select the best U-Net model [31,34,40]. Based on hyperparameter
optimization, it was found that the best model uses an input patch size of 64 × 64 pixels
and a ResNet-50 backbone [31,34,40].

2.4. Support Vector Machine (SVM)

a batch normalization layer after hidden layer 2 increased the testing accuracy of the model. These additional layers—dropout and batch normalization—reduce the over-fitting of the model on the training data and increase generalization on testing data. The hyperparameters in this network—the learning rate, number of epochs, and batch size—were further tuned such that the testing accuracy and the kappa were the best among all models. The optimized hyperparameter values for learning rate and batch size were 0.007 and 48, respectively.  Figure 4. Network architecture implemented for the Deep Neural Network (DNN) model along with the number of neurons that were optimized for each hidden layer. The output layer contains 11 neurons, corresponding to the number of classes to be classified. 2.7. Accuracy Assessment To compare the accuracy of various models independent testing data, i.e., same for all models, is used for model evaluation. The confusion/error matrix and subsequent met-rics are

2.6. Deep Neural Network

A Deep Neural Network (DNN) consists of multiple hidden layers, made up of ‘n’
number of neurons. These neurons are interconnected with neurons of the preceding and
next layer, through some weight (m) and bias (c), such that,

y = mx + c

(1)

The network attempts to learn the values for the various weights and biases, the
parameters of the model, by minimizing the cost function. The choice of the cost function
is important, as this function guides the model in the direction of the correct weights and
biases for accurate predictions. The cross-entropy loss function is used for the DNN model.
The number of neurons and the number of hidden layers all affect the predicting
power of the network. Thus, these parameters were adjusted, resulting in the architecture
seen in Figure 4. The presence of a dropout layer, with a value of 0.23, after hidden

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3495

8 of 29

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions two different implementations of the U-Net model, one using Keras and another using the arcgis.learn module of the ArcGIS API for Python. However, there is no explicit mention of which specific deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch are being used under the hood. That said, since Keras is a high-level neural networks API that runs on top of TensorFlow, we can infer that TensorFlow is likely being utilized when implementing the U-Net model with Keras. On the other hand, the use of any particular underlying framework for the implementation of the U-Net model within the arcgis.learn module isn't explicitly stated.