Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Since BERT can only accept a maximum of 512 tokens as input, we 
used smaller subsections of the longer web articles as classifier input, an 
approach previously applied to long document classification (Fiok et al., 
2021; Sun et al., 2019). To identify the sections of text most likely to be 
relevant to the classification decision, documents were split into chunks 
of 300 tokens using the NLTK word-tokenizer. Chunks that contained 
any  of  our  original  query  terms  (i.e.  any  bat-related  or  exploitation- 
related  term)  were  retained.  If  more  than  one  chunk  contained  key-
words,  the  first  such  chunk  of  the  document  was  retained  for  use  in 
model training and evaluation. Before being fed into the BERT model, 
texts are tokenized using the BERT tokenizer. Here, we set the maximum 
number of tokens as 400 for social media posts, as most were very short, 
and 512 for web articles, meaning some texts would have been further 
truncated at this step.

computational resources required to train them, the practical benefits of 
using  transformer  models  for  text  classification  may  be  limited  when 
applied to simpler classification tasks.

consideration for the nature of the classification task and the dataset to 
which it will be applied.

For the Naive Bayes and neural network model, a vector represen-
tation of the whole text was used in the classification decision. However, 
for web articles, the BERT model used a truncated section of the whole 
text  (see  Methods  2.3.2):  75%,  72%  and  80%  of  web  articles  were 
truncated in the training sets for classification tasks 1, 2 and 3, respec-
tively. Thus, for comparability, we also tested the performance of the 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020765S.B. Hunter et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is text classification. Specifically, the authors used a pretrained BERT model for classifying web articles based on their relevance to certain topics related to bats and exploitation. Due to the limitation of BERT accepting a maximum of 512 tokens as input, they employed a method of splitting longer web articles into smaller subsections and retaining those containing relevant keywords. This approach has been previously applied to long document classification tasks. The goal of applying this deep learning model is to accurately categorize web articles according to specific themes, which could aid in various applications such as information retrieval, topic modeling, and sentiment analysis.