Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y. & Hinton, G. (2015) Deep learning. Nature, 521(7553),
436–444. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1038/nature14539
Mukhoti, J., Kulharia, V., Sanyal, A., Golodetz, S., Torr, P.H.S. & Dokania, P.
K. (2020) Calibrating deep neural networks using focal loss. Advances
in Neural Information Processing Systems, 33, 15288–15299. Available
from:
https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/hash/aeb7b30ef
1d024a76f21a1d40e30c302-Abstract.html

Noguerales, V., Meramveliotakis, E., Castro-Insua, A., Andújar, C.,
Arribas, P., Creedy, T.J. et al.
(2021) Community metabarcoding
reveals the relative role of environmental filtering and spatial pro-
cesses in metacommunity dynamics of soil microarthropods across a
mosaic of montane forests. Molecular Ecology in press. Available
from: https://doi.org/10.1111/mec.16275

F I G U R E 3

The effect of increasing numbers of training images on

and TensorFlow 2.5.0 (https://www.tensorflow.org) libraries, and all

statistical analyses were conducted with R 4.1.0 (R Core Team, 2021).

Between-datasets classification

For the between-dataset prediction, the CNN model was trained with

RE SU LT S

a source dataset to predict images from a different target dataset. The

NN was trained with N images randomly selected from the source

Performance of within-dataset classification

dataset, which was then used to predict all images of the target data-
set and AccT and ΔAcc were measured. We ran the above procedures
for three source–target pairs (training dataset!predicted dataset),
GH!LH, GH!LL and LL!LH. These settings simulate two alternative
scenarios: (i) a global image database is used to predict local samples
(GH!LH and GH!LL) and (ii) conventional

images, as

those

Effects of datasets and the number of images

The accuracy of within-dataset classification and the effect of the

training was done using taxon labels from the source images and data-

training images on prediction accuracy, whereby the CNN model was

trained with N images randomly selected from the dataset and predicted

the class (family label) of n test images randomly selected from the rest.

N ranged between 100 and 700 for LH (with intervals of 100 images),
between 50 and 250 for LL (with intervals of 50 images) and between
100 and 900 for GH (with intervals of 100 images). The number of test
images n was set to 200 for LH and GH, and 50 for LL due to the small
size of the dataset. To evaluate the consistency of prediction accuracy,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned in the papers. However, it can be generally assumed that GPU acceleration would have been utilized for training these models since deep learning algorithms often require significant computational power and benefit greatly from parallel processing capabilities offered by GPUs. Additionally, one of the cited works mentions using TensorFlow, a popular open-source library for machine intelligence that supports both CPU and GPU computing. This further suggests that GPU resources might have been employed during the training process. Nevertheless, without explicit details regarding the hardware setup, we cannot definitively state what type or how many GPUs, TPUs, or other hardware resources were used for training the deep learning models discussed in the provided context.