Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ImageNet) (Russakovsky et al., 2015). Since 2012, there has been
signiﬁcant improvement in deep learning CNN architectures that
have led to better classiﬁcation results in the ImageNet challenge.
Here lies an opportunity to use a similar structure and approach
for targeted application in biomonitoring studies that could incor-
porate high-resolution information from the Chironomidae in
inferences of ecosystem integrity.

The implementation of the CNN classiﬁer was done in Python
programming language (https://www.python.org/), using the
Keras high level deep learning library (https://keras.io/), and Ten-
sorFlow with graphical processing unit (GPU) execution as the
back-end engine (https://www.tensorﬂow.org/). The regions of
the images most informative for the decision making process in
the deep learning model were visualized using Gradient-
weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM; (Selvaraju et al.,
2017)). As an output, heatmaps were generated that indicated
important aspects of the each head capsule used to determine
the taxonomic decision-making process of the model.

3. Results

3.1. Classiﬁcation results

factors: network architecture, protocol type of image acquisition
(Martineau et al., 2017), and robustness of input matrix (number
of entities and replicates). Our choice to use a ResNet-50 network
architecture, in combination with transfer learning, data augmen-
tation, and dropout proved appropriate for the current number of
taxa in our demonstration dataset. ResNet-50 network architecture
represents a midsize solution in the ResNet palette (18, 34, 50, 101,
152 layers) that combines both representation power and lower
complexity that allows relatively fast training of the models. How-
ever, the protocol for image acquisition inﬂuences the complexity
of features, which will be processed by CNNs. Controlled object
position during the collection of images can also govern the level
of feature variability. Our dataset was constructed under the lab-
based protocol of image acquisition with fully controlled position
of the larvae (ventral point of view). This was not the case in pre-

the genus (5) and subfamily level (2) all images were correctly
assigned. It is also notable that each model performed very well
even after the ﬁrst phase of the training, where the ResNet-50
encoder was frozen and only the fully connected layer was trained.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The text does not provide explicit information on the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions that TensorFlow with GPU execution was used as the backend engine, suggesting that the deployment might have occurred on a platform capable of handling such computations. Unfortunately, without more specific details, we cannot definitively state whether platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform were utilized.