Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arid zone 
LULC 
Tile 
Multiple probabilistic classification 
Space–spectrum array 
Random forest 
Google earth engine

To address the problem of unbalanced training data, scholars have 
explored  various  sampling  techniques,  including  major  category

using artificial neural networks with ensemble techniques. GISci. Remote Sens. 58, 
603–623. 

Inglada, J., Arias, M., Tardy, B., Hagolle, O., Valero, S., Morin, D., Dedieu, G., 

Sepulcre, G., Bontemps, S., Defourny, P., et al., 2015. Assessment of an operational 
system for crop type map production using high temporal and spatial resolution 
satellite optical imagery. Remote Sens. 7, 12356–12379. 

Khatami, R., Mountrakis, G., 2017. The interacting effects of image acquisition date, 

number of images, classifier, and number of training samples on accuracy of binary 
classification of impervious cover. Remote Sens. Lett. 9, 189–198. 

Kotaridis, I., Lazaridou, M., 2021. Remote sensing image segmentation advances: a meta- 

analysis. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 173, 309–322. 

Li, Z., Wu, W., Liu, X., Fath, B.D., Sun, H., Liu, X., Xiao, X., Cao, J., 2017. Land use/cover

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A novel space–spectrum array tile probability random-forest model 
enhances LULC mapping accuracy on Google Earth Engine: An experiment 
in Ordos, China 

Fuchen Guo a, Liangxin Fan a,b, *, Chengkang Zhang c, **, Sha Xue d 
a School of Surveying and Land Information Engineering, Henan Polytechnic University, Jiaozuo 454003, China 
b Research Centre of Arable Land Protection and Urban-Rural High-Quality Development of Yellow River Basin, Henan Polytechnic University, Jiaozuo 454003, China 
c The Research Center for Space Computing System, Zhejiang Lab, Hangzhou 311121, China 
d State Key Laboratory of Soil Erosion and Dryland Farming on the Loess Plateau, Institute of Soil and Water Conservation, Northwest A&F University, Yangling 712100, 
China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline or managing random seed values. However, some common strategies used to manage randomness include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, using ensembles of models trained with different initializations, and employing techniques such as dropout or batch normalization to reduce overfitting caused by randomness.