Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
C - 25 

2.2. Sampling and data collection 

coordinates 

Georeferenced 

of  Campomanesia

occurrence record of the species and the repetitions and/or replicas of 
distinct rounds of the software and manners of clipping.

Spline 

Maximum Entropy 
eXtreme Gradient Boosting 

CTA 
GLM 
GAM 
SER 
FDA 
ANN 
GBM 
RF 
MaxEnt 

MARS 

MaxNet 

Vayssi`eres et al., 2000 
Guisan et al., 2002 
Guisan et al., 2002 
Busby, 1991 
Hastie et al., 1994 
Venables and Ripley, 2013 
Elith et al., 2008 
Mi et al., 2017 
Phillips et al., 2006 

Friedman, 1991 
Phillips et al., 2006; Friedman 
et al., 2010 

Training 

XGBOOST 

Chen et al., 2015  

Among the ten climatic variables, Bio04 (Temperature Seasonality) 
and Bio14 (Precipitation of Driest Month) contributed the most to the 
prediction of climatic suitability for all the species; Bio17 (Precipitation 
of Driest Quarter) was shown as the third environmental variable as it 
was present in three of the four species (Table 4). The relative contri-
bution of Bio04 and Bio14 was >32% for all species, with Bio04 being 
the largest contributor. 

3.3. Past projections and present climatic suitability

Jim´enez et al., 2022). To further refine our projections, we tested two 
types of cutouts; one is called the general extent (GE), encompassing the 
total sum of the natural distribution areas of the four species, and the 
other is referred to as the specific extent (SE), restricted to the individual 
distribution  of  each  species.  To  crop  the  bioclimatic  layers,  we  used 
QGIS  v.3.16.11  (https://www.qgis.org/)  between  01
S  and 
34

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information on the methods used for collecting raw data in a deep learning pipeline. However, based on the available information, we can infer that georeferencing and occurrence records of species were used for data collection. Georeferencing involves assigning geographic coordinates to a location or feature, while occurrence records refer to documented instances of a particular species in a specific area. These methods suggest that field observations or surveys may have been employed to gather data on species distributions. Additionally, the use of QGIS software indicates that spatial analysis techniques might have been applied during data processing. Nevertheless, without more specific details, it cannot be confirmed if other methods such as sensors or public datasets were also utilized in this study.