Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Data model & vocabularies

A conceptual diagram of the many types of data that can be gen-
erated from one fish is shown in Fig. 1. There are 4 parameters of

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

The MI's metadata repository, known as the Data Catalogue, is an
online infrastructure which supports the storage of datasets generated
by systems, programs, and individual researchers within the Institute
(Leadbetter et al., 2019). The Data Catalogue is operated through
Drupal, an open-source, web-based content management system.
Drupal enables database specialisation by permitting developers to
build custom ‘modules’, which are a set of instructions written for a
specific function. The database developed, named IFBA (Irish Fish
Biochronology Archive) is a self-contained module, that operates as an
extended feature of the MI Data Catalogue module. This system was
specifically designed for scales and otoliths, because they are, globally,
the most commonly collected and used biomineral structures from fish
used for aging purposes (Panfili et al., 2002). The system is flexible
enough to be adapted for any biological sample type (e.g. shells, corals,

repository,

GitHub

the

in

teroperable and Reusable) open-data principles (Wilkinson et al.,
2016), were created through a bottom-up, community based initiative.
A component of the FAIR principals requires the usage of existing
standards (e.g. INSPIRE, O&M, Darwin Core). Consequently, scientists
have implemented FAIR data repositories specifically intended for
sample and data management (Adam et al., 2019; Conze et al., 2017;
Dassié et al., 2017; Lehnert et al., 2006; McNutt et al., 2016). However,
a FAIR compliant system and model for local repositories, purposefully
designed for physical ecological sample archives and their derived data,
has yet to materialize.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline. The text discusses the use of Drupal as a content management system for the Marine Institute's Data Catalogue, but it does not provide a direct link to this or any other external data repository such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, without additional context or information, I cannot provide a definitive answer to the query regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline.