Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Under the condition of unchanged training methods and parameters, 
the results of each model listed in Table 3 were obtained. As compared to 
the  accuracy of  the  model in  this  work, the  VGG  model's recognition 
accuracy  was  too  low.  Although  the  traditional  DenseNet  has  fewer 
parameters  and  a  greater  identification  accuracy  than  ResNet,  its 
recognition rate is lower than that of the model in this work. Due to its 
sliding window design, the Swin Transformer is somewhat more accu-
rate than the other models. Nevertheless, the number of parameters and 
model size are excessive, consuming too many memory resources. On 
top  of  that,  the  proposed  model  exhibited  the  greatest  identification 
accuracy  but  needs  some  improvement,  in  terms  of  the  number  of 
parameters.

∑C

j=1,j∕=yi

es(cosθj +m/2)

(3) 

In the above formula, the number of samples in a batch, the number 
of sample classes, the cosine factor, the cosine interval, the angle be-
tween the feature and the target weight, the angle between the feature, 
and the non-target weight are all denoted by the letters n, C, s, m, θyi , 
and θj, respectively. The network can concentrate its expressive power to 

Fig. 3. DenseNet structure used in module 1.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023345H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 4. Module 2 model diagram.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023346H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Table 1 
Machine configuration information table.  

Projects 

Content 

Central Processing Unit 
Memory 
Video card 
Operating System 
CUDA 
Data Processing 

Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-7700K CPU @ 4.20GHz 
32G 
NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN Xp 
Ubuntu 5.4.0-6ubuntu1 ~ 16.04.5 
Cuda8.0 with cudnn 
python2.7, OpenCV, TensorFlow  

12. Experimental parameter settings

learning and L2 regularization. Under this perspective, in this work, two 
types  of  data  were  only  used,  whereas  some  restrictions  arise  on  its 
potential application to additional datasets.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. However, it mentions that the model uses L2 regularization for learning. Additionally, the machine configuration information table indicates that Python, OpenCV, and TensorFlow were utilized for data processing. These tools often include various options for setting hyperparameters like learning rates, optimizers, and others. Without further context or information, it cannot be determined which exact values or types of these hyperparameters were chosen for the deep learning model.