Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The study of bird populations is crucial for biodiversity research and conservation. Deep artificial neural net-
works  have  revolutionized  bird  acoustic  recognition;  however,  most  methods  overlook  inherent  relationships 
among bird populations, resulting in the loss of biological information. To address this limitation, we propose the 
Phylogenetic  Perspective  Neural  Network  (PPNN),  which  incorporates  hierarchical  multilevel  labels  for  each 
bird. PPNN uses a hierarchical semantic embedding framework to capture feature information at different levels. 
Attention  mechanisms  are  employed  to  extract  and  select  common  and  distinguishing  features,  thereby 
improving classification accuracy. We also propose a path correction strategy to rectify inconsistent predictions. 
Experimental results on bird acoustic datasets demonstrate that PPNN outperforms current methods, achieving

3.4. Baseline model 

To assess the impact of hierarchical information, we established a 
baseline  model  employing  a  single  classifier.  Considering  the  limited 
computing resources, we adapted the Xception network Chollet (2017) 
with  a  positional  attention  mechanism  Fu  et  al.  (2019)  to  ensure  the 
effectiveness  of  bird  recognition.  Due  to  the  superiority  of  the  deep 
separable  convolutional  (DSC)  structure,  the  Xception  architecture 
outperforms other CNN architectures of the same caliber such as Resnet 
and DenseNet, delivering significant performance improvement. More-
over,  the  Xception  network  exhibits  quicker  training  and  inference 
speeds compared to vision transformers.

In  the  LifeCLEF  2014  Bird  Sound  Recognition  task,  Go¨eau  et  al. 
(2014) brought the application of deep learning in bird acoustics to the 
public’s  attention  for  the  first  time,  marking  the  entry  of  bird  sound 
recognition into the DL era. In practice, convolutional neural networks 
(CNNs) have been widely used in recent studies and have shown supe-
rior performance compared to traditional methods (LeBien et al., 2020; 
Zhong et al., 2021). Following this approach, a number of classic models 
emerged. Kahl et al. (2021b) took advantage of the residual block and 
proposed the widely-known BirdNet program. Another model, Bird@-
Edge (H¨ochst et al., 2022), implemented an Edge AI system for real-time 
biodiversity  monitoring  based  on  the  EfficientNet-B3  architecture. 
However,  CNNs  have  limitations  in  capturing  long-term  continuous 
dynamic  changes  in  birdsong over  time due  to  the  size limitations  of

1  IOC WORLD BIRD LIST 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025382Q. Wang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 1 
Species list of the BirdCLEF2018 dataset (total of 1500 species).  

ClassId 

efzmgo 
ksifri 
luwulk 
rpzoph 
dtjwwt 
vgdiog 
gkeewf 
nuejcm 
eupzjp 
yyklvx 
⋮ 

yyjrms 

Level 1: order 

Level 2: family 

Level 3: genus 

Level 4: species (Latin name) 

Total number 

Total time (s) 

Galliformes 
Accipitriformes 
Accipitriformes 
Accipitriformes 
Passeriformes 
Charadriiformes 
Apodiformes 
Strigiformes 
Apodiformes 
Passeriformes 
⋮ 

Passeriformes 

Cracidae 
Accipitridae 
Accipitridae 
Accipitridae 
Rhinocryptidae 
Scolopacidae 
Trochilidae 
Strigidae 
Apodidae 
Icteridae 
⋮ 

Emberizidae

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention or reference to any specific code repository containing the deep learning pipeline discussed in the given context. Therefore, it would not be possible to provide accurate information regarding its availability on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket.