Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

dataset  was  randomly  selected  from  the  remaining  sites  so  that 

while the  remaining 0.86 s is spent running the networks.

FAIRBRASS et Al. 2041210x, 2019, 2, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13114 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseMethods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

    |  191

(a)

(b)

(c)

methods for preprocessing spectrograms before they are used in 

were repeated independently for CityBioNet and CityAnthroNet 

ML; for example, whitening (Lee, Pham, Largman, & Ng, 2009) and 

to  predict  the  presence/absence  of  biotic  and  anthropogenic 

subtraction of mean values along each frequency bin (Aide et al., 

sound in every 1 s chunk throughout the audio file, allowing each 

2013). CNNs are able to accept inputs with multiple channels of 

chunk to be categorised into one of four states (Figure 2).

data, for example, the red, green, and blue channels of a colour 

7.  Summarise: Where appropriate, the chunk-level predictions were 

image. We exploited the multiple input channel capability of our 

summarised to gain insights into trends over time and space. For 

CNN by providing as input four spectrograms each preprocessed 

example,  predicted  activity  levels  for  each  half-hour  window 

using  a  different  normalisation  strategy  (see  Supplementary

ditional  methods  (Farinha- Marques,  Lameiras,  Fernandes,  Silva,  & 

automatically  based  on  the  annotated  training  data  provided. 

Guilherme, 2011). This inhibits our ability to conduct the large- scale 

Convolutional Neural Networks, CNNs (or Deep learning) (LeCun, 

assessment that is necessary for understanding urban ecosystems.

Bengio,  &  Hinton,  2015)  can  even  choose,  based  on  the  annota-

Ecoacoustic surveying has emerged as a useful method of large- 

tions in the training dataset, the features that discriminate different 

scale  quantification  of  ecological  communities  and  their  habitats 

classes  in  datasets  without  being  specified  a  priori,  and  can  take 

(Sueur  &  Farina,  2015).  Passive  acoustic  recording  equipment  facil-

advantage of large quantities of training data where their ability to 

itates the collection of audio data over long time periods and large

could be averaged to inspect the level of biotic and anthropogenic 

Methods), which gave considerable improvements to network ac-

activity at different times of day.

curacy above any single normalisation scheme in isolation. After 

applying different normalisation strategies, the input to the net-

The ML pipeline was written in python v.2.7.12 (Python Software 

work consisted of a 32 × 21 × 4 tensor.

Foundation,  2016)  using  theano  v.0.9.0  (The  Theano  Development 

5.  Apply CNN classifier:  As  described  above,  classification  was  per-

Team,  et al.  2016)  and  lasagne  v.0.2  (Dieleman  et al.,  2015)  for  ML 

formed with a CNN, whose parameters were learnt from training 

and librosa v.0.4.2 (McFee et al., 2015) for audio processing.

data. The CNN comprised a series of layers, each of which modi-

fied  its  input  data  with  parameterised  mathematical  operations 

which were optimised to improve classification performance dur-

2.1 | Acoustic dataset

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific information about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) used in this study have the capability to process multiple input channels of data, similar to how color images have red, green, and blue channels. In this case, the CNNs processed four spectrograms, each preprocessed using a different normalization strategy. Therefore, while we cannot identify the exact datasets used, we do know that the input data consisted of spectrograms derived from audio files.

Based on the given context, I am unable to determine the specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it is clear that the pipeline utilized spectrograms derived from audio files as input data.