Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Crowdsourcing biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers using 
Dive Reporter 

Matej Buzinkai a, *, Marko Radeta a,b,c, Claudio Rodrigues a, b, Francisco Silva a, b, 
Ruben Freitas a, b, Sahar Chebaane a, Paola Parretti a, Susanne Sch¨afer a, Rodrigo Silva a, 
Francesca Gizzi a, Silvia Almeida a, Sonia K.M. Gueroun a, Jo˜ao Canning-Clode a, d, Jo˜ao 
Gama Monteiro a, e 
a MARE – Marine and Environmental Sciences Centre / ARNET - Aquatic Research Network, Agˆencia Regional para o Desenvolvimento da Investigaç˜ao Tecnologia e 
Inovaç˜ao (ARDITI), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal 
b Wave Labs, Faculty of Exact Sciences and Engineering, University of Madeira, Portugal 
c Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
d Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, USA 
e Faculty of Life Sciences, Universidade da Madeira, Portugal

selected  number  of  taxa  (curated  by  local  scientists)  within  a  target 
geographic location (e.g., Madeira archipelago). This approach ensures 
systematic reporting on the occurrence and abundance of selected taxa 
within  multiple  dive  sites,  while  allowing  SCUBA  divers  to  follow  a 
recreational  dive  plan.  The  proposed  strategy  has  two  main  pre-
requisites:  (i)  the  presence  of  SCUBA  dive  operations  with  organised 
recreational diving, and (ii) local researchers interested in monitoring 
local dive sites that can curate the list of target taxa and manage data 
and outputs. Designed to engage SCUBA dive service providers directly, 
this  strategy  has  the  added  advantage  of  having  dive  instructors  and 
guides  as  “in  situ  validators”  which  can  significantly  enhance  data 
quality  (Goffredo  et  al.,  2010; Branchini  et  al., 2015;  Mangelli et  al., 
2021).

4. Discussion 

Citizen science is increasingly becoming an important tool that en-
ables cost-effective biodiversity monitoring and initiatives oriented at 
marine environments (Garcia-Soto et al., 2021; Kelly et al., 2020). In 
SCUBA oriented citizen science initiatives, a trade-off persists between 
two  approaches  to  data  collection:  opportunistic  reporting  allows 
simplicity and participation of recreational SCUBA divers, but is prone 
to  noisy  data,  while  systematic  surveys  with  standard  protocols  offer 
higher  data  quality,  but  often  create  barriers  to  participation.  In  this 
study,  we  tested  a  novel  approach  that  provides  elements  of  stand-
ardised data collection, while retaining a recreational SCUBA dive plan, 
by leveraging a mobile app with a custom species list to conduct post- 
dive interviews and compile data.

Schaefer reports financial support was provided by Regional Agency for 
the Development of Research Technology and Innovation. Rodrigo Silva 
reports  financial  support  was  provided  by  Regional  Agency  for  the 
Development of Research Technology and Innovation. Francesca Gizzi 
reports  financial  support  was  provided  by  Regional  Agency  for  the 
Development  of  Research  Technology  and  Innovation.  Silvia  Almeida 
reports financial support was provided by Foundation for Science and 
Technology. Sonia KM Gueroun reports financial support was provided

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It discusses the use of Dive Reporter, a mobile application designed to collect biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers. However, it does not mention any specific repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF where the collected data might be stored. Therefore, I cannot determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available based on the given context.