Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

outliers and removed from the dataset for subsequent analyses.

Alibhai  et  al.,  2023)  further  simplifies  the  approach,  increasing  effi-
ciency in the FIT process by requiring fewer landmark points, and also 
making it easier to employ on tracks of varying quality that may lack 
edge definition.

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

Investigation,  Methodology,  Software,  Validation,  Visualization, 
Writing –  original draft, Writing –  review &  editing. Remi Murdoch: 
Data curation, Writing – review & editing, Methodology. Zoe C. Jewell: 
Conceptualization,  Funding  acquisition,  Investigation,  Methodology, 
Writing – review & editing. Sky K. Alibhai: Conceptualization, Formal 
analysis, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Methodology, Validation, 
Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgements

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any specific details about the application of data augmentation techniques in a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer based solely on the provided text. However, some common data augmentation techniques used in deep learning include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shearing. These techniques help improve model performance and prevent overfitting by artificially expanding the training dataset with modified versions of existing images.