Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These may be inferred by combining more mechanistic models with the 
empirical laboratory experiments (e.g. Guarini et al., 2021). Given the 
availability of sensors and the fast development of technology, having 
big-data on valve gaping from a few sentinel organisms together with 
temperature  and  chlorophyll,  becomes  more  and  more  feasible  these 
days. Having such big-data should improve predictions on productivity, 
and be a major aid for aquaculture decision making, for multiple areas 
and species, especially in the context of ‘precision shellfish farming’. 

Funding

Ciavatta, S., Pastres, R., Badetti, C., Ferrari, G., Beck, M.B., 2008. Estimation of 

phytoplanktonic production and system respiration from data collected by a real- 
time monitoring network in the lagoon of Venice. Ecol. Model. 212, 28–36. https:// 
doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2007.10.025. 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016597C. Bertolini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Clements, J.C., Comeau, L.A., Carver, C.E., Mayrand, ´E., Plante, S., Mallet, A.L., 2018. 
Short-term exposure to elevated pCO2 does not affect the valve gaping response of 
adult eastern oysters, Crassostrea virginica, to acute heat shock under an ad libitum 
feeding regime. J. Exp. Mar. Biol. Ecol. 506, 9–17. https://doi.org/10.1016/J. 
JEMBE.2018.05.005.

(Jørgensen et al., 1988), changes to gaping can have long term conse-
quences on organisms energetics. Obtaining values of energetic expen-
diture  associated  with  valve  movements  would  be  highly  valuable  to 
gain a deeper understanding and to be able to model the consequences of 
gaping changes, not only in terms of its modulation of energy input, but 
also to account for associated energetic loss. Bioenergetic models can be 
used to inform both aquaculture practices and management measures: e. 
g. allocation of space for aquaculture (Bertolini et al., 2021b; Brigolin 
et  al.,  2017);  quantification  of  ecosystem  functioning  and  services 
associated both with aquaculture (Bertolini et al., 2021a; Brigolin et al., 
2009) and with naturally occurring populations. It would thus be useful 
to  apply  this  clustering  methodology,  which  yielded  some  consistent 
results amongst two species and two areas, to analyse gaping data from

All  data  analysis  was  conducted  in  R  4.0.5  (R  Development  Core 
Team, 2021). Gaping data, expressed in proportion of aperture where 
0 is fully closed and 1 is fully opened, and recorded at 1 Hz (see Bertolini 
et al., 2021c), were averaged (mean) over 5 min in the Venice Lagoon 
and over 1 min in the Wadden Sea. This difference in averaging time was 
due to different lengths of deployment periods. Using 1 min averages 
would  make  the  Venice  files  too  large  to  easily  process,  while  in  the 
Wadden Sea this higher frequency was technical feasible. Daily curves of 
gaping for each sensor were then used as input in the analysis yielding 
1286 daily curves for the Venice Lagoon and 203 daily curves for the 
Wadden Sea.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain information about the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based solely on the given text.