Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Bishop, C.M., 2006. Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning by Christopher M. 

Bishop. Springer Science+ Business Media, LLC. 

Bowers, D.G., 2003. A simple turbulent energy-based model of fine suspended sediments 

in the Irish Sea. Cont. Shelf Res. 23 (16), 1495–1505. 

Bright, C.E., Mager, S.M., Horton, S.L., 2018. Predicting suspended sediment 

concentration from nephelometric turbidity in organic-rich waters. River Res. Appl. 
34 (7), 640–648. 

Brockmann, C., Doerffer, R., Peters, M., Kerstin, S., Embacher, S., Ruescas, A., 2016. 

Evolution of the C2RCC neural network for sentinel 2 and 3 for the retrieval of ocean 
colour products in normal and extreme optically complex waters, p. 54. 

Burges, C.J., 1998. A tutorial on support vector machines for pattern recognition. Data 

Min. Knowl. Disc. 2 (2), 121–167. 

Cao, N., Zhang, F., Liu, C., Chan, N.W., Tan, M.L., Shi, J., Lin, X., 2023. Spatio-temporal

Hanintyo, R., Susilo, E., Pradisty, N.A., Surana, I.N., 2021. Chlorophyll-a And Total 

Suspended Matter Retrieval and Comparison of C2RCC Neural Network Algorithms 
on Landsat 8 Data over Wangi-Wangi Island, Indonesia. SPIE, pp. 150–158. 

Hardesty, L., 2017. Explained: neural networks. MIT News 14. 
Hastie, T., Tibshirani, R., Friedman, J.H., Friedman, J.H., 2009. The Elements of 

Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction. Springer. 

He, X., Bai, Y., Pan, D., Huang, N., Dong, X., Chen, J., Chen, C.-T.A., Cui, Q., 2013. Using 
geostationary satellite ocean color data to map the diurnal dynamics of suspended 
particulate matter in coastal waters. Remote Sens. Environ. 133, 225–239. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10256515A. Noori et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Lake total suspended matter retrieval by wind speed: A machine learning 
model trained by time-series satellite imagery 

Ashkan Noori a, Seyed Hossein Mohajeri a, *, Mojtaba Mehraein a, Ahmad Sharafati b 
a Department of Civil Engineering, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Kharazmi University, Tehran, Iran 
b Department of Civil Engineering, Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University, Tehran, Iran   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Chah-Nimeh reservoirs 
Lake water quality 
Neural network 
Satellite images 
Total suspended matter 
Wind speed

This study aims to develop an affordable and continuous method for monitoring water quality in arid, remote 
areas with high erosion rates. It presents a hypothesis that establishes a link between the concentration of Total 
Suspended Matter (TSM) and wind speed, emphasizing its ecological importance in lakes with dry conditions and 
high  erosion  rates.  Building  upon  this  hypothesis,  the  study  introduces  Wind2TSM-Net,  a  machine  learning 
model that effectively bridges between different regression and neural network algorithms. This model connects 
on-site  wind  speed  measurements  with  TSM  data  obtained  through  a  physically  remote  sensing  approach.  It 
accurately predicts TSM concentration values, overcoming challenges such as cloud interference and reducing 
reliance on satellite imagery. The model was applied to Iran’s Chah-Nimeh Reservoirs (CNRs) as a case study in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability or location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context is not explicitly stated. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the code repository is located based solely on the provided context.