Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Intrusion Detection Dataset. J. Comput. 2017, 143–155. [CrossRef]

41. Vincent, P.; Larochelle, H.; Lajoie, I.; Bengio, Y.; Manzagol, P.A. Stacked Denoising Autoencoders: Learning Useful Representations

in a Deep Network with a Local Denoising Criterion. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2010, 11, 3371–3408.

42. Taaffe, K.; Pearce, B.; Ritchie, G. Using kernel density estimation to model surgical procedure duration. Int. Trans. Oper. Res. 2018,

28, 401–418. [CrossRef]

43. Liu, F.T.; Ting, K.M.; Zhou, Z.H. Isolation-Based Anomaly Detection. ACM Trans. Knowl. Discov. Data 2012, 6, 1–39. [CrossRef]
44. Gou, J.; Liu, G.; Zuo, Y.; Wu, J. An Anomaly Detection Framework Based on Autoencoder and Nearest Neighbor. In Proceedings
of the 2018 15th International Conference on Service Systems and Service Management (ICSSSM), Hangzhou, China, 21–22 July
2018; IEEE: Piscataway, NJ, USA, 2018; pp. 1–6. [CrossRef]

Another considerable experimental result is that Elastic Net can improve the perfor-
mance of the proposed model. A good deep learning model usually requires abundant
data to train and analyze, while the limitations of obtaining DNA barcode sequences of ﬁsh
species from different families and the problem of overﬁtting in small datasets are more
and more serious. To solve the overﬁtting problem in training process on small datasets
is of great importance. In our study, Elastic Net is used to solve overﬁtting problem and
improve the generalization ability of the ESK model. Moreover, genetic characteristics
of species belong to high-dimensional data, which are time consuming during training.
However, directly combining a set of fully connected EN-SAE is often has little effect for
extracting useful information. Elastic Net provides sparse connection, which can also save
training time. Therefore, Elastic Net can improve the performance of proposed model.

Deep learning, a method for learning and extracting useful representations from
raw data, training model, and then using the model to make predictions, has made great
progress in recent years [36]. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a novel method using
DNA barcode sequences through deep learning model to classify ﬁsh from different families
and determine which ﬁsh are regarded as outgroups, called ESK model. First, the method
aligns DNA sequences to obtain the sequences with the same length, then, converts them
into numerical data by using one-hot encoding. Second, the model uses Elastic Net-Stacked
Autoencoder (EN-SAE) to learn data features and obtains an outgroup score of each object.
Finally, Kernel Density Estimation (KDE) is used to generate a threshold and predict which
ﬁsh are outgroups base on the threshold. To verify the effectiveness of ESK model, three
families with a large number of species and obvious interspeciﬁc variation are selected as

the ﬁsh is an ingroup;

If s < sα

end for

else

3. Results
3.1. Impact of the Number of Stacked AEs on the Outgroup Score

For deep learning, the number of layers in the model is a critical factor because it
directly affects the performance of the model. The trend of outgroup scores for AEs stacked
from 3 to 8 on three datasets is shown in Figure 4. The experimental results shown in
Figure 4a demonstrate that the outgroup score on Sciaenidae decreases rapidly when the
number of AEs is less than ﬁve. The score gradually stabilizes when the number of AEs is
greater than ﬁve. The outgroup scores on other datasets show the same trend as Sciaenidae.
When the number of AEs is stacked to ﬁve, the change in the outgroup score tends to
be stable.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit details about specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in machine learning and deep learning, some potential methods include stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection.

Stratified splitting involves dividing the dataset into subsets or strata, ensuring that each subset maintains the original distribution of classes or labels. This technique helps prevent imbalanced data issues during training and evaluation processes.

Oversampling and undersampling are two popular techniques used to handle class imbalance problems. Oversampling increases the size of the minority class by duplicating its instances, while undersampling reduces the majority class by randomly removing samples. Both approaches aim to achieve balanced class distributions within the dataset.

Lastly, diverse data collection focuses on gathering a wide range of examples representing various scenarios, conditions, and populations. By incorporating diverse data sources, models can better capture underlying patterns and reduce biased outcomes due to limited representation in the training data.