Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

within the image. While there remains the potential for bias in the 

three main steps.

expert count, we take this count to be the gold standard. Hence, our 

Firstly, we generated a training dataset by selecting 500 of the 

results are a comparison between the two novel methods employed 

survey images at random to be used exclusively for training. Images 

and a count by a single experienced expert, which could in principle 

were tiled into 864 × 864 subimages and then passed though a ver-

deviate from the unknown true count.

sion of the YOLO DCNN using pretrained weights from the COCO 

dataset provided by (Redmon & Farhadi, 2018). This process created 

a	list	 of	the	locations	of	potential	objects	in	each	image.	As	a	first	

3 |  R E S U LT S

pass, these results were filtered by discarding any object detections 

that did not correspond to an identification from the Zooniverse data. 

We  compared  the  accuracy  of  the  methods  by  calculating  the

science counts of the survey and comparison to expert counts.

tee  that  the  approach  is  transferable  and  how  to  appropriately 

4 |  D I S CU S S I O N

filter the data may be affected by the wording of the guidelines, 

the image resolution and sizes used, or the set of volunteers that 

participate  in  the  project.  Other  more  sophisticated  approaches 

to processing citizen science data have been proposed (Swanson 

From our results, we see that both citizen science and deep learn-

et al., 2016); however, given the range of counts provided by the 

ing methods are capable of producing highly accurate image counts. 

volunteers  and  the  large  errors  we  observe  in  the  baseline  met-

Counting the wildebeest within the survey images is a difficult and 

rics  (c.  11%  and c.  9%  undercount  for  the  mean  and  median,  re-

time- consuming task. When collecting the census images, there are

3.  Through  the  use  of  the  online  platform  Zooniverse,  we  collected  multiple  non-

expert counts by citizen scientists and used three different aggregation methods 

to  obtain  a  single  count  for  the  survey  images.  We  also  counted  the  images  by 

developing a bespoke deep learning method via the use of a convolutional neural 

network. The results of both approaches were then compared.

4.	 After	filtering	of	the	citizen	science	counts,	both	approaches	provided	highly	ac-

curate total estimates. The deep learning method was far faster and appears to be 

a more reliable and predictable approach; however, we note that citizen science 

volunteers played an important role when creating training data for the algorithm. 

Notably, our results show that accurate, species-specific, automated counting of 

aerial wildlife images is now possible.

K E Y W O R D S

citizen science, conservation, deep learning, monitoring, population ecology, surveys

Our  results  show  that  deep  learning  algorithms  are  now  at  a 

state where they can legitimately replace manual counters and re-

move  a  large  burden  from  conservation  organisations.  The  further 

great advantage of automated image processing is that it will allow 

us to leverage emerging image collection technologies, such as un-

manned  aerial  vehicles,  satellite  platforms  or  fixed  camera  traps; 

coupling  these  advances  in  image  collection  tools  with  automated 

processing  will  greatly  increase  the  accuracy  of  population  esti-

mates.	As	we	move	towards	fully	automated	wildlife	counts,	it	only	

remains  to  ensure  the  availability  of  sufficient  training  data  that  is 

representative of all potential survey images. This can be achieved 

by combining state- of- the- art deep learning methods with validated 

crowd- sourced training data.

An	automated	wildebeest	image	count	will	not	only	be	a	signifi-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, including managing random seed values. However, based on common practices in machine learning, one strategy to manage randomness is through setting specific seed values for various stages of the model development process. This includes initializing weights, shuffling datasets, and splitting data into training and validation sets. By fixing the seed value, researchers can reproduce their results and ensure consistency across experiments. Another strategy involves employing techniques like cross-validation or bootstrapping to estimate the variability introduced by randomness in the model performance. These methods help assess the robustness and generalizability of the models.