Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Compared with ViT, CNN has stronger local information extraction 

ability.  In  particular,  the  residual  structure  of  ResNet  connects  the 
different network layers via shortcut, which not only preserves the input 
features  but  also  addresses  the  degradation  problem  of  the  deep 
network, thus mitigating issues such as vanishing or exploding gradi-
ents. The residual structure can help the network to learn the features in 
the input image better, thereby improving the classification effect of the 
network. 

Different classes of objects of the same species have high similarities. 
To better classify objects, CA-Hybrid network is constructed for Cervidae 
classification, based on ResNet and ViT, with the integration of CAM into 
the residual structure of ResNet. The structure of the CA-Hybrid network 
is shown in Fig. 4.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026519

tion and Transformer, effectively extracts richer semantic features (Xie 
et al., 2024). A network based on CNN and ViT modules classified mi-
croorganisms with an accuracy of 67.62% (Dwivedi et al., 2024).

2.2.1. YOLOv7 localization network 

YOLO is characterized by high detection accuracy, robust interpre-
tation  of  test  results,  and  fast  processing  speed. In  YOLOv7,  the  Path 
Aggregation Network(PAN) combines the stronger semantic feature in-
formation  from  deeper  layers  with  the  stronger  location  information 
from  shallower  layers,  resulting  in  improved  detection  accuracy. 
Therefore, the YOLOv7 network is chosen for object localization in the 
pipeline.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about a specific data repository link for the mentioned deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to this query. However, it would be best to check the original source of this text or contact the authors directly for more detailed information regarding the data repository link.