Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Kun Tan: Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis, Inves-
tigation,  Methodology,  Project  administration,  Resources,  Software, 
Supervision, Validation, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Minxuan  Sun:  Formal  analysis,  Methodology, 
Software.  Danfeng  Sun:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal 
analysis, Methodology, Resources, Supervision. Xiaohuang Liu: Formal 
analysis.  Bin  Wang:  Formal  analysis,  Investigation.  Wenjun  Dou: 
Formal  analysis,  Investigation.  Haiyan  Zhang:  Formal  analysis.  Fei 
Lun:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis,  Funding 
acquisition, Project administration, Writing –  original draft, Writing – 
review & editing. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 

the work reported in this paper.

Saha, T.K., Pal, S., Sarkar, R., 2021. Prediction of wetland area and depth using linear 
regression model and artificial neural network based cellular automata. Ecol. Inform. 
62, 101272. 

Saylam, K., Brown, R.A., Hupp, J.R., 2017. Assessment of depth and turbidity with 

airborne Lidar bathymetry and multiband satellite imagery in shallow water bodies 
of the alaskan north slope. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 58, 191–200. 

Stumpf, R.P., Holderied, K., Sinclair, M., 2003. Determination of water depth with high- 

resolution satellite imagery over variable bottom types. Limnol. Oceanogr. 48 (1, 
part 2), 547–556. 

Sun, M.X., Yu, L.J., Zhang, P., Sun, Q.Q., Jiao, X., Sun, D.F., Lun, F., 2021. Coastal water 
bathymetry for critical zone management using regression tree models from Gaofen- 
6 imagery. Ocean Coast. Manag. 204, 105522.

2.2. Data sources and pre-processing 

We acquired GF-6 (WFV) data from the China Centre for Resources 
Satellite Data and Application (http://www.cresda.com/CN/) (Table 1). 
The  GF-6  remote  sensing  data  were  preprocessed,  mainly  including 
radiometric  calibration,  atmospheric  correction,  geometric  correction 
and image cropping.

by selecting features and thresholds that minimize the variance of the 
target  variable  within  each  subset.  This  iterative  process  employs  a 
greedy  algorithm,  gradually  building  the  tree  until  specific  stopping 
conditions  are  met.  The  key  components  of  CART  involve  feature  se-
lection, tree generation, and pruning. For our implementation, we uti-
lized the Python programming language to build the CART model. The 
CART algorithm was imported from the ‘sklearn’ library in Python. To 
optimize the regression decision tree for efficiency and suitability, we 
fine-tuned  specific  model  parameters  such  as  ‘max_depth’,  ‘min_sam-
ples_leaf’, and ‘max_leaf_nodes’. Ultimately, we set these parameters to 
8,  5,  and  20,  respectively.  These  parameter  values  were  selected  to 
prevent overfitting and minimize cross-validation error in our model. 

3.4. Random Forest regression (RFR) method

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this study. It appears that the focus of this research is on coastal water bathymetry for critical zone management using regression tree models from Gaofen-6 imagery rather than a deep learning approach. Therefore, it can be assumed that a deep learning pipeline may not have been utilized in this particular study.