Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Mapping global orchid assemblages with deep learning provides novel 
conservation insights 

Joaquim Estopinan a, b, c,*, Maximilien Servajean b,d, 1, Pierre Bonnet c, 1, Alexis Joly a, b, 1, 
François Munoz e,1 
a INRIA, Montpellier, France 
b LIRMM, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
c UMR AMAP, CIRAD, Montpellier, France 
d AMIS, Univ. Paul Val´ery Montpellier, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
e LIPHY, Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, Grenoble, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Spatial indicator 
Species assemblage 
Deep learning 
Species distribution modelling 
IUCN status 
Orchids

Deep learning (DL) offers an unprecedented opportunity to charac-
terize complex, scale-dependent relationships between species and their 
environment (Deneu et al., 2021). In addition, the ever-increasing vol-
ume of data stemming from citizen science observations on one hand, 
and  from remote  sensing  characterization  of environmental heteroge-
neity on the other hand, requires adapted DL workflows (Borowiec et al., 
2022). DL models can learn from complex effects and interactions be-
tween  environmental  predictors  (Puglielli  and  P¨artel,  2023),  and  Cai 
et al. (2022) have shown that DL can help to isolate relationships be-
tween biodiversity and ecological drivers.

5% 
46,290 
4037 

Test 

5% 
50,794 
4166  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026273J. Estopinan et al.

Although  increasing  threats  on  biodiversity  are  now  widely  recognised,  there  are  no  accurate  global  maps 
showing whether and where species assemblages are at risk. We hereby assess and map at kilometre resolution 
the  conservation  status  of  the  iconic  orchid  family,  and  discuss  the  insights  conveyed  at  multiple  scales.  We 
introduce a new Deep Species Distribution Model trained on 1 M occurrences of 14 K orchid species to predict 
their assemblages at global scale and at kilometre resolution. We propose two main indicators of the conservation 
status  of  the assemblages:  (i) the  proportion  of  threatened  species,  and (ii)  the  status  of  the  most  threatened 
species in the assemblage. We show and analyze the variation of these indicators at World scale and in relation to 
currently protected areas in Sumatra island. Global and interactive maps available online show the indicators of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not appear that a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study has been provided. Therefore, I am unable to provide the requested link. It would be best to contact the authors directly or check any supplementary materials associated with the paper for more details regarding the code repository.