Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests,
and support vector machines, and demonstrated their applications in
the supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data.
Brewster et al. (2018) applied six other supervised classiﬁers to classify
the behaviors of lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) at Bimini, Ba-
hamas using ACC data. This study will brieﬂy describe two popular
machine learning algorithms random forests and support vector ma-
chines for the introductory purpose.

multiple machine learning algorithms and their ensembles may be
needed in a study for a speciﬁc behavioral category, for which random
forests may have undesired performance.

to reduce the variance of the model without increasing its bias
(Breiman, 2001). Furthermore, support vector machines use determi-
nistic approaches to choosing points or support vectors to deﬁne the
boundary between classes. Although the deterministic approach may
reduce the computational cost and time, support vector machines are a
binary, one-vs-all-other classiﬁer. Support vector machines need to be
applied n times to a data set if there are n behavioral categories. The
high overall performance of random forests or ensemble machine
learning will allow us to understand the behavior of cryptic animals
using ACC data (Brewster et al., 2018; Ladds et al., 2017). Although
random forests are a leading machine learning algorithm with im-
pressive overall performance in behavioral classiﬁcation, random forest
and its derivatives may not perform consistently among all behavioral
categories (Brewster et al., 2018; Nathan et al., 2012). Therefore,

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Machine learning for inferring animal behavior from location and
movement data

T

Guiming Wang

Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mail stop 9690, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Behavioral classiﬁcation
Computational ecology
Hidden Markov model
Movement ecology
State space model
Supervised learning algorithm
Unsupervised learning algorithm

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, etc. However, it discusses various machine learning algorithms like neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests, and support vector machines, and their application in supervised learning of animal behavior based on accelerometer (ACC) data. It also mentions that multiple machine learning algorithms and their ensembles might be needed for a specific behavioral category due to the potential inconsistent performance of certain algorithms across different behavioral categories.