Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ways  in  which  to  minimize  biased  training  of  machine  learning 
models  with  clustered  data  is  an  outstanding  challenge  (e.g.,  Meyer 
et al., 2018, 2019). We hypothesize that the improvements to predictive 
performance observed here using covariance-weighted bagging may be 
a  result  of  reduced  bias  during  model  training  from  down-weighting 
over-sampled  information,  but  this  was  not  tested  explicitly.  A  suit-
able experiment to explore this topic could simulate a surface from a pre- 
defined combination of response functions to environmental variables, 
and  test  for  the  capacity  to  recover  the  responses  using  covariance 
weighted bagging under various clustering scenarios. Simultaneously, it 
would be informative to observe the automatic variable selection and 
regularization behaviour of the bagging model. 

5. Conclusions

training  (i.e.,  bagging),  then  to  obtain  unbiased  estimates  of  model 
performance  without  omitting  portions  of  the  feature  space  during 
validation. An important note is that the latter procedure also enables 
leveraging of spatial autocorrelation information for model prediction. 
Bagging normally proceeds by drawing many bootstrap samples of 
the data and training models on each, which are aggregated to form an 
ensemble predictor (Breiman, 1996). Individual data points each have 
probability P(si) = 1
n  of being selected during a single draw of a single 
bootstrap sample, where si  is one of n data points distributed over the 
study  area.  Non-independent  data  observations  can  be  considered  as 
partial replication of some information in the modelling dataset. In an 
extreme example, consider two data points at the same location with 
exactly the same environmental measurements. We could conceptualize

To assess the capacity for unbiased validation using the covariance- 
weighted  bagging  approach,  results  were  benchmarked  against  five 
other methods. 

2.5.1. Out-of-bag validation 

The accuracy of the model was evaluated at the simulated locations 
using  an  out-of-bag  validation.  Out-of-bag  predictions  for  each  simu-
lated data point are obtained during the bagging process by predicting 
the values at the data points that were not selected for each bootstrap 
sample,  and averaging the  results of  these predicted values across  all 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1021817B. Misiuk and C.J. Brown

Fig. 6. Change in true performance at predicting each response variable after applying bagging weights based on KDE (black) and spatial covariance (grey) ap-
proaches for all simulation runs. Dots indicate the mean. Note that RMSE values have been scaled from 0 to 1 for plotting. 

2.5. Covariance-weighted validation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training is out-of-bag validation. This method evaluates the accuracy of the model at simulated locations using an out-of-bag validation. Out-of-bag predictions for each simulated data point are obtained during the bagging process by predicting the values at the data points that were not selected for each bootstrap sample. The results of these predicted values are then averaged across all bootstrap samples. Additionally, the change in true performance at predicting each response variable after applying bagging weights based on KDE and spatial covariance approaches is monitored for all simulation runs.