Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The second approach we used to extract embeddings was from the 
pre-trained  BirdNET  model.  The  original  version  of  the  model  was

contribute  to  larger  data  input  for  future  training  of  deep  learning 
models (Best  et  al., 2023).  Accordingly, the  rapid growth of  artificial 
intelligence  and  deep  learning  methods  could  bring  about  important 
innovations related to feature extraction and classification with the aim 
of overcoming the current challenges halting the use of PAM for indi-
vidual acoustic discrimination and succeeding in a sustained and non- 
invasive monitoring of animal populations.

We expected higher performance of the embeddings, but a possible 
limitation to our study may be the use of pre-trained CNNs. This may 
have limited the potential performance of using embedding from neural 
networks.  Interestingly,  higher  classification  accuracy was  seen  when 
using  BirdNET,  a  CNN  trained  on  audio  data  of  bird  vocalizations  in 
comparison  with  VGGish  and  Wav2Vec  2.0,  two  models  trained 
respectively on a vast Youtube audio dataset and a human speech audio 
dataset. This suggests that training a model with data input of gibbon 
vocalizations might result in an even better performance of neural net-
works for individual gibbon discrimination. However, such data training 
requires a large dataset and is very computationally costly, hence why 
we chose to test pre-trained CNNs.

Recent  advances  in  deep  learning  technology  have  revolutionized 
the  field  of  bioacoustics  (Stowell,  2022).  Many  applications  of  deep 
learning  have  targeted  the  automated  detection  and  classification  of 
acoustic signals, with applications for birds (Stowell et al., 2018), bats 
(Aodha Mac, 2018), whales (Bermant et al., 2019), and primates (gib-
bons and indris) (Dufourq et al., 2021; Ravaglia et al., 2023). In addition 
to automated detection approaches, deep learning approaches can also 
be used as a feature extraction method; in this case, the term for features 
extracted from deep learning algorithms is “embeddings”. Deep learning 
embeddings has been used to differentiate adult and juvenile great grey 
owls Strix  nebulosa through analysis of 263 juvenile and  27 adult vo-
calizations  using  embeddings  from  the  BirdNET  model  trained  on 
~1000  species  of  birds  (McGinn  et  al.,  2023.  Embeddings  have  been

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It does not specify if it is accessible via platforms like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding its availability.