Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.4. Optimising aspects of the particle filter

of compute time to the tasks within the bootstrap filter. This showed that 
the  vast  majority  of  compute  time  was  spent  projecting  particles  for-
wards to the following time step (Table 2). The proportions of time spent 
on each task are likely to change with the state-dimensionality of the 
application  at  hand  and  the  amount  of  interaction  between  particles 
(Whiteley  et  al.,  2016).  Large  state-dimensionalities  or  particle  inter-
action  can  lead  to  a  higher  proportion  of  compute  time  spent  on  the 
resampling  step  in  particular.  In  these  cases,  there  exist  alternative 
resampling  methods  to  reduce  the  impact  of  particle  interactions  on 
computational  cost  (e.g.  Lee  and  Whiteley,  2016).  Note  that  imple-
mentations  of  the  algorithm  in  different  programming  languages, 
especially compiled ones such as C or Fortran, will vary slightly in the 
proportion of compute time spent in each task.

computer's RAM. More detailed examples of this approach are given in 
Appendix B. 

3.5. Tuning

threads in their warp to reach the same line before moving on. These idle threads are wasted, since they perform no useful work, but must still be 
scheduled and run in order to obtain useful work from other threads in their warp. Because of this, choosing grid and block sizes that produce as few 
wasted threads as possible can have a significant effect on performance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not directly address how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized using techniques like grid search or random search. However, it discusses some optimization strategies related to the implementation of the particle filter algorithm.

In section 5.4, the text mentions that most of the computation time is spent on projecting particles forward to the next time step. It also suggests that the distribution of computational resources may differ based on factors like state dimensionality and particle interaction. For applications with high state dimensionality or substantial particle interaction, alternative resampling methods could help mitigate the computational costs associated with particle interactions. Additionally, implementing the algorithm in different programming languages might yield slight variations in resource allocation among tasks.

Section 3.5 touches upon tuning thread and block sizes when working with GPU architectures like NVIDIA's CUDA. By minimizing the number of idle threads, one can improve overall performance. While this information doesn't explicitly cover hyperparameter optimization techniques, it highlights the importance of fine-tuning certain parameters to achieve optimal results.

Based on the available context, we cannot definitively determine which specific method—grid search, random search, or another technique—is used to optimize the hyperparameters of the model. Further context would be required to provide a more precise response.