Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025802R.K. James et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 1. Workflow used to (a) select a deep learning model, (b) develop a ground-truth imagery dataset, (c) train the deep learning models, (d & e) evaluate model 
performance and (f & g) obtain the data and analyse it to quantify the spatial patterns and resilience of the ecosystem. 

2.3. Deep learning models 

2.3.1. Semantic segmentation for vegetation mapping

Access  to  required  computing  resources  is  another  challenge. 
Training  deep  neural  networks  for  semantic  segmentation  and  object 
detection traditionally requires expensive computational resources with 
multiple high-end GPUs (e.g., available on high-performance computing 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10258010R.K. James et al.

Data availability 

The deep learning and post-processing scripts along with the 2012 
aerial  imagery  and  data  output  used  in  this  study  can  be  found  at 
https://git.wur. 
nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring. 

Acknowledgments

By providing the tools to conduct these analyses, we aim to stimulate the uptake of deep learning for enhancing 
the data obtained from aerial imagery to improve the monitoring and conservation of natural ecosystems.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, or others. Therefore, I cannot determine which optimization technique was used in their deep learning pipeline.