Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102484. 

This study has certain limitations. Since the amount of data publicly 
provided  by  the HWSD  was small, and  the fact  that the  geographical 
detector required a large size of geographic samples (Feng et al., 2021). 
In future research on soil degradation, data from the Basic Soil Property 
Dataset  of  High-resolution  China  Soil  Information  Grids  (Feng  and 
Ganlin, 2021) and HWSD should be processed jointly to improve tem-
poral and spatial accuracy. Moreover, vegetation degradation (Wu et al., 
2022) and soil degradation research should be combined to establish a 
long-term land resource evaluation system for different land-use types in 
HN. 

5. Conclusions

and  management  methods  by  selecting  a  set  of  indicators  with  wide-
spread applicability (Ahmad et al., 2017; Wu et al., 2010).

Where  q  is  the  factor's  influencing  power  (q∈[0,1]),  N  and  Nh 
represent the numbers of sample units in the whole area and sub-area, 
respectively, and h = 1, 2…. L, σ2, and σh  are the sum number of sec-
ondary regions, the sum variance over the region, and the sum of the 
sample's  variance  in  sub-region  h,  respectively.  SSW  and  SST  repre-
sented  the  sum  of  squares  of  different  levels  in  the  study  region, 
respectively. 

3. Results 

3.1. Spatiotemporal variations in soil degradation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based on the available information.