Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Random  Forest  is  a  common  machine  learning  approach  used  in 
remote sensing for classification. This approach requires a single pixel’s 
spectrum to be associated with a single metadata record, compared to 
MTMI-SMF which can take many pixels’ spectra and associate it with a 
single metadata record. Since training locations often did not fall near 
the center of a pixel (see example in Fig. 3 where the training location 
falls at the intersection of four NAIP pixels), a random pixel from the 
pixels  in  closest  proximity  of  the  training  location  was  selected  for 
analysis. This single pixel dataset was split into training and testing data 
using 5 K-fold cross-validations. MATLAB’s (MathWorks, Inc., Natick, 
Massachusetts) TreeBagger function was used to complete the classifi-
cation using 100 trees. Looping through the k-folds, the random forest 
algorithm was calculated using 80% of the data and classification results

Invasive species remain a challenging and costly problem (Crystal- 
Ornelas  et al., 2021; Hiatt et al., 2019), and  long-term monitoring  of 
invasions  can  provide  valuable  ecological  information  to  guide  man-
agement decisions (Blossey, 1999). Remote sensing may be the ideal tool 
to  fill  this  need  by  providing  accurate  and  affordable  repeat  imagery 
(Bradley, 2014). However, training datasets can be riddled with vari-
ability  or  errors  that  complicate  training  of  machine-learning  ap-
proaches. Here, we showed that a multiple-instance learning algorithm, 
which allows for variability or imprecision in the training dataset, can 
detect a highly problematic invasive plant species using multispectral 
airborne and satellite imagery. Using Brazilian peppertree in the Ever-
glades  National  Park,  we  showcased  that  an  invader  can  be  detected 
with >70% accuracy using NAIP, RapidEye, and Landsat 8 imagery. This

Zhang, Q., Goldman, S.A., Yu, W., Fritts, J.E., 2002. Content-based image retrieval using 
multiple-instance learning. In: Proc. 19th International Conf. on Machine Learning. 
Morgan Kaufmann, pp. 682–689. 

Zhou, Z.-H., Sun, Y.-Y., Li, Y.-F., 2009. Multi-instance learning by treating instances as 
non-I.I.D. samples. In: Proceedings of the 26th Annual International Conference on 
Machine Learning, ICML ‘09. Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, 
USA, pp. 1249–1256. https://doi.org/10.1145/1553374.1553534. 

Zou, S., Gader, P., Zare, A., 2019. Hyperspectral tree crown classification using the 
multiple instance adaptive cosine estimator. PeerJ 7, e6405. https://doi.org/ 
10.7717/peerj.6405. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10243214

ping Project training locations. The buffer radius varied between remote 
sensing image sources to accommodate differences in pixel resolutions. 
The  buffer  radius  was  set  to  the  image’s  spatial  resolution,  so  NAIP 
imagery used a 1-m buffer, RapidEye used a 5-m buffer, and Landsat 
used a 30-m buffer. Using the buffer polygons, pixels’ spectral data were 
extracted from the imagery. These pixels within a single buffer polygon 
were grouped into a bag. The bag was labeled positive if the data point 
had Brazilian peppertree at any abundance level.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of the specific data repository where the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding its availability on platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. It would be best to refer back to the original source material or contact the authors directly for more detailed information about the data repository.