Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone 

Fine-tuning of the pretrained CNN backbone was performed using 
classical meta-metric learning architectures adapted from the EasyFSL

Compared to no fine-tuning of a pretrained DenseNet, fine-tuning a 
pretrained DenseNet on the Darksound dataset greatly improved clus-
tering quality, achieving average scores of 80% for both ARI and AMI 
compared  to  less  than  1%  for  no  fine-tuning.  This  illustrates  the 
importance of fine-tuning the CNN backbone of the model for improving 

clustering quality. Fine-tuning of the model on 5 way-1 shot tasks with 
Prototypical Networks (PN) also enabled it to find a number of clusters 
closer to the ground truth, with 25 out of 30 clusters found instead of 7 
without fine-tuning (i.e. baseline) (Fig. 7).

As  a  result,  fine-tuning  a  pretrained  DenseNet  on  the  Darksound 
dataset returned the highest DBCV scores in all cases, except RN com-
bined  with  AlexNet  fine-tuned  on  5  way-5  shot  tasks  (Table  4.3).  In 
addition, highest ARI and AMI scores were obtained in all cases using a 
pretrained  DenseNet,  except  with  MN  combined  with  ResNet18  fine- 
tuned  on  5  way-1  shot  tasks  (Table  4.2).  This  illustrates  the  impor-
tance of the DBCV score for determining the optimal CNN backbone for 
fine-tuning  the  model  without  knowledge  of  the  ground  truth  labels. 
Note  that  the  backbone  VGG16  never  performed  well  whatever  the 
configuration. 

Training  the  model  for  100  epochs  consumed  more  energy  when 
fine-tuning was performed on 5-way 5-shot tasks than on 5-way 1-shot 
tasks. The pretrained DenseNet consumed the most energy in 5 out of 6 
cases (Fig. 8).

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, common regularization techniques include dropout, which randomly sets a fraction rate of input units to 0 at each update during training time, helping reduce overfitting by providing a way of approximately combining exponentially many different neural network architectures efficiently, and L2 regularization, also known as weight decay, which adds a penalty equal to half the sum of squares of all weights to the loss function being optimized. Other popular regularization methods include early stopping, data augmentation, and batch normalization.