Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

to calibrate Deep Learning models using a single parameter for all  classes35. This parameter is used, instead of 
the traditional softmax function, to convert the vector output from the neural network into a real probability.

training datasets.

•  In the first phase, a classification model is built by training a CNN on a given database T0 (Fig. 2a)
•  Then, the second phase consists of tuning a risk threshold τi specific to each class (i.e. each species in our 

case), noted i, with i ∈ {1, ..., n} , using a second and independent database noted T1 (Fig. 2b).

In terms of classification, it means we transform the 2 classification options (correct, wrong) in 3 options 

(Fig. 3) by applying Eqs. (15, 16).

Computing the confidence thresholds.  After the phase 1 (model training phase), for an image X of the 
threshold tuning dataset processed by the classifier, we obtain an output {C(X), S(X)} , where C(X) is the class 
(i.e. species, belonging to the trained set of species) with the highest classification score S(X). For this image, we 
know the ground truth Y in {1, .., n} belonging to the same set of species classes.

Building  the  convolutional  neural  network.  Convolutional  neural  networks  (CNNs)  belong  to  the 
class  of  DLAs.  For  the  case  of  species  identification,  the  training  phase  is  supervised,  which  means  that  the 
classes  to  identify  are  pre-defined  by  human  experts  while  the  parameters  of  the  classifier  are  automatically 
optimized  in  order  to  accurately  classify  a  “training”   database24.  CNNs  are  composed  of  neurons,  which  are 
organized in layers. Each neuron of a layer computes an operation on the input data and transfers the extracted 
information to the neurons of the next layer. The specificity of CNNs is to build a descriptor for the input image 
data and the classifier at the same time, ensuring they are both optimized for each  other42. The neurons extract-
ing the characteristics from the input data in order to build the descriptors are called convolutional neurons, as

https ://arXiv .org/1712.04621 .

 42.  Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., Courville, A. & Bengio, Y. Deep Learning (MIT Press, Cambridge, 2016).
 43.  Abadi, M. et al. Tensorflow: A system for large-scale machine learning. OSDI 16, 265–283 (2016).
 44.  He, K., Zhang, X., Ren, S., & Sun, J. Deep residual learning for image recognition. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer 

Vision and Pattern Recognition 770–778 (2016).

 45.  Sarle, W. S. Stopped training and other remedies for overfitting. Computing Science and Statistics, 352–360 (1996).
 46.  Hintze, J. L. & Nelson, R. D. Violin plots: A box plot-density trace synergism. Am. Stat. 52(2), 181–184 (1998).
 47.  Catford, J. A., Bode, M. & Tilman, D. Introduced species that overcome life history tradeoffs can cause native extinctions. Nat. 

Commun. 9(1), 2131 (2018).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the optimizer. However, it mentions that a single parameter is used for all classes instead of the traditional softmax function to convert the vector output from the neural network into a real probability. Additionally, it discusses the use of a risk threshold τi specific to each class, which is tuned during the second phase of training using a separate database. It also mentions that the training phase is supervised, indicating that the classes to be identified are pre-defined by human experts. Furthermore, it states that the parameters of the classifier are automatically optimized to accurately classify a "training" database. Based on these details, one could infer that some form of optimization algorithm was likely used, but without more specific information, it is impossible to determine exactly what hyperparameters were employed.