Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Brown et al., 2013). A key diﬀerence between the two approaches is
that unsupervised learning does not use the observations of pre-deﬁned
behaviors to label movement metrics such as step length, turning angle,
and altitude (of ﬂying birds) for classiﬁcation of general behavioral
modes such as foraging or encamping and taxi or straight, long-distance
movement. On the other hand, supervised learning has training data,
which include behavioral observation as the labels of movement me-
trics. In many cases, the labels are the predeﬁned behaviors of interest
and allow researchers to quantify the spatial and temporal distributions
of speciﬁc behaviors during daily, seasonal, or annual cycles. However,
behavioral labels or observations are almost impossible in some species
such as those living in deep water or unavailable in secretive species or
less studied species. Furthermore, supervised learning requires a vali-
dation of classiﬁcations using additional behavioral observations. The

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Machine learning for inferring animal behavior from location and
movement data

T

Guiming Wang

Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mail stop 9690, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Behavioral classiﬁcation
Computational ecology
Hidden Markov model
Movement ecology
State space model
Supervised learning algorithm
Unsupervised learning algorithm

lack or shortage of behavioral observations limits the applications of
supervised learning in behavioral studies. Unsupervised learning is an
appropriate tool for explanatory studies of novel behaviors or beha-
vioral
secretive species or hardly observable species
(Brewster et al., 2018).

5. Summary

Both unsupervised and supervised machine learning algorithms
have been applied to infer behaviors of animals from movement data

Fig. 7. Schematic representation of supervising learning methods.

patterns during the sampling bursts (Brown et al., 2013; Martiskainen
et al., 2009; Nathan et al., 2012).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on the strategy used to monitor the model performance during training. However, it mentions that supervised learning requires validation of classifications using additional behavioral observations. This suggests that one possible approach could be cross-validation, where the dataset is split into a training set and a test set. The model is trained on the training set, and its performance is evaluated on the test set. This process can be repeated multiple times with different splits of the data to get a more robust estimate of the model's performance.