Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are a specialized type of neural networks capable of extracting spatial 
patterns from images. Their architecture is built by staking three main types of layers: (1) convolutional layer, 
which is used to extract features at different levels of the hierarchy, (2) pooling layer, which is essentially a reduc-
tion operation used to increase the abstraction level of the extracted features and (3) fully connected layer, which 
is used as a classifier at the end of the pipeline.

trends. J. Exp. Mar. Biol. Ecol. 368, 1–8 (2009).

 54.  Esteva, A. et al. Dermatologist-level classification of skin cancer with deep neural networks. Nature 542, 115–118 (2017).
 55.  Silver, D. et al. Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search. Nature 529, 484–489 (2016).
 56.  Mnih, V. et al. Human-level control through deep reinforcement learning. Nature 518, 529–533 (2015).
 57.  Dodge, S. & Karam, L. Understanding how image quality affects deep neural networks. In 2016 Eighth International Conference on 

Quality of Multimedia Experience (QoMEX) 1–6, https://doi.org/10.1109/QoMEX.2016.7498955 (2016).

 58.  Kim, J., Lee, J. K. & Lee, K. M. Accurate Image Super-Resolution Using Very Deep Convolutional Networks. in Proc. CVPR IEEE 

1646–1654, https://doi.org/10.1109/CVPR.2016.182 (2016).

 59.  Tabik, S., Peralta, D., Herrera-Poyatos, A. & Herrera, F. A snapshot of image pre-processing for convolutional neural networks: case

CNNs constitute the state-of-the art in all the fundamental tasks in computer vision, e.g., in image classifica-
tion and object detection in images. In image classification, the CNN model has to analyze the input image and 
produce a label that describes its visual content, together with a probability that expresses the confidence of the 
model. In object detection, the CNN detection model has not only to produce the correct label but also determine 
by means of a bounding box the region in the input image where the target object is located. Examples of the most 
accurate and robust models for image classification are Inception41 and Inception ResNet42. The most accurate 
detection frameworks are end-to-end object detection models that combine a sophisticated detection technique 
with one of the most powerful CNN classification models. At present, there exist several detection frameworks

Further research could increase the performance and variety of species identified by our CNN-model. For 
instance, the model could be improved by increasing the number of samples and variety of atmospheric and sea 
conditions in the training datasets, by building hierarchical training datasets with different behaviour across 
different species67, by using more spectral bands and temporal information68, and by artificially increasing the 
spatial resolution of the images through rendering69. In addition, as it is a fast and scalable method, it can even be 
transferred to very high spatial resolution images (<10 cm) captured by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for the 
automatic identification of specific individuals70.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The type of deep learning model used in the pipeline is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). This is evident from the given context, which mentions that CNNs are a specialized type of neural network capable of extracting spatial patterns from images. Furthermore, the text discusses the use of CNNs in various applications such as image classification and object detection, both of which involve processing images. Additionally, the context refers to specific CNN architectures like Inception and Inception ResNet, further confirming the use of CNNs in this pipeline.