Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

One of the major challenges with remote sensing images is dealing 
with  the  data  ingestion  process,  addressing  the  import,  and  pre- 
processing of multi-dimensional and heterogeneous satellite data (Liu, 
2015).  The  increasing  availability  of  satellite  missions  and  high  tem-
poral and spatial resolution satellite imagery, and the growing dimen-
sion of the respective data archives, make traditional data processing 
approaches (e.g., using desktop applications) unfeasible and necessarily 
lead to a change in the design of data processing systems (Tamiminia 
et al., 2020). This implies the use of modern information technologies to 
automatize data ingestion, storage, analysis, and sharing, which exploit, 
for instance, cloud computing-based services. Indeed, by using the ever- 
increasing  availability  of  cloud-based  infrastructures  and  solutions 
offered by major IT industry players, such as Azure hosted by Microsoft,

imageries. This advantage is due to the NASA’s implementation choice 
for the realization of its MODIS and VIIRS data web service (Tuck et al., 
2014). Therefore, based on the example of the NASA MODIS/VIIRS Land 
Products web service model, each space agency should realize a service 
based  on  REST  APIs,  to  integrate  into  the  standard  service  of  down-
loading  raster  images.  This  will  bring  undoubted  benefits  for  the 
implementation of automated processing data systems.

chosen between text/csv (i.e., comma-separated values) or application/ 
json format, following the common MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail 
Extensions) types guidelines (Ned and Borenstein, 1996). A more com-
plete and detailed review of Global Subset methods can be found on the 
Open API documentation page of the web service. On the contrary, the 
Fixed  Sites  APIs  interface,  not  implemented  in  the  current  version  of 
nasawebservice,  provides  data  for  selected  fields  and  flux  towers, 
belonging to a certain research network (e.g., FLUXNET Canada), across 
the world.

MongoDB (Reniers et al., 2019). This solution was implemented inside 
the  DataHarvester  class.  In  the  domain  of  Remote  Sensing,  the  Data-
harvester component is a set of synchronous or asynchronous processes 
which is capable to detect new satellite images from the space agency 
database.  Once  a  new  image  is  found,  the  component  downloads  the 
data  using  the  internal  scripts  (Bellini  et  al.,  2021).  Different  imple-
mentations  of  the  DataHarvester  class  can  target  other  databases, 
ensuring flexibility of use of nasawebservice for different user needs. For 
instance,  a  client  could  use  different  open-source  NoSQL  frameworks 
such as HBase introduced by Google Bigtable, Elasticsearch developed 
by Java on Apache Lucene, or eventually one of the many SQL database 
solutions.  Whichever  storage  solution  chosen  by  the  user,  the  stored 
MODIS data provides support, together with other data types, for agri-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit information about the specific data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the data can be chosen between text/csv (comma-separated values) or application/json format, following the common MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) types guidelines. It also discusses the use of satellite images, but it doesn't explicitly mention their use in a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, based on the given context, we can infer that the possible data formats used in the deep learning pipeline might include csv and json, while satellite images may potentially be used as well.