Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 5. Structure of VAE.  

Stochastic  gradient  descent  (SGD)  on  BP  is  managing  stochastic 
input,  then  not  stochastic  unit  within  the  networks.  The  solution  is 
named as “reparameterization trick”, which is to transfer the sampling 
to input layer. It is easy from N(μ(x), θ(x)) by sampling ∈ ~ N(0, I), af-
terward calculating pmodelz = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) * e. Where μ(x) and θ(x) are 
the mean and covariance of (z| x). So, Eq. (13) is calculated as: 

L(q) = Ee∼N(0,I)pmodel

(cid:0)

x|z = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) × ∈

)

(cid:0) DKL(q(z|x)‖pmodel(z) )

(14) 

In VAE is comprised of input layer, various AEs, and output layer. 
Then, an unsupervised pre-training step, the supervised fine-tuning step 
is implemented for learning the entire network parameters by employ-
ing the BP technique. This technique is comprised of 1 input layer, 5 
hidden layers, and 1 output layer. 

4. Performance validation

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

An automated deep learning based satellite imagery analysis for 
ecology management

VAE initially draw an instance z from the code distribution pmodel(z). The 
sample is executed via a differentiable generator network g(z). Lastly, x 
undergo sampling from a distribution Pmodel(x; g(z)) = pmodel(x| z). At the 
time of training process, the estimated inference network (or encoder) q 
(z| x)  can  be  employed  for  obtaining  z  and  Pmodel  (x| z)  is  afterward 
considered  as  the  decoder  network  (Dai  et  al.,  2019).  The  main 
perception of VAE is that it can be trained using the maximization of the 
variational lower bound L(q) related to the data point x:

satellite image classification. Int. J. Remote Sens. 41 (20), 7779–7800. 
Yuan, Y., Wan, J., Wang, Q., 2016. Congested scene classification via efficient 

unsupervised feature learning and density estimation. Pattern Recogn. 56, 159–169. 
Zhang, L., Xia, G., Wu, T., Lin, L., Tai, X., 2016. Deep learning for remote sensing image 

understanding. J. Sens. 2016, 1–2. 

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014529

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The strategy employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as the random seed value, is called the "reparameterization trick". This method involves transferring the sampling to the input layer instead of having a stochastic unit within the networks. By applying this technique, the model samples from a normal distribution with zero mean and identity variance, denoted as N(0, I). Then, the sampled value is used to calculate the output of the model, where μ(x) and θ(x) represent the mean and covariance of the latent variable z given the input x. This approach allows for more stable optimization during training and reduces the impact of randomness caused by the initial seed values.