Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

in identifying the parasitoid. A detailed evaluation of the model’s
performance is provided in Figure 4. The top panels depict
the performance of the model as a function of its stringency
(the conﬁdence score threshold). The diﬀerence performance
measures are plotted separately for the three identiﬁcation tasks.
For all tasks, as the model becomes more permissive (i.e., requires
a lower conﬁdence score to make a decision), it makes more
true positive and fewer false negative identiﬁcations. On the
other hand, the number of false positive identiﬁcations increases
as well. The optimal conﬁdence threshold needs to be selected
by the model’s users according to the ecological task at hand.
For example, a low threshold can be desirable for monitoring
of disease-vectoring insects. This would enable early detection
and control of the pests, at the cost of some false alarms (false
positive identiﬁcations). A higher threshold may be suitable for

INTRODUCTION

State of the Art: Machine Learning for
Insect Ecoinformatics
Ecologists strive to document and interpret the abundance
and distribution of organisms. Field observations are a major
means to this end, and the observational data that have
accumulated over the decades form a solid basis for our
view of ecosystems. In recent years, technological advances
enabled the solidiﬁcation of observational ecology into a
new scientiﬁc branch, ecoinformatics, which applies big-data
methods to ecological questions (Rosenheim and Gratton, 2017).
Ecoinformatics focuses on curating and mining large databases,
collected over long time periods across multiple locations (see
the GBIF Home Page1). The available data vary in format and
reliability (Gueta and Carmel, 2016) as they originate from
multiple sources, such as long-term ecological monitoring (Lister
and Garcia, 2018), citizen science projects (Hallmann et al., 2017),
or museum catalogs (Short et al., 2018).

FIGURE 2 | The training process of the YOLOv5 model. The left panel depicts the loss function that drives the learning process. This function penalizes incorrect
predictions of the three focal species as well as missed ones. The learning consists of iterative reduction of this penalty for the training set images (blue) by a
stochastic gradient algorithm (Ruder, 2016). The validation set images (red) do not participate in the optimization and the gradual reduction in their loss indicates that
the training has not reached an overﬁtting point. The validation loss stabilizes after 30 epochs, suggesting that further training might lead to overﬁtting. Thus, the
deep learning model generated by 30 training epochs was used for tests. A different perspective on the gradually improving performance of the model is provided in
the right panel. The model’s average precision (AP) improves with the number of training epochs. The plot depicts the model’s mean AP (mAP) over the three insect
classes.

1

May 2021 | Volume 9 | Article 600931

fevo-09-600931

May 17, 2021

Time: 21:42

# 2

Gerovichev et al.

Deep Learning for Insect Ecoinformatics

INTRODUCTION

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, based on common practices in machine learning, possible methods include grid search or random search. Grid search involves testing all combinations of predefined values for each hyperparameter, while random search randomly samples points within the defined range of hyperparameters. Another method mentioned in the text is stochastic gradient descent, but this refers to the optimization of weights during training rather than hyperparameters. Therefore, without additional information, we cannot definitively state how the hyperparameters were optimized.