Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Yu, F., Koltun, V., 2016. Multi-scale context aggregation by dilated convolutions. In: In 
4th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2016, San Juan, 
Puerto Rico, May 2-4, 2016, Conference Track Proceedings. 

Tan, X.L., Chen, J.L., Benelli, G., Desneux, N., Yang, X.Q., Liu, T.X., Ge, F., 2017. Pre- 

Zhong, Y., Gao, J., Lei, Q., Zhou, Y., 2018. A vision-based counting and recognition 

infestation of tomato plants by aphids modulates transmission-acquisition 

system for flying insects in intelligent agriculture. Sensors 18 (5), 1489. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10238411

Fig. 3. Generated ground-truth. Ground-truth required for the training phase is derived from dot labels by leveraging distinct procedures depending on the specific 
deep learning model PCθ  being employed:: (i) bounding boxes are generated by creating squares centered over the dots with a fixed side length s, (ii) density maps are 
produced by overlaying Gaussian kernels Gσ  centered at the dot positions, and (iii) segmentation maps are generated by superimposing dot-centered discs having 
radius r and splitting overlapping discs using a background ridge. The parameters s, σ, and r are constants that are established based on the standard object sizes 
prevalent in the images. Best viewed in electronic format.

odologies for pest detection and counting, as mentioned in Section 2.2. 
Notably, many of these methodologies employ the same deep learning 
network, such as Faster R-CNN (Ren et al., 2017), which is adopted in 
constructing the PCθ  module. Some other approaches, like (Bereciartua- 
P´erez et al., 2022; Bereciartua-P´erez et al., 2023) inspired by FCRN (Xie 
et al., 2016), and others like (Rustia et al., 2020; Sun et al., 2018; Wang 
et al., 2021; Zhong et al., 2018), which utilize similar architectures to 
(Tian et al., 2019), are also considered. Summarizing, this section aims 
to demonstrate, over the newly established scenario represented by the 
PST dataset, the effectiveness of our counting pipeline; taking advantage 
of  the  latter  being  model-agnostic,  we  test  several  general  counting 
strategies that also enclose primary SOTA pest detection and counting 
approaches, performing an in-depth counting analysis.

training step  and  a test  split  with the  remaining eight images  for the 
model evaluation phase. Finally, it is worth noting that, even if we an-
notated only the pests belonging to the class “whitefly”, other insects 
were accidentally stucked in the traps, which represents an additional 
challenge  -  deep  learning  models  should  not  count  the  latter  insect 
species. Specifically, we found insects belonging to different orders, such 
as  Lepidoptera,  Hymenoptera,  and  Diptera  (about  21,  7,  and  113, 
respectively);  furthermore,  among  hemipterans  we  also  found  insects 
belonging to families of Psyllidae, Aphidae, and Miridae (about 4, 14, 
and  22,  respectively).  Besides, about  80% of  the  images contain  con-
taminants,  such  as  dust,  fluff,  or  leaves,  accidentally  glued  over  the 
sticky traps. Some samples of bycatches insects and contaminants can be 
found in Fig. 1 and Fig. 4.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to determine what type of hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model. It could have been any combination of CPUs, GPUs, TPUs, or other specialized hardware designed for machine learning tasks.