Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  this  study,  we  conducted  an  analysis  of  a  multifrequency  acoustics  dataset  acquired  from  scientific 
echosounders  in  the  West  African  water.  Our  objective  was  to  explore  the  spatial  arrangement  of  marine  or-
ganism aggregations. We investigated various attributes of these intricate biological entities, such as thickness, 
relative density, and depth, in relation to their surroundings. These environmental conditions were represented 
at a fine scale using a towed multiparameter system. This study is closely intertwined with two key domains: 
Fisheries acoustics techniques and functional data analysis. Fisheries acoustics techniques facilitate the collection 
of high-resolution spatial and temporal data concerning marine organisms at various depths and spatial scales, all 
without causing any disturbance. On the other hand, spatial-functional data analysis is a statistical approach for

ture dataset from Lake Victoria. Sierra et al. (2017) investigated FDA 
methods to examine particle-size distributions in a beach/shallow ma-
rine  sedimentary  environment in  Gij´on  Bay (NW Spain). Acar-Denizli 
et  al.  (2018)  applied  a  functional  linear  regression  model  to  remote 
sensing data, enabling them to predict total suspended solids concen-
tration in the coastal zone of the Guadalquivir estuary. Tarro-Saavedra 
et al. (2020) classified the seabed in coastal environments by employing 
FDA approaches on acoustic curves. Godard (2021) employed FDA to 
study  high-frequency  physical,  biological,  and  behavioral  data  from 
electronic recorders deployed on marine predators, particularly south-
ern elephant seals. Nonparametric functional spatial regression has been 
explored for mapping the presence of demersal coastal fish from Senegal 
in studies by Ndiaye et al. (2022, 2020). Yarger et al. (2022) utilized a

Usually,  the  studies  conducted  on  zooplanktonic  communities  did 
not  take  into  account  the  spatial  dimension  of  all  the  physical  and 
biomass measurements collected with different sampling techniques i.e. 
fisheries acoustics (Diogoul et al., 2021) or using nets (Blanluet et al., 
2019).  The  high  dimensional  structure  of  environmental  variables 
(seawater temperature, salinity, fluorescence, and turbidity) combined 
with multifrequency fisheries acoustics measurements is a rich source of 
information. Analyzing such massive spatial data requires sophisticated 
techniques as proposed by Functional Data Analysis (FDA) (Ariza et al., 
2022b), able to take into account the functional and spatial nature of the 
data. FDA transforms high dimensional data within a continuum into 
functional data, i.e. data objects, such as curves, shapes, images, or more 
complex mathematical objects, thought of as smooth realizations of a

examining  data  characterised  by  functional  attributes  distributed  across  a  spatial  domain.  This  analysis  en-
compasses dimension reduction techniques, as well as supervised and unsupervised methods, which take into 
consideration spatial dependencies within extensive datasets.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the study uses a multifrequency acoustics dataset acquired from scientific echosounders in the West African waters. It also refers to the use of a towed multiparameter system to represent environmental conditions at a fine scale. Additionally, the text discusses the application of Fisheries acoustics techniques, which facilitate the collection of high-resolution spatial and temporal data concerning marine organisms without causing any disturbance. In summary, based on the given context, the methods utilized for collecting raw data include scientific echosounders, towed multiparameter systems, and Fisheries acoustics techniques.