Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)10253516P.J.S. Vega et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 9. Architecture details of the deep learning-based classifiers evaluated in this work. In the figure, each network architecture is represented in the green blocks 
separately. The orange block shows the fully connected layers at the end of all networks. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.) 

References 

Abdar, M., Pourpanah, F., Hussain, S., Rezazadegan, D., Liu, L., Ghavamzadeh, M., 

Fieguth, P., Cao, X., Khosravi, A., Acharya, U.R., et al., 2021. A review of uncertainty 
quantification in deep learning: techniques, applications and challenges. Inform. 
Fusion 76, 243–297.

Due to its success in modeling complex problems, DL, characterized 
by neural networks encompassing more hidden layers and learning pa-
rameters  than  their  predecessors,  represents  a  promising  alternative. 
Additionally,  the  increasing  availability  of  optical  imagery  datasets 
organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps is very convenient for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  DL-based  techniques  in  deep-water 
studies. However, the limited availability of labeled data for properly 
training DL models in that context still remains a major obstacle.

The increasing availability of seabed images has created new opportunities and challenges for monitoring and 
better  understanding  the  spatial  distribution  of  fauna  and  substrata.  To  date,  however,  deep-sea  substratum 
classification relies mostly on visual interpretation, which is costly, time-consuming, and prone to human bias or 
error. Motivated by the success of convolutional neural networks in learning semantically rich representations 
directly from images, this work investigates the application of state-of-the-art network architectures, originally 
employed in the classification of non-seabed images, for the task of hydrothermal vent substrata image classi-
fication.  In  assessing  their  potential,  we  conduct  a  study  on  the  generalization,  complementarity  and  human 
interpretability aspects of those architectures. Specifically, we independently trained deep learning models with

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Image classification 
Deep learning 
Hydrothermal vents 
Uncertainty analysis

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I am sorry, but based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this research. It would be best to refer to the original paper or contact the authors directly for this information.