Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for deep learning. arXiv 2019, arXiv:1910.05446.

17. Ruder, S. An overview of gradient descent optimization algorithms. arXiv 2016, arXiv:1609.04747.
18. Taqi, A.M.; Awad, A.; Al-Azzo, F.; Milanova, M. The impact of multi-optimizers and data augmentation on
TensorFlow convolutional neural network performance. In Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE Conference on
Multimedia Information Processing and Retrieval (MIPR), Miami, FL, USA, 10–12 April 2018; pp. 140–145.
19. Olson, M.; Wyner, A.; Berk, R. Modern neural networks generalize on small data sets. In Proceedings of
the Advances in Neural Information, Neural Information Processing Systems 31 (NeurIPS 2018), Montreal,
BC, Canada, 3–8 December 2018; pp. 3619–3628.

20. Ammar, A.; Koubaa, A.; Ahmed, M.; Saad, A. Aerial images processing for car detection using convolutional

neural networks: Comparison between faster r-cnn and yolov3. arXiv 2019, arXiv:1910.07234.

Due to the lack of existing quality data, we set out to create our own data set for the purpose of
the project. The data set created is, in a deep learning context, still at a relatively small size. However,
testing the model under very diﬃcult circumstances and complex backgrounds still yielded good
detection capabilities, paving the way for future work.

Keywords: deep learning; object detection; ocean objects; synthetic aperture radar; classiﬁcation;
YoloV3

1. Introduction

Figure 10 shows an example of iceberg training data used in the model and is a good indicator of
a complex situation where data are to be labelled. It could be argued that too many objects are not
labelled, leaving them out of training, but in opposition to this, one could say that too many small
objects are included, and these are not of great importance. In Figure 11, training objects are also
seen to be located within the large piece of ﬂoating ice in the right side of the image, this also raises
the question of icebergs being present in other types of ice, such as in this study [23], or if such large
pieces of ﬂoating ice should be in a class of their own or maybe not be included at all.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred from the statement "due to the lack of existing quality data, we set out to create our own dataset for the purpose of the project" that the authors collected their own data rather than relying on publicly available datasets. This suggests that they may have used custom methods for gathering data, which could include techniques like surveys, sensors, or manual labeling. Unfortunately, without more information about the nature of the project or the type of data involved, it is impossible to provide a definitive answer regarding the exact methods used for data collection.