Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

query set are negative. Liu et al. (Liu et al., 2019) propose transductive
propagation that iteratively propagates labels from labelled instances to
unlabelled instances according to the graph structure of the embeddings.
Other semi-supervised learning techniques have been applied such as
active learning. Wang et al. (Wang et al., 2022) combines a few-shot

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10273410

∑

x∈Sd

fθ(x)

3.4. Active learning

(1)

A recommender system, Fig. 4, ranks segment embeddings in order
of lowest certainty to highest certainty. Low-certainty embeddings
correspond to features on decision boundaries. The Euclidean distance ld
is computed between existing prototypes cd and the query embeddings q
providing both class suggestion and class probability using P(q ∈ d | ld)
= softmax(1 (cid:0) norm(ld)). The recommender ranks queries in terms of

This methodology has been implemented into the Listening Lab
Annotator Tool (McEwen et al., 2023b), shown in Fig. 5. The following
section demonstrates the functionality of the annotator and methodol-
ogy workflow.

samples (red line) compared to randomly ordered samples, no active
learning (blue line), and active learning using high-certainty samples
(yellow line). The baseline accuracy is calculated using a 2-shot, 2-way
test accuracy without fine-tuning (81.4%). The AST feature extraction
model is fine-tuned on a subset of 500 training samples. Model perfor-
mance is re-evaluated on the test set at 10 sample increments using each
of the three sample orderings. Low certainty refers to queries with a
similar Euclidean distance to prototypical embeddings and therefore lie
along decision boundaries. For high-certainty samples, the order is
reversed with query embedding in close proximity to prototypical em-
beddings being prioritised for model fine-tuning.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.