Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Once  the  UMAP  model  was  constructed,  the  testing  data  was 
embedded  into  the  model  for  projection  in  the  latent  space.  For  the 
training  and  test  data,  we  computed  the  nearest  neighbor  Euclidean 
distance  between  species-species  (Dss)  and  background-species  (Dsb). 
We then calculated Pss, the cumulative empirical distribution function 
of the intra-species distance Dss. Calculation of Pss was according to the 
following equation (R Core Team, 2022): 

Pssn(D) =

(
1
n

)∑n

i=1

1[di≤D]

where the step function Pss is the proportion of observations less than or 
equal to a given distance D, n is the number of distance measures, and di 
is the distance value. Once the Pss function was determined, we calcu-
lated S = (1- Pss) for the distances between the background and species 

Fig. 1. Workflow to analyze the similarity between a target species and its environment.

Feng, X., Guillera-Arroita, G., Guisan, A., Lahoz-Monfort, J.J., Leitao, P.J., Park, D.S., 
Peterson, T.A., Rapacciuolo, G., Schmatz, D.R., Schr¨oder, B., Serra-Díaz, J.M., 
Thuiller, W., Yates, K.L., Zimmermann, N.E., Merow, C., 2020. A standard protocol 
for reporting species distribution models. Ecography 43 (9), 1261–1277. https://doi. 
org/10.1111/ecog.04960. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10244411

3.4. Assessment of UMAP as a binary classifier

distance  and  each  of  the  original  features  of  the  background  points 
(Fig. 1-D). The MIC measures the amount of information shared by each 
pair (Hausser and Strimmer, 2021). One advantage of using the MIC is 
that it considers a diverse array of relationships, not simply a linear one 
(Kraskov et al., 2004; Zeng, 2015). Another group of indices was esti-
mated with the package PresenceAbsence (Freeman and Moisen, 2008) 
to evaluate the performance of UMAP as a binary classifier; i.e., with 
probabilities for presence (species points, Sss) and absence (background 
points,  Ssb),  we  calculated  the  area  under  the  curve  (AUC),  receiver 
operating  characteristics  (ROC)  (Valavi  et  al.,  2022),  kappa  index  K 
(Cohen, 1960), and the point-biserial correlation (COR) index (Fig. 1-D). 
The AUC ranges between 0 and 1, in which the closer to 1 the value, the 
better the model (Valavi et al., 2022). The kappa index ranges between

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves embedding the testing data into the constructed UMAP model for projection in the latent space. The authors compute the nearest neighbor Euclidean distance between species-species (Dss) and background-species (Dsb) for both training and test data. They calculate Pss, the cumulative empirical distribution function of the intra-species distance Dss, using a specific formula. After determining the Pss function, they calculate S = (1 - Pss) for the distances between the background and species. To assess UMAP as a binary classifier, the authors use the maximum information coefficient (MIC) to measure the amount of information shared by each pair of variables. Additionally, they estimate several indices such as the area under the curve (AUC), receiver operating characteristics (ROC), kappa index K, and the point-biserial correlation (COR) index. These metrics help evaluate the performance of the UMAP model during training.