Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Precision Agriculture (PA) (Rossi et al., 2010), according to which inputs

From each combination of values belonging to the first quarter of 
values stored in the Python dictionary, the GA generates four random 
combinations of initial values considered as input for the LS procedure 
previously described. Each best fit value stored in a single row of the 
dictionary is considered as an expected value of a Gaussian distribution, 
μ, while the associated variance is still considered as σ2  = (zμ)2. Each 
new combination of best fit values calculated during the iterations of the 
genetic algorithm is again stored in the database together with all the 
previously estimated sets of values. 

At the end of a genetic algorithm cycle, the rows of the database are 
again ordered according to the values of the sum of the residual. The 
genetic algorithm can be repeated an arbitrary number of times, but for 
simplicity we considered a nGAC = 2, that leads to a total number of nTGA 
= 2nGAC+1 ⋅ nLSF = 1536 LS fit evaluations.

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

Field surveys are affected by high costs in terms of resources (e.g., 
manpower, materials) and time (Petrovskaya et al., 2012), but they are 
more convenient than laboratory experiments (Padmanabha and Streif, 
2019).  Accordingly,  it  may  be  reasonable  to  ask  if  we  can  invert  the 
usual process of application of physiologically based models to estimate 
the biological parameters characterising the species. In other words, if a 
model is supposed to faithfully represent the biology of a given species, 
we may use datasets from field surveys to estimate its parameters. A first 
issue  that we  identify is  that field  data are  affected  by a  higher  vari-
ability than those obtained in the  laboratory environment, where the 
conditions are strictly controlled (Wang and Ma, 2022), with a subse-
quent possible reduction of the reliability of the estimations. Addition-
ally, the time range between two consecutives samplings is wider in field

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, one method used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline is field surveys. Field surveys involve gathering information directly from the source or location being studied. They are often conducted to collect data about specific phenomena, such as plant growth patterns or animal behavior, in their natural environments. However, field surveys can be costly and time-consuming due to resource requirements and the need for extensive manpower and materials. Despite these challenges, field surveys offer valuable insights into real-world scenarios that cannot always be replicated in controlled laboratory settings. Additionally, the context suggests that field survey data might be used to estimate biological parameters characterizing different species using physiologically based models. It should also be noted that field data may have higher variability compared to laboratory data due to uncontrolled environmental conditions, potentially impacting the reliability of estimations.