Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Training a neural network requires to set several hyper-parameters
such as the learning rate, number of epochs and batch size. The learning
rate is a special one since it deﬁnes how much the weights are ‘moved’
to decrease the loss. A bigger one could cause the network not to learn,
on the other hand, a smaller one could require much more steps for
learning. To decrease this issue, we train the network with Adam op-
timizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015), a variant of the stochastic gradient
optimization where the learning rate is adjusted automatically. The rest
of the parameters are set empirically, more details are presented in the
experiments section.

5. Experiments

In this section, we present the experimental characterization of the
proposed approach. The implemented network was trained with Adam
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015) on a Inter Core i7 machine with
NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. The hyperparameters were set as follows:
learning rate 0.01, number of epochs 150, batch size 2500.

max pooling operation is performed, using a kernel of 2 × 2 and stride
two. Next, the features are ﬂattened to a one dimension vector of size
400. Later, three fully connected layers are applied with 120, 84, and 2
nodes respectively. Until this point, the output of the CNN is a vector of
real numbers called logits. Therefore, a LogSoftMax function is applied
to convert the logits into a normalized probability distribution:

3. Dataset

Deep learning approaches require a vast amount of examples to
perform well, otherwise the models can overﬁt to the data. For ex-
ample, COCO (common objects in context) dataset has more than
330,000 of images (Lin et al., 2014). Under those circumstances, it is
essential to build our own dataset due to the lack of previous in-
formation. In this section, we present the methodology that we follow
to build our dataset coupled with an analysis of it.

3.1. Case of study

The Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley is located in the south of Mexico,
between the states of Puebla and Oaxaca. The center of the area is lo-
cated at 18.1605° latitude and −97.4202° longitude (decimal degrees)
and covers an area of 10,000 km2. See Fig. 2. Its arid condition is due to
natural walls that surround it, by east the east mountain chain (sierra

5.4. Dataset extension

The proposed approach has shown good performance (accuracy) for
cactus recognition in aerial images. One way to improve the current
accuracy could be to make deeper the current CNN, however, im-
proving the accuracy with a deeper network will tend to memorize the
dataset due to the model capacity (Goodfellow et al., 2016), causing
model overﬁtting. A better improvement to the current work is to in-
clude more examples in the dataset. Such examples should be obtained
under diﬀerent conditions, some variations are diﬀerent daylight con-
ditions or diﬀerent year seasons. Diﬀerent season pictures will provide
a distinctive context because the rainy season changes all valley's ve-
getation.

Fig. 11. Confusion matrix.

Fig. 13. Example of a cactus image. The axes indicate pixel indices.

136

E. López-Jiménez, et al.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Fig. 14. Learned kernels and feature maps. The axes indicate pixel indices.

6. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of which specific deep learning framework was used to build the model. Commonly used frameworks include TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, and others. However, without further information, I cannot determine which framework was utilized in this case.