Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

-  Satellite-based datasets 

In this study, The MODIS and CMAP datasets were used for drought 
monitoring. These MODIS datasets were extracted from the cloud-based 
Google  Earth  Engine  (GEE)  platform.  GEE  provides  various  types  of 
ready-to-use products derived from satellite imagery (https://eartheng 
ine.google.com).  The  16-day  composite  MODIS  vegetation  product  at 
a 250-m spatial resolution (MOD13Q1) was used to calculate NDVI at 
250 m. MOD13Q1 includes vegetation indices quality control for both 
vegetation  indicators  and  surface  reflectance  bands.  The  eight-day 
composite MODIS LST product at 1-km spatial resolution (MOD11A2) 
was  used  to obtain  day-time land  surface  temperature. MOD11A2  in-
cludes quality control for day-time LST and emissivity. 250 images (with 
cloud cover percentage <10%) were selected to assess drought varia-
tions in the selected basin.

◦
◦ × 2.5

The CMAP is a collection of precipitation datasets that can be pro-
duced by analyzing gauge data and estimating satellite-based precipi-
and its temporal 
tation. The spatial resolution of the CMAP is 2.5
resolution is monthly. The data of CMAP can be downloaded from the 
NOAA repository (https://psl.noaa.gov/data/gridded/data.cmap.html). 
Additionally, Landsat satellite datasets were used to investigate water 
surface area and salinity variations over a long period of time (i.e. 1985 
to 2020). For this aim, the most suitable data in terms of identifiability 
(i.e. frames with cloud cover <10%) was selected. It takes eight “Landsat 
frames” to cover the entire Urmia Lake basin. In the present study, 150 
images from 1985 to 2020 were used to assess land cover variations in 
the  selected  basin.  To  minimize  the  radiometric  effects,  radiometric 
calibration was done for the selected images. 

2.2. Description of the adapted methodology

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10256014R. Ghasempour et al.

In the next step, the potential of the remote sensing-based datasets 
was assessed for drought monitoring in the selected basin. For evalu-
ating the  efficiency of  the CMAP satellite data, the  mean annual pre-
cipitation  values  were  calculated  using  ground-  and  satellite-based 
datasets. The obtained results are shown in Fig. 6(a). From the results, 
there is a desirable correlation between the two datasets, so that the high 
and low precipitation areas of the basin are well identified by the sat-
ellite. A strong positive correlation can be seen between the precipita-
tion values obtained from the two datasets (Correlation Coefficient (R) 
> 0.8 and p < 0.001). After extracting the monthly precipitation datasets 
from the CMAP, the SPI time series were calculated and de-noised using 
the EWT method. Then, the basin was mapped in terms of drought and 
mean entropy. The obtained results are shown in Fig. 6(b). As could be

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information about the availability or location of the deep learning pipeline data repository in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to where it might be located.

Based on the provided context, we only have information regarding the use of different satellite-based datasets such as MODIS, CMAP, and Landsat for drought monitoring and land cover variation assessment in a specific basin. Additionally, the context mentions the use of Google Earth Engine (GEE) platform for extracting MODIS datasets and NOAA repository for obtaining CMAP datasets. However, there is no mention of any deep learning pipeline or its corresponding data repository.