Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

with 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, and 3 neurons 
each, all using the rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function; for 
the output layer we used the sigmoid activation function. We used the 
LSTM method by adding a long short term memory block on the DNN’s 
architecture  previously  described.  The  implementation  of  the  classifi-
cation methods was carried out in Python using the libraries TensorFlow 
and Scikit-learn (Van Rossum and Drake Jr, 1995). Finally, we obtained 
the accuracy, true positive rate and false positive rate using the afore-
mentioned training-test splits of the time series.

machine  learning  methods:  Support  Vector  Machines,  Deep  Neural  Networks,  Long  Short  Term  Memory  and 
Random Forests. The PBP method yielded a competitive performance associated with higher true-positive rates 
in most comparisons while providing interpretability rather than being a black-box method. It is an improvement 
over current state-of-the-art machine learning tools, especially by non-specialists, such as ecologists aiming to use 
a quantitative approach for pest monitoring. We provide the implemented PBP method in Python through the 
pypbp package.

art  machine  learning  methods,  it  is  also  interpretable,  and  brings 
descriptive advantages combined with its predictive power.

With  respect  to  interpretability,  when  using  RF,  it  is  possible  to 
obtain variable importance. However in this case, this will tell us which 
previous  steps  were  most  important  when  predicting  outbreaks,  not 
necessarily  how  they  relate  to  its  occurrence.  When  using  LSTM  and 
DNN,  which  are  commonly  referred  to  as  ‘black-box’  methods  (Liang 
et al., 2021), it is even more challenging to find explainable frameworks 
that allow us to study the relationship between the predictors and the 
outbreaks. However, each hyperparameter in the PBP framework pro-
vides a clear interpretation, and we are able to create visual represen-
tations  of  the  patterns  that  occurred  before  the  outbreak  (the  P′
means 
matrix).  For  instance,  Fig.  7  displays  the  three  patterns  in  P′
means  ob-
tained from employing PBP using the optimised hyperparameter values 
for the aphid data using 50% of the time series for training.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that the authors used a Deep Neural Network (DNN) architecture with ReLU activation functions for the hidden layers and a sigmoid activation function for the output layer. Additionally, they incorporated a Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) block into their DNN architecture. Therefore, the deep learning model used in the pipeline can be classified as a combination of a feedforward neural network (DNN) and a recurrent neural network (RNN) with LSTM cells. This hybrid model takes advantage of both architectures, allowing it to learn complex representations from input features (using the DNN component) and capture temporal dependencies within sequential data (through the LSTM component).