Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

In  this  paper,  we  propose  a  spectral–spatial  paralleled 
convolutional  neural  network(SSPCNN)  to  solve  the  UAV 
HSI classification task .The SSPCNN integrates the 1-D-CNN 
and 2-D-CNN to simultaneously extract the features of HSI 
for  classification.  Then  the  SSPCNN  is  applied  to  the 
hyperspectral image captured by the unmanned aerial vehicle 
(UAV) for forest species classification and mapping. 

The rest of this article is arranged as follows: Section II 
describes the UAV HSI data adopted in this paper; Section III 
presents the proposed SSPCNN framework; The experiments 
and  analysis  is  detailed  in  Section  IV;  Conclusions  are 
summarized in  Section V. 

II. UAV  HYPERSPECTRAL IMAGE

[7] Y.  Xu,  L.  Zhang,  B.  Du,  and  F.  Zhang,  "Spectral–spatial  unified
networks for hyperspectral image classification," IEEE Transactions on
Geoscience and Remote Sensing, vol. 56, pp. 5893-5909, 2018. 
[8] Z. Zhong, J. Li, Z. Luo, and M. Chapman, "Spectral–spatial residual
network  for  hyperspectral  image  classification:  A  3-D  deep  learning
framework," IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing,
vol. 56, pp. 847-858, 2017. 

[9] S. K. Roy, G. Krishna, S. R. Dubey, and B. B. Chaudhuri, "HybridSN:
Exploring  3-D–2-D  CNN  feature  hierarchy  for  hyperspectral  image

classification," IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters, vol. 17, 
pp. 277-281, 2019. 

[10] I.  Pölönen,  H.  Saari,  J.  Kaivosoja,  E.  Honkavaara,  and  L.  Pesonen,
imaging  based  biomass  and  nitrogen  content
in  Remote  Sensing  for

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided in the given context about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without further details, it is not possible to determine its exact location. Please refer to other sources or contact the authors directly for more information.