Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

method  to  estimate  the  model  parameters  directly  from  field  data,  where  experimental  activities  are  less 
expensive and less time consuming. In this study we propose a combination of least squares methods via genetic 
algorithms to preliminary evaluate the best parameter values and Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach to obtain 
their distribution. The algorithm has been tested in the special case of Drosophila suzukii, to quantify part of the 
parameters  of  an almost  validated model in  two  steps:  i) a first pseudo-validation  using perturbed  numerical 
solutions, and ii) a validation using real field data. The results highlighted the potentialities of the algorithm in 
estimating model parameters and opened several perspectives for further improvements from both the compu-
tational and experimental point of view.

A single iteration of the MCMC algorithm provides for the following 
steps.  It  is  selected  a  random  row  of  the  genetic  algorithm  output 
database between [1, nMCMC], and the best parameter values are subse-
quently absorbed. As already described in Section 2.3.1, even in this case 
the  absorbed  parameter  values  are  supposed  to  be  the  mean  of  a 
Gaussian  distribution,  μ,  while  in  this  case  the  associated  variance  is 
defined as a fixed value σ2 = (0.2 μ)2. A random value is generated from 
the Gaussian distribution associated with each parameter by using the 
random.normal() function, then, the ODE system is subsequently solved. 
At the same time, the step provides for absorbing the array of experi-
mental data, allowing the comparison between the ODE model output 
and the experimental data, based on the log-probability value.

From each combination of values belonging to the first quarter of 
values stored in the Python dictionary, the GA generates four random 
combinations of initial values considered as input for the LS procedure 
previously described. Each best fit value stored in a single row of the 
dictionary is considered as an expected value of a Gaussian distribution, 
μ, while the associated variance is still considered as σ2  = (zμ)2. Each 
new combination of best fit values calculated during the iterations of the 
genetic algorithm is again stored in the database together with all the 
previously estimated sets of values. 

At the end of a genetic algorithm cycle, the rows of the database are 
again ordered according to the values of the sum of the residual. The 
genetic algorithm can be repeated an arbitrary number of times, but for 
simplicity we considered a nGAC = 2, that leads to a total number of nTGA 
= 2nGAC+1 ⋅ nLSF = 1536 LS fit evaluations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, it appears that the optimization of the model parameters is performed through a combination of Least Squares (LS) methods and Genetic Algorithms (GA). However, there is no explicit mention of specific hyperparameter optimization techniques such as grid search or random search. Instead, the focus seems to be on finding the optimal set of parameter values rather than tuning hyperparameters.

The LS method is used to find the best fit parameter values, which are then fed into the GA for partial optimization and exploration of the parameter space. From the description, it appears that the top quarter of the best fit parameter values from the LS method are used as inputs for the GA. During the GA process, new combinations of best fit values are generated and stored in the database along with previous estimates. At the end of a GA cycle, the rows of the database are reordered based on the sum of the residuals.

While not explicitly stated, one could infer that the choice of hyperparameters for the LS and GA processes might have been determined through some form of trial and error or manual tuning, rather than systematic approaches like grid search or random search. Nonetheless, without more information about how these choices were made, it is difficult to provide a definitive answer regarding the use of specific hyperparameter optimization techniques.