Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Finally, even if uncertainty can be quantified in all stages of analysis, 
which  we  attempted  to  do  (see  Appendix  B),  a  method  needs  to  be 
developed to incorporate all these sources of uncertainty into the final 
result (Comber et al., 2012). In the end, it was only possible to quali-
tatively  connect  our  results  back  to  ground  truthing  data.  This  was 
enough for our purposes but future work may be able to improve on the 
accuracy of the analysis as well as the propagation of uncertainty. 

Fig. 6. Much slower recovery from mining between A) 1944 and B) 2020. See 
supplementary materials for a time-lapse video of images over time. 

4.2. Potential improvements for mixed-methods analytical historical 
ecology 

changes in ecosystem response to different management actions, land 
use  patterns,  and  disturbances  such  as  fires,  floods  and  droughts  has 
helped to support ecocultural restoration goals.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

M.V.  Eitzel:  Conceptualization,  Formal  analysis,  Methodology, 
Software, Validation, Visualization, Writing –  original draft, Writing – 
review  &  editing.  Daniel  Sarna-Wojcicki:  Conceptualization,  Data 
curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Resources,  Su-
pervision,  Writing  –  original  draft,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Sean 
Hogan: Formal analysis, Methodology, Resources, Validation, Writing – 
original  draft,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Jennifer  Sowerwine: 
Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Project adminis-
tration,  Resources,  Supervision,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Megan 
Mucioki: Investigation, Resources, Writing –  review &  editing. Kathy 
McCovey: Investigation, Resources, Writing –  review &  editing, Vali-
dation. Shawn Bourque: Investigation, Resources, Writing – review & 
editing, Validation. Leaf Hillman: Investigation, Resources, Validation,

1975–1984 (likely due to selective logging and the building of the G-O 
road) and 2014–2016 (likely due to thinning and prescribed burning in 
the unit). Additional prescribed burning continues to reduce the canopy 
cover in this site from 2016 to 2020. 

3.2.5. Upper Sims - logging followed by canopy cover recovery with no fire 
The cleared area around the former mining ditch tender’s cabin can 
be seen in the center right of the 1944 aerial image (see Appendix B for 
full-page  figure).  The  logging  activities  of  the  1960s  and  1970s  con-
verted much of the land cover from “canopy” cover to open area/”non- 
canopy” cover, especially in the northwest corner of the plot. The site 
remained fairly open through 1993 and has rapidly converted to canopy 
cover  since  then:  Douglas  fir,  planted  redwood  and  some  remaining 
legacy black oaks now cover nearly the entire plot. 

3.3. Canopy cover vegetation post-disturbance recovery rates

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a helpful answer regarding the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. The given text does not mention any details about the specific steps taken to deploy the model, such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer based on the current information.