Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

science counts of the survey and comparison to expert counts.

tee  that  the  approach  is  transferable  and  how  to  appropriately 

4 |  D I S CU S S I O N

filter the data may be affected by the wording of the guidelines, 

the image resolution and sizes used, or the set of volunteers that 

participate  in  the  project.  Other  more  sophisticated  approaches 

to processing citizen science data have been proposed (Swanson 

From our results, we see that both citizen science and deep learn-

et al., 2016); however, given the range of counts provided by the 

ing methods are capable of producing highly accurate image counts. 

volunteers  and  the  large  errors  we  observe  in  the  baseline  met-

Counting the wildebeest within the survey images is a difficult and 

rics  (c.  11%  and c.  9%  undercount  for  the  mean  and  median,  re-

time- consuming task. When collecting the census images, there are

libraries	 such	 as	 TensorFlow	 (Abadi	 et	al.,	 2016).	 Currently,	 the	

Raw count data are available from Enlighten: Research Data (https://

doi.org//10.5525/gla.researchdata.732).  Source  code  is  available 

from http://dx.doi.orgI10.5281/zenodo.2562058.

greatest challenge for implementing these algorithms for bespoke 

O R C I D 

applications is obtaining sufficiently large training datasets. In this 

regard,  citizen  scientists  have  a  clear  role  to  play.  While  we  have 

shown that the trained algorithm achieves high accuracy levels, it 

Colin J. Torney 

 https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1673-7835  

should  be  noted  that  the  algorithm  employed  the  crowd- sourced 

data  to  create  the  training  sets.  Hence,  both  methods  should  be 

R E F E R E N C E S

viewed  as  complementary  approaches  with  citizen  science  data 

forming the foundation for automated algorithms (Rey et al., 2017).

within the image. While there remains the potential for bias in the 

three main steps.

expert count, we take this count to be the gold standard. Hence, our 

Firstly, we generated a training dataset by selecting 500 of the 

results are a comparison between the two novel methods employed 

survey images at random to be used exclusively for training. Images 

and a count by a single experienced expert, which could in principle 

were tiled into 864 × 864 subimages and then passed though a ver-

deviate from the unknown true count.

sion of the YOLO DCNN using pretrained weights from the COCO 

dataset provided by (Redmon & Farhadi, 2018). This process created 

a	list	 of	the	locations	of	potential	objects	in	each	image.	As	a	first	

3 |  R E S U LT S

pass, these results were filtered by discarding any object detections 

that did not correspond to an identification from the Zooniverse data. 

We  compared  the  accuracy  of  the  methods  by  calculating  the

3.  Through  the  use  of  the  online  platform  Zooniverse,  we  collected  multiple  non-

expert counts by citizen scientists and used three different aggregation methods 

to  obtain  a  single  count  for  the  survey  images.  We  also  counted  the  images  by 

developing a bespoke deep learning method via the use of a convolutional neural 

network. The results of both approaches were then compared.

4.	 After	filtering	of	the	citizen	science	counts,	both	approaches	provided	highly	ac-

curate total estimates. The deep learning method was far faster and appears to be 

a more reliable and predictable approach; however, we note that citizen science 

volunteers played an important role when creating training data for the algorithm. 

Notably, our results show that accurate, species-specific, automated counting of 

aerial wildlife images is now possible.

K E Y W O R D S

citizen science, conservation, deep learning, monitoring, population ecology, surveys

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, some general insights can be derived from the context.

In generating a training dataset, the authors randomly selected 500 survey images. This suggests that they might have used stratified sampling or similar techniques to ensure diverse representation in their training data.

After passing the images through a version of the YOLO Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN), the authors filtered the results by discarding any object detections that did not correspond to an identification from the Zooniverse data. This step could potentially mitigate overfitting and improve model performance.

Moreover, the authors acknowledge that while the trained algorithm achieved high accuracy levels, it relied on crowd-sourced data to create the training sets. They suggest viewing both methods—deep learning and citizen science—as complementary approaches, with citizen science data forming the foundation for automated algorithms.

This implies that the authors recognize the importance of diverse data collection and its impact on reducing data bias. Although the text does not explicitly mention oversampling, undersampling, or other specific techniques, the overall approach seems to focus on ensuring diversity and representativeness in the training data.