Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

curator while using the app as a tool for post-dive debriefing. Combined, 
these two steps ensure that there is a specific checklist to cross out and 
that the interview is embedded in regular operations of the dive centre. 
Another aspect that could influence data quality is the possibility of 
misidentifying  species  that  are  less  known  to  the  citizen  scientists 
(Austen  et  al.,  2016;  Freiwald  et  al.,  2018).  This  is  especially  true 
because the app does not require submission of photographic evidence, 
which  could  be  validated  by  experts  (Kosmala  et  al.,  2016)  or  using 
machine learning (Saoud et  al., 2020). Once again, by relying on the 
dive guide to conduct the interview, there is some level of validation of 
the species sighted and reported, as they are often knowledgeable and 
experienced in local fauna and flora. This approach has also been used in 
previous studies as a safeguard for data quality (Branchini et al., 2015;

of standardisation, by focusing on the frequency and abundance of specific taxa, while retaining a recreational 
dive  plan.  Additionally,  the  app  also  collects  metadata  on  location,  number  of  dives  and  number  of  divers 
enabling normalisation based on “sampling effort”. In this pilot study, the use of the app was tested to compile 
information on the frequency and abundance of 18 marine taxa selected by local experts based on their con-
servation  status,  commercial  interest,  ecological  function  and/or  their  non-indigenous  origin.  Additionally,  a 
question-based survey was conducted to assess the opinion of users on the app’s usability and the potential value 
for the diving community/industry, showcasing a high usability score and interest among users. Basic statistical 
analysis of the data crowdsourced over the 1-month trial illustrates the potential and value of regional moni-

interviewer who was able to interact with dive staff and divers in person 
and detect some behaviours that may impact data quality. One of these 
behaviours is the tendency to underreport marine species seen as com-
mon and overreport rare and charismatic species. An example could be 
the hesitation of citizen scientists to report a dive where the only taxa 
observed were the algae Asparagopsis sp. and S. zonale, while they were 
eager to report the sighting of C. caretta or E. marginatus. This behaviour 
brings  obvious  bias  to  the  acquired  data  and  has  been  repeatedly 
observed in other research using data from citizen scientists or students 
(Bonney et al., 2009; Galloway et al., 2006; Gardiner et al., 2012). In our 
case study and future program, reporting bias would be mitigated in two 
ways:  i)  by  including  a  checklist  of  conspicuous  species,  and;  ii)  by 
ensuring  the  dive  guide  or  staff  take  on  the  role  of  interviewer  and

Acknowledgements 

We would like to thank the dive centres that took part in the survey, 
namely  Azul  Diving  Madeira,  Cipreia  Dive  Club  -  Madeira,  Haliotis 
Madeira Diving Center, Madeira Oceanos - Diving Center, Manta Diving, 
Mero  Diving  Center,  Porto  Santo  Sub  and  Rhea  Dive  Center.  We  are 
especially  thankful  to  Manta  Diving  Center  Madeira  and  Madeira 
Divepoint  that  cooperated  with  us  during  the  initial  trial  and  data 
gathering. This is contribution 125 from the Smithsonian’s MarineGEO 
and Tennenbaum Marine Observatories Network. 

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102191. 

References 

Altamirano, M., Mú˜noz, A.R., De la Rosa, J., Barraj´on-Mínguez, A., Barraj´on-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information about the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, common regularization techniques include Dropout, which randomly sets a fraction rate of input units to 0 at each update during training time, helping reduce overfitting; and L2 Regularization, also known as weight decay, which adds a penalty term to the loss function proportional to the squared magnitude of all parameters. Other methods include early stopping, data augmentation, and batch normalization.

Answer:::