Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

References 

Abu, A., Diamant, R., 2022. Feature set for classification of man-made underwater 

objects in optical and sas data. IEEE Sensors J. 22 (6), 6027–6041. http://dx.doi.org/ 
10.1109/JSEN.2022.3148530. 

Bibby, C., Jones, M., Marsden, S., 1998. Expedition Field Techniques: Bird Surveys. Royal 

Geographical Society, London.  

Çalıs¸kan, A., 2023. Detecting human activity types from 3d posture data using deep 
learning models. Biomed. Signal Process. Control 81, 104479. http://dx.doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.bspc.2022.104479. 

Clements, N., Robinson, W., 2022. A re-survey of winter bird communities in the Oregon 
coast range, USA, initially surveyed in 1968-1970. Biodiers. Data J. http://dx.doi. 
org/10.3897/arphapreprints.e91575. Aug.  

Davis, K.L., Silverman, E.D., Sussman, A.L., Wilson, R.R., Zipkin, E.F., 2022. Errors in 

aerial survey count data: identifying pitfalls and solutions. Ecol. Evol. 12 (3), e8733 
http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ece3.8733.

surveys, in particular, from the perspective of ecology. Aerial surveys 
provide a cost-effective way to collect environmental information over 
large areas in a short amount of time; however, they may not provide 
reliable data if not conducted correctly (Davis et al., 2022). Long-term 
data  using  standardised  and  well-structured  approaches  are  the  best 
way  to  measure  change  in  ecology;  unfortunately,  this  data  is  not 
available  for  most  biogeographical  regions  (Clements  and  Robinson, 
2022)  due to the  cost  of data processing  with intensive  human  inter-
vention. In this sense, this study mainly aims to fill this gap in the sci-
entific literature either by processing the collected data in an automated 
way,  with  no  human  intervention,  to  separate  several  hundreds  of 
ISMMMOs  from  large  surveys,  or  by  processing  images  as  they  are 
streamed from the airborne camera systems to monitor ISMMMOs with

The rest of this document is structured as follows: The methodology 
is revealed in Section 2. The datasets on which the methodology is built 
and tested are explored in Section 3. A summary of the findings is pro-
vided in Section 4. Discussions are outlined in Section 5. Section 6 draws 
a conclusion as well as future potential works. Finally, the limitations of

There  are  numerous  studies  in  the  literature  to  detect  underwater 
man-made  objects  (MMOs)  within  a  limited  region  of  interest  (RoI) 
using  underwater  imagery,  robots  or  sonography.  For  instance,  Abu 
et  al.  (Abu  and  Diamant,  2022)  proposes  a  contour-based  features 
analysis method to discern underwater MMOs from natural environment 
considering that contours of MMOs' are supposed to be smoother than 
natural objects. There are a limited number of studies in the literature to 
detect specific types of surface marine MMOs using supervised Machine 
Learning  (ML)  and  Deep  Learning  (DL)  approaches  that  require  prior 
training in the marine ecosystem. For instance, Han et al. (Han et al., 
2022) proposed a DL technique titled LCSE-ResNet to detect, classify and 
locate  vessels  and  oil  platforms  based  on  remote  optical  imagery,  by 
which all other MMOs are excluded. There are no studies in the litera-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the field of ecological research, various methods are used to collect raw data for use in deep learning pipelines. These include aerial surveys, bird surveys, and underwater imagery, among others.

Aerial surveys are a common method used to gather environmental information across large areas quickly and efficiently. However, these surveys must be conducted carefully to ensure reliable data collection (Davis et al., 2022). Standardized and well-structured long-term data collection methods are ideal for measuring changes in ecology but can be expensive and resource-intensive (Clements & Robinson, 2022).

Bird surveys are another method used to collect ecological data. These surveys involve observing and recording bird populations and behaviors in their natural habitats. This type of data collection requires specialized knowledge and expertise in avian species identification and behavior analysis (Bibby et al., 1998).

Underwater imagery is also commonly used to collect data on marine environments. This can include the use of cameras, robots, and sonography to capture images and video footage of underwater structures and organisms. Contour-based feature analysis methods have been developed to distinguish between man-made objects and natural elements in underwater environments (Abu & Diamant, 2022).

Supervised machine learning and deep learning techniques have also been employed to analyze and interpret ecological data. For example, deep learning algorithms such as LCSE-ResNet have been used to detect, classify, and locate specific types of marine man-made objects based on remote optical imagery (Han et al., 2022).

Publicly available datasets can also serve as valuable sources of raw data for deep learning pipelines. These datasets often contain preprocessed and labeled data that can save researchers significant time and resources compared to collecting and labeling data themselves. Examples of publicly available datasets relevant to ecological research include those containing satellite imagery, weather data, and wildlife population statistics.