Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The training set included 21 different individuals (classes) each
having 4 different 320 × 320 pixels images. The test size included 99
other labeled images of the individuals that appeared in the training set.
Images of both training and test sizes varied in their poses and other
image characteristics, such as contrast, brightness, etc. The initial ex-
periments referred to the following issues to be decided for the chosen
framework:

1. Architecture: We examined two Siamese architectures versions
based on the work of (Koch et al., 2015), since Siamese networks that
learn a similarity function are a better choice for learning with a
small example set.13 The two architectures have either 2 or 4
convolution layers with Relu activations and Contrastive Loss (CoL)
as a loss function. The implementations are taken from the open
sources of Choi, (2020); Siyah, (2020).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Improving deep learning based bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura
Lymma) recognition

Avivit Levy a, *, Adi Barash b, c, Chen Zaguri a, Ariel Hadad a, Polina Polsky a
a Software Engineering, Shenkar College of Engineering and Design, Anna Frank 12, Ramat-Gan 52526, Israel
b Sharks in Israel, NGO for the Conservation of Sharks and Rays, Kibbutz Amir, 1214000, Israel
c The Steinhart Museum of Natural History Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 6901127, Israel

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Computer vision
Citizen science
Ecological study
Marine animal recognition
Pose handling

1. Introduction

1.1. Motivation

2. on the other hand, a practically reasonable pipeline for recognition
can be achieved despite the problem specification challenges, using a
careful examination of different factors, such as pose handling, while
bearing some surprises to the Computer Vision community, e.g., the
advantage of a feature-extraction enhancement (avoiding data
augmentation) over using augmentation techniques.

Preprocessing the input instead of relying on data augmentation is a
preferred way with significantly better results, seemingly by-passing the
difficulty of the Siamese network to learn similarity in the presence of so
few examples. It could be, however, that there is still a better way to by-
pass this difficulty but also exploit the power of augmentations.

CRediT authorship contribution statement

Still there are issues that should be considered before a specific
detailed framework can be designed. In order to decide on a feature
extraction and recognition detailed steps framework,12 initial experi-
ments were performed on the individuals labeled database. Since we
study a task that has not been studied before, we explore different as-
pects and several directions to tackle them, which naturally, most of
them are abandoned after evaluating the results. Nevertheless, these
initial experiments are important as a base case to study the conditions
that improve the performance, which is the focus of this paper. Based on
the literature survey our initial experiments referred to the following
issues to be decided for the chosen framework: architecture, data
augmentation usage, feature extraction enhancement and handling
different poses. The evaluation of the initial experiments results then
guided our design of the follow-up experiments. The initial experiments,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention which deep learning framework was used to build the models. However, it mentions that the implementations are taken from the open sources of Choi, (2020); Siyah, (2020). This suggests that the authors might have used the same framework as those used in these references. Without further information, it cannot be definitively stated which framework was used.