Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023962G. Wang and X. Shan

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023964G. Wang and X. Shan

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population 
time series 

Guiming Wang a, *, Xueyan Shan b, c 
a Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
b Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Entomology and Plant Pathology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA 
c Institute for Genomics, Biocomputing & Biotechnology, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Dynamic time warming 
Hierarchical clustering 
Machine learning 
State space model 
Trend analysis

trend test. See documentation for use of block bootstrap when there is 
autocorrelation. R Package Version 2.2.1. https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=Ke 
ndall. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990. Wildlife management 

areas harvest summary report 1983-1989. In: Game Division, Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks., Jackson, MS, USA. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998. Wildlife Management 

Areas Harvest Summary Report 1990–1997. Game Division, Mississippi Department 
of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, Jackson, MS, USA. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006. Wildlife Management 

Areas Harvest Summary Report 1998–2005. Game Division, Mississippi Department 
of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, Jackson, MS, USA. 

Moran, P., 1953. The statistical analysis of the Canadian Lynx cycle I: synchronization 

and meterology. Aust. J. Zool. 1, 291–298.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses feature-based and shape-match classifications of animal population time series using dynamic time warping, hierarchical clustering, machine learning, state space models, and trend analysis. These methods can be considered as part of the broader process of preparing and analyzing datasets for various applications, including deep learning pipelines. Nevertheless, without further details about the dataset preparation and preprocessing steps, it is impossible to determine which specific data annotation techniques were employed in this study.