Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Perhaps  more  promising,  however,  are  emerging  methods  that 
incorporate  the  human  ability  to  see  patterns  with  machine  learning 
methods used for classification, for example “human in the loop” clas-
sification (Buscombe et al., 2022). This could speed up the classification 
of  larger  areas,  and  might  also  enable  finer  classification  of  woody 
vegetation,  especially  in  the  NAIP  imagery.  This  method  could  be 
particularly successful using the four-band spectral information in the 
images  from  2009-present  to  try  to  differentiate  vegetation  types. 
Another possibility would be to use the Normalized Difference Vegeta-
tion  Index  (NDVI)  for  the  four-band  imagery  to  aid  in  classification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotating, scaling, etc. However, it mentions some approaches that could potentially improve image classification tasks. These include incorporating information from online spectral libraries or other remote sensing products with more detailed spectral information and coarser spatial detail. Additionally, the text discusses the use of machine learning tools and human-in-the-loop classification methods to refine classifications. It also suggests using the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) for the four-band imagery to aid in classification. Nevertheless, without explicit mention of data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotation, or scaling, I cannot provide a definitive answer based on the given context.