Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian, 2020. Google earth engine for geo-big data applications: 
a meta-analysis and systematic review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 164, 
152–170. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A., 2021. Comparison of machine and deep 
learning methods to estimate shrub willow biomass from UAS imagery. Can. J. 
Remote. Sens. 47 (2), 209–227. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B., 2021a. A comparison of decision tree-based 
models for forest above-ground biomass estimation using a combination of airborne 
lidar and landsat data. In: ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing & 
Spatial Information Sciences, 3. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M.,

Hamprecht, F.A., 2009. A comparison of random forest and its Gini importance with 
standard chemometric methods for the feature selection and classification of spectral 
data. BMC bioinformatics 10, 1–16. 

Mutanga, Onisimo, Adam, Elhadi, Cho, Moses Azong, 2012. High density biomass 

estimation for wetland vegetation using WorldView-2 imagery and random forest 
regression algorithm. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 18, 399–406. 
Potapov, Peter, Li, Xinyuan, Hernandez-Serna, Andres, Tyukavina, Alexandra, 

Hansen, Matthew C., Kommareddy, Anil, Pickens, Amy, Turubanova, Svetlana, 
Tang, Hao, Silva, Carlos Edibaldo, 2021. Mapping global Forest canopy height 
through integration of GEDI and Landsat data. Remote Sens. Environ. 253, 112165. 
Qi, Wenlu, Dubayah, Ralph O., 2016. Combining Tandem-X InSAR and simulated GEDI 

Lidar observations for Forest structure mapping. Remote Sens. Environ. 187, 
253–266.

Tang, Hao, Tang, Zhiyao, Fang, Jingyun, Guo, Qinghua, 2022. Neural network 
guided interpolation for mapping canopy height of China’s forests by integrating 
GEDI and ICESat-2 data. Remote Sens. Environ. 269, 112844. 

Ma, Lei, Liu, Yu, Zhang, Xueliang, Ye, Yuanxin, Yin, Gaofei, Johnson, Brian Alan, 2019. 
Deep learning in remote sensing applications: a Meta-analysis and review. ISPRS J. 
Photogramm. Remote Sens. 152, 166–177. 

Mandal, Dipankar, Kumar, Vineet, Ratha, Debanshu, Dey, Subhadip, Bhattacharya, Avik, 
Lopez-Sanchez, Juan M., McNairn, Heather, Rao, Yalamanchili S., 2020. Dual 
Polarimetric radar vegetation index for crop growth monitoring using Sentinel-1 
SAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 247, 111954. 

Menze, B.H., Kelm, B.M., Masuch, R., Himmelreich, U., Bachert, P., Petrich, W.,

randomly  selected  half  of  the  pixels  for  the  training  and  testing  split 
(Hudak et al., 2020). This strategic sampling technique was chosen to 
capture  the  full  distribution  of  AGB  values  within  the  LiDAR-derived 
AGB  maps  accurately.  This  stratified  random  sampling  approach  was 
chosen to ensure that the training/testing dataset accurately represented 
the distribution of AGB values within the LiDAR-derived AGB maps. The 
use of this approach was crucial in ensuring that the AGB maps gener-
ated were accurate and representative of the distribution of AGB values 
in the study area.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not include any details about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline might be located. It only mentions various research papers related to remote sensing, machine learning, and deep learning techniques used for estimating biomass and canopy height. To find out if there is a publicly accessible code repository associated with these studies, I would recommend visiting each paper's respective webpage or contacting the authors directly.