Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To separate data into training and testing datasets, we used a spatial 
blocking technique, in which we divided our study area into 25 equally 
sized  blocks,  each  approximately  41  km  × 41  km  in  size,  using  the 
blockCV package in the R programming language (Valavi et al., 2019). 
We determined the size of our spatial blocks using the spatialAutoRange 
function in the blockCV package, which returns a block size equal to the 
median  range  of  spatial  autocorrelation  in  independent  covariates 
(Valavi  et  al.,  2019).  This  attempts  to  ensure  data  within  a  block  is 
relatively independent of data outside of that block. We then divided 
these blocks among five folds in which the numbers of presences and 
background points were roughly equal. We used five folds because, due 
to the spatial arrangement of our presence data, using more would cause 
folds to have drastically differing numbers of presences and background

2.8. Training individual models 

To train the component models for the ultimate ensemble models, we 
used  six  modeling  approaches,  categorized  into  regression-based  and 
machine  learning models. Regression-based  models included General-
ized Linear Models (GLMs), Generalized Additive Models (GAMs), and 
Multivariate  Adaptive  Regression  Splines  (MARS).  Machine  learning 
models included Random Forest (RF), Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), 
and Maximum Entropy software (MaxEnt). We built all models using the 
biomod2 package in R (Thuiller et al., 2021).

to model performance by a single component model built with subop-
timal training data. However, RF outperformed all the ensemble models, 
suggesting  that  if  researchers  use  a  single  modeling  approach,  they 
should consider using RF. It should be noted that we found RF to be more 
sensitive to the number of background points used to train the model 
than  other  modeling  methods.  However,  researchers  or  practitioners 
might choose to use a single modeling approach that is found to be less 
sensitive to the number of background points, like a GLM or MaxEnt. In 
this situation, since the gain in performance is minimal, the decision on 
how many background points to use might be instead made to minimize 
computation time and answer time-sensitive questions related to con-
servation  actions.  Nevertheless,  using  an  ensemble  of  models  helps 
overcome any issues that any single model might have, as demonstrated

number of presences, (c) 10,000 background points, and (d) optimized background points for each component 
model. Among regression-based approaches, MARS performed best when built with 10,000 background points. 
Among machine learning models, RF performed the best when built with equal presences and background points. 
Among the four ensemble models, AUC indicated that the best performing model was the ensemble with each 
component model including the optimized number of background points, while TSS increased as the number of 
background  points  models  increased.  We  found  that  an  ensemble  of  models,  each  trained  with  an  optimal 
number of background points, outperformed ensembles of models trained with the same number of background 
points, although differences in performance were slight. When using a single modeling method, RF with equal 
number of presences and background points can perform better than an ensemble model, but the performance

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information about specific datasets used in a deep learning pipeline such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, it discusses the process of separating data into training and testing datasets using a spatial blocking technique for a study area. The data was divided into 25 equally sized blocks, each approximately 41 km x 41 km in size, using the blockCV package in the R programming language. The goal was to ensure that data within a block was relatively independent of data outside of that block. Six modeling approaches were used to build component models for ensemble models, including regression-based models (Generalized Linear Models, Generalized Additive Models, Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines) and machine learning models (Random Forest, Artificial Neural Networks, Maximum Entropy software). The biomod2 package in R was used to build all models. The results showed that an ensemble of models, each trained with an optimal number of background points, outperformed ensembles of models trained with the same number of background points. Additionally, Random Forest with equal numbers of presences and background points could perform better than an ensemble model when using a single modeling method.