Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Hafner, H., 2014. Air Sensor Guidebook. US Environmental Protection Agency. https: 
//cfpub.epa.gov/si/si_public_record_report.cfm?Lab=NERL&dirEntryId=277996&s 
impleSearch=1&searchAll=air+sensor+guidebook. Accessed: 2023-12-08.  

Zaytar, M.A., Amrani, C.E., 2020. Machine learning methods for air quality monitoring. 
In: NISS 2020: The 3rd International Conference on Networking, Information 
Systems & Security, Marrakech, Morocco, March 31 - April 2, 2020, ACM. https:// 
doi.org/10.1145/3386723.3387835, 16:1–16:5.  

Zimmerman, N., Presto, A.A., Kumar, S.P.N., Gu, J., Hauryliuk, A., Robinson, E.S., 

Robinson, A.L., Subramanian, R., 2018. A machine learning calibration model using 
random forests to improve sensor performance for lower-cost air quality monitoring. 
Atmosph. Meas. Tech. 11, 291–313. URL: https://amt.copernicus.org/articles/11/ 
291/2018/ https://doi.org/10.5194/amt-11-291-2018. 

Costa, C., Pitoura, E. (Eds.), Proceedings of the Workshops of the EDBT/ICDT 2021

The input data of the LSTM algorithm include a temporal sequence of 
observations, i.e., the raw measurements of all the pollutants, air tem-
perature and humidity of consecutive time intervals. The length of the 
sequence,  i.e.,  the  number  of  consecutive  observations,  can  be  fixed 
based on the variability of the data in the use case.

4.1. Database structure 

The structure of the database for storing information related to the 
air quality sensors and the legal stations is shown in Fig. 3. The data 
model  was  implemented  following  the  standard  “ISO  19156:2011 
Geographic  information  -  Observations  and  Measurements”  (ISO 
(2011))  and  the  TAQE  model  defined  for  Traffic  and  Air  Quality  Ap-
plications in Smart Cities by Martínez et al. (2022). The database is a 
PostgreSQL database with PostGIS extension to handle geospatial data 
and Timescale extension to make SQL scalable for time-series data (i.e., 
sensor measurements). 

At each moment, every device is described by a status and is located 
at a specific point in the city. The status changes when a device is moved 
from one location to another to collect measurements in the new loca-

4  https://codeocean.com/capsule/0864495/tree  
5  https://github. 

com/ChiaraBachechi/AQCalibrationFramework

In  this  paper,  we  present  HypeAIR,  a  novel  framework  for  LCAQ 
sensor  calibration  based  on  co-location  to  simplify  and  automatically 
manage  the  calibration  process;  the  framework  is  open-source,  easily 
adaptable  to  different  sensors  and  pollutants,  and  enables  real-time 
hyper-local  AQ  monitoring.  We  propose  two  methodologies  for  cali-
bration embedded in HypeAIR: one based on a combination of machine 
learning algorithms that consider the time dependency of observations, 
and one based on the deep learning algorithm Long Short-Term Memory 
(LSTM)  that  was  not  previously  employed  for  LCAQ  calibration.  We 
define an approach to evaluate the performance of the methodologies 
taking into account the life cycle of sensors and the context (e.g., tem-
perature, humidity) in which the observations are collected. Then, we 
compare  the  two  methodologies  for  real-time  sensor  calibration  to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The sources of raw data used in the deep learning pipeline primarily involve various types of sensors. These sensors measure pollutant levels, temperature, and humidity over consecutive time intervals. For instance, low-cost air quality (LCAQ) sensors are employed to gather these environmental readings. Additionally, the study mentions the utilization of legal stations, although it does not provide explicit details about their role or function within the data collection process.

Furthermore, the research discusses the implementation of a database structure adhering to ISO 19156:2011 standards and the TAQE model. This database stores information pertaining to both air quality sensors and legal stations. It employs PostgreSQL with PostGIS extensions to manage geospatial data and Timescale extensions to efficiently handle time-series data generated from sensor measurements.

However, there is no mention of other data collection methods such as surveys or public datasets being used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it appears that the primary source of raw data for this particular application is derived from sensor measurements.