Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Another considerable experimental result is that Elastic Net can improve the perfor-
mance of the proposed model. A good deep learning model usually requires abundant
data to train and analyze, while the limitations of obtaining DNA barcode sequences of ﬁsh
species from different families and the problem of overﬁtting in small datasets are more
and more serious. To solve the overﬁtting problem in training process on small datasets
is of great importance. In our study, Elastic Net is used to solve overﬁtting problem and
improve the generalization ability of the ESK model. Moreover, genetic characteristics
of species belong to high-dimensional data, which are time consuming during training.
However, directly combining a set of fully connected EN-SAE is often has little effect for
extracting useful information. Elastic Net provides sparse connection, which can also save
training time. Therefore, Elastic Net can improve the performance of proposed model.

36.

Random Forest supervised learning model. BMC Genet. 2019, 20, 2. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
Jin, S.; Zeng, X.; Xia, F.; Huang, W.; Liu, X. Application of deep learning methods in biological networks. Brief. Bioinform. 2021, 22,
1902–1917. [CrossRef]

37. Kumar, S.; Stecher, G.; Li, M.; Knyaz, C.; Tamura, K. MEGA X: Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis across Computing

Platforms. Mol. Biol. Evol. 2018, 35, 1547–1549. [CrossRef]

38. Chu, Z.; Yu, J. An end-to-end model for rice yield prediction using deep learning fusion. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2020, 174,

105471. [CrossRef]

39. Chen, J.; Sathe, S.; Aggarwal, C.; Turaga, D. Outlier Detection with Autoencoder Ensembles. In Proceedings of the 2017 SIAM

International Conference on Data Mining (SDM), Houston, TX, USA, 27–29 April 2017; pp. 90–98. [CrossRef]

Symmetry 2021, 13, 1599

16 of 16

40. Homoliak, I. Convergence Optimization of Backpropagation Artiﬁcial Neural Network Used for Dichotomous Classiﬁcation of

Abstract: Fish is one of the most extensive distributed organisms in the world. Fish taxonomy
is an important component of biodiversity and the basis of ﬁshery resources management. The
DNA barcode based on a short sequence fragment is a valuable molecular tool for ﬁsh classiﬁcation.
However, the high dimensionality of DNA barcode sequences and the limitation of the number of
ﬁsh species make it difﬁcult to reasonably analyze the DNA sequences and correctly classify ﬁsh
from different families. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning method that fuses Elastic
Net-Stacked Autoencoder (EN-SAE) with Kernel Density Estimation (KDE), named ESK model. In
stage one, the ESK preprocesses original data from DNA barcode sequences. In stage two, EN-SAE is
used to learn the deep features and obtain the outgroup score of each ﬁsh. In stage three, KDE is
used to select a threshold based on the outgroup scores and classify ﬁsh from different families. The

h = σe(Wx + b)

(3)

where x denotes the input data vector, W is the weight matrix connecting the input and
hidden layers, b is the bias vector belonging to the latent layer nodes, and σe represents the
activation function, such as Sigmoid, Relu, Tanh, etc.

(2) Decoder: in this step, the hidden representation h is mapped into reconstruction

vector y, the typical form as follows:

y = σd(W(cid:48)h + b(cid:48))

(4)

where W’ is the weight matrix connecting the latent and output layers, b’ is the bias vector,
and σd represents the activation function.

Loss function is deﬁned to measure the reliability of SAE. SAE is trained to reconstruct
the features of input and adjust the weights of the encoder and decoder to minimize
the error between the output and the input. Thus, loss function is introduced, which is
expressed in terms of mean square error as follows:

L(W, b) = ∑(cid:107)y − x(cid:107)2

(5)

Symmetry 2021, 13, 1599

6 of 16

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model proposed in the given context is to classify fish from different families using DNA barcode sequences. This is achieved by fusing Elastic Net-Stacked Autoencoder (EN-SAE) with Kernel Density Estimation (KDE). The model consists of three stages: preprocessing original data from DNA barcode sequences, learning deep features using EN-SAE, and selecting a threshold based on the outgroup scores and classifying fish from different families using KDE. The goal is to overcome the challenges posed by the high dimensionality of DNA barcode sequences and the limited number of fish species available for analysis.