Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mean of the predicted test set size diverges from the actual test set size. 
Optimal classification accuracy was obtained when the test set size 
was smallest relative to the training set. However, even when the test to 
training set  ratio  was  32:12, the  predicted value  was  close  to the  ex-
pected value, demonstrating the robustness of the model.

Data validation was performed on the captive Amur tiger dataset to 
determine the optimal number of footprint trails required for the algo-
rithm training set and test sets that could provide an accurate population 
estimate. Fig. 4 shows the result of a holdback trial partitioning test on 
training sets for 44 captive Amur tigers. Using the algorithm generated 
in FIT, the analysis was iterated 10 times for each combination of test/ 
training  size,  with  randomly  selected  trails,  to  examine  how  the  pre-
dicted outcome compared with the known test set size. The figure shows, 
for example, that then the test set size (y axis) comprises trails from 4 
tigers, and the test/training set size comprises trails from 04/40 tigers, 
the predicted test set sizes are very similar across a range of partitioning 
trials. However, when the test set size is 36 tigers, and the test/training 
ratio 36/08 tigers, there is a wide range of predicted test set sizes and the

3.4. Algorithm training using data from captive Amur tigers 

A  classification  dendrogram  was  generated  using  the  FIT  pairwise 
comparison model for 44 trails from captive Amur tigers (Supplemen-
tary Fig. 3). The process was iterated multiple times by altering elements 
within  the  model  to  generate  the  fewest  misclassifications  (Li  et  al., 
2018). The final classification model correctly predicted 44 tigers giving 
100%  accuracy.  This  algorithm  was  then  used  to  classify  the  free- 

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)1019475S.K. Alibhai et al.

Trails  were  collected  from  free-ranging  Amur  tiger,  of  unknown 
identity, at the study sites. Table 2 reports the trail ID collected for each 
trail. As described above (Section 3.1) sub-trails were formed where >10 
footprints existed in any one trail. For example, the table indicates that 
using the 25 left hind footprints from trail MW09, we were able to derive 
four sub-trails. Section 3.5 below explains how the sex classification for 
images and the resulting designations for each trail were made. 

3.3. Data validation to determine the optimal size for algorithm training 
and test sets

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involved performing data validation on the captive Amur tiger dataset. This was done to determine the optimal number of footprint trails required for the algorithm training set and test sets that could provide an accurate population estimate. A holdback trial partitioning test was conducted on training sets for 44 captive Amur tigers. The analysis was iterated 10 times for each combination of test/training size, with randomly selected trails, to examine how the predicted outcome compared with the known test set size. The results showed that the mean of the predicted test set size diverged from the actual test set size. Optimal classification accuracy was obtained when the test set size was smallest relative to the training set. Even when the test to training set ratio was 32:12, the predicted value was close to the expected value, demonstrating the robustness of the model.