Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020805A. Adde et al.

We compared the average computation time needed for (i) running 
the overall covariate selection procedure and model fitting steps under 
each of the three main procedures, and (ii) model fitting only. Analyses 
were run using a 10-core central processing unit strategy with AMD® 
EPYC 7402 on the University of Lausanne HPC cluster. 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020804A. Adde et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Too many candidates: Embedded covariate selection procedure for species 
distribution modelling with the covsel R package

2.2. Step B: Model-specific embedding 

In Step B, covariates selected after Step A are used to fit models with 
embedded selection procedures. We use GLM with elastic-net regulari-
zation  (GLM-EN)  (Zou  and  Hastie,  2005),  GAM  with  null-space

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The context mentions the use of a 10-core central processing unit strategy with AMD® EPYC 7402 on the University of Lausanne HPC cluster for running analyses but does not specify any cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model based on the provided context.