Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The model is constructed using the EfficientNet B0 network (Tan and 
Le, 2019) which had been trained for generic image classification. The 
EfficientNet feature extraction layers are frozen (transfer learning) with 
only the weights of the final dense classification layers updated during 
training.  Training  was  conducted  within  the  Google  Collaboratory 
‘Colab’  platform  (Bisong,  2019),  using  the  Tesla  K80  GPU,  accessed 
through  cloud  computing.  An  Adam  optimizer  was  used  to  control 
gradient descent during training (Kingma and Ba, 2014), with parame-
ters set to: learning rate of 0.001, decay factor of 0.75 and a step size of 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023632E.L. White et al.

Models on Google Cloud Platform. Apress, Berkeley, CA.  

Matwin, S., 2023. Adapting deep learning models to new acoustic environments-A 
case study on the North Atlantic right whale upcall. Ecol. Informa. 77, 102169. 

Pijanowski, B.C., Villanueva-Rivera, L.J., Dumyahn, S.L., Farina, A., Krause, B.L., 

Napoletano, B.M., Gage, S.H., Pieretti, N., 2011. Soundscape ecology: the science of 
sound in the landscape. BioScience 61 (3), 203–216. 

Roch, M.A., Soldevilla, M.S., Hoenigman, R., Wiggins, S.M., Hildebrand, J.A., 2008. 

Comparison of machine learning techniques for the classification of echolocation 
clicks from three species of odontocetes. Can. Acoust. 36 (1), 41–47. 

Roch, M.A., Klinck, H., Baumann-Pickering, S., Mellinger, D.K., Qui, S., Soldevilla, M.S., 
Hildebrand, J.A., 2011. Classification of echolocation clicks from odontocetes in the 
Southern California bight. J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 129 (1), 467–475.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

One size fits all? Adaptation of trained CNNs to new marine 
acoustic environments 

Ellen L. White a, *, Holger Klinck b, Jonathan M. Bull a, Paul R. White c, Denise Risch d 
a School of Ocean and Earth Science, University of Southampton, UK 
b K. Lisa Yang Center for Conservation Bioacoustics, Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Cornell University, NY, USA 
c Institute of Sound and Vibration, University of Southampton, UK 
d Marine Science Department, Scottish Association of Marine Science, Oban, UK   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bioacoustics 
Deep learning 
Domain adaptation 
Marine acoustics 
Marine mammal detection 
Soundscapes

(Fig.  1),  considering  its  performance  in  the  new  environment  with 
limited re-training. Starting with a pre-trained model (EfficientNet B0, 
Tan and Le, 2019), we freeze the networks original feature extractor. We 
then train fully connected layers, which operate on the output of the 
EfficientNet  B0  network,  to  classify  the  PAM  data  frames  into  the 
specified sound source classes. Audio data is input to the network in a 
novel  spectrogram representation (White  et  al.,  2022). Networks  pre- 
trained on image data have been proven to perform well on classifica-
tion  tasks  using  spectrograms  as  image  input,  transformed  from  raw 
audio data (Allen et al., 2021; Shiu et al., 2020; Stowell, 2022). In this 
work  we fine-tune the  parameters  of the fully connected layers  itera-
tively  on  small  batches  of  training  data  acquired  from  a  new  region. 
Through  an  experimental  approach  to  retraining  we  demonstrate  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this research. Therefore, without additional context or resources, it is not possible to provide the requested information.