Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical analysis 

2.4.1. Random forest classification

Random  Forest  is  a  machine  learning  method  combining  decision 
trees  and  bootstrapping.  Developed  by  Breiman  (2001),  RF  has  been 
found to be insensitive to overtraining, small or noisy datasets. Every 
decision tree in the implemented RF algorithm is trained with a boot-
strapped sample of the training data and, at every split node, a subset of 
randomly  selected  features  is  utilized.  Then  for  each  pixel,  the  final 
classification  is  obtained  by  a  majority  vote.  RF  has  proven  to  be  an 
effective tool for mapping coastal and seagrass habitats (Fauzan et al., 
2021; Traganos and Reinartz, 2018b; Wicaksono et al., 2019). Two sets 
of RF models were performed using the multispectral images retrieved in 
2010. In the first set, the response variable was the presence/absence of 
the total seagrass meadows (hereafter identified as seagrass meadows), 
where areas with <20% seagrass cover were considered absence (Valle

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10268512

characteristics led to a remarkable improve in classification accuracy, 
when  considering  mixed  habitats  (Pafumi  et  al.,  2023;  Pham  et  al., 
2019a;  Veettil  et  al.,  2020)  and/or using  satellite images  with coarse 
spatial resolution (Ha et al., 2020). However, the application of machine 
learning in coastal waters is still in its infancy (Ha et al., 2020). Suc-
cessful  mapping  of  seagrass  species  distribution  and  dynamics  were 
already performed by using high spatial resolution data, at the expense 
of a limited time span. For example, Traganos and Reinartz (2018b) and 
Ariasari et al. (2019) achieved classification overall accuracies of 94% 
and 83% respectively, using Planet’s RapidEye and PlanetScope satel-
lites.  Furthermore,  Roelfsema  et  al.  (2014)  mapped  seagrass  species 
combining  high  spatial  resolution  sensors  (Maxar’s  WorldView-2,  X 
IKONOS, and X Quickbird-2) and object-based classification approach,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. The text discusses the use of Random Forest, a machine learning method, for classifying seagrass meadows using multispectral images. It also mentions the successful mapping of seagrass species distribution using high spatial resolution data from various satellites like Planet's RapidEye, PlanetScope, Maxar's WorldView-2, IKONOS, and Quickbird-2. However, it does not delve into the details of the data annotation methods employed in these processes. Therefore, based on the provided context, we cannot determine which data annotation techniques were used in the deep learning pipeline.