Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

function to ignore a certain class. These annotations are made manually, 
using special software, and consume large amounts of time. For model 
development  there  are  many  well  established  collections  of  image 
datasets for the training and evaluation of the models, such as ImageNet

Neural  networks  can  be  trained  in  a  supervised,  semi-supervised 
(Chen  et  al.,  2021;  Zhao  et  al.,  2020)  or  unsupervised  (Harb  and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019) way. When it comes to supervised 
learning (Deng et al., 2009; Minaee et al., 2021), the models are typi-
cally  trained with a  huge amount of  training data. This  training  data 
consist of input and target image pairs, where the input image describes 
the image that is supposed to be classified and the target image describes 
the  corresponding  classes  (labels).  For  semantic  image  segmentation, 
the  target  image  consists  of  a  fully  labeled  image,  which  means  that 
every single pixel of the training image is assigned to a certain class. In 
some cases, parts of the image that have no influence on the specific task 
can  be  ignore  by  the  model  (overexposed,  underexposed  or  blurred 
parts, unimportant parts etc.). This can be done by adjusting the loss

models  can  extract  complex  image  features  and  project  them  into  a 
latent space representation to produce an image classification based on 
these features. To achieve a suitable biocrust coverage estimation, one 
needs to classify every pixel of an image at the highest possible accuracy. 
This pixel-wise classification is called semantic segmentation. Various 
neural  network  architectures  like  UNet  (Ronneberger  et  al.,  2015)  or 
DeepLabV3  (Chen  et  al.,  2017)  were  developed  for  semantic  image 
segmentation (Minaee et al., 2021).

When  it  comes  to  the  application  of  deep  learning  models,  it  is 
mandatory to train the model on training data that resemble the data, on 
which  the model will be applied  later. If the  model is  applied over  a 
longer period of time (as it can be the case in long term biomonitoring), 
the training dataset and the dataset, on which the model is applied can 
have  different  data  distributions  due  to  some  reasons,  like  different 
recording  conditions  (brightness,  scale)  or  recording  devices/sensors 
(contrast,  resolution).  This  is  a  well-known  phenomenon  called  data 
drift  or  domain  drift  (Farahani  et  al.,  2020).  Thus,  it  is  necessary  to 
create specific datasets tailored to the desired application. The field of 
machine learning that is dealing with this discrepancy across domain 
distributions, is called domain adaption, with the aim of increasing the 
transferability of models to datasets with similar statistical properties.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. However, it does provide information about neural network architectures commonly used for semantic image segmentation, such as UNet and DeepLabV3. Both UNet and DeepLabV3 are convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures designed specifically for semantic segmentation tasks. Therefore, it can be inferred that the pipeline likely uses a CNN-based deep learning model for its image analysis tasks.