Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024667Q. Song et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Qi  Song:  Methodology,  Writing  –  original  draft.  Yu  Guan:  Data 
curation, Funding acquisition, Writing – review & editing. Xinhui Guo: 
Writing – review & editing. Yufeng Chen: Funding acquisition, Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Hongfang  Wang:  Funding  acquisition,  Writing  – 
review & editing. Jianping Ge: Funding acquisition, Resources, Writing 
–  review &  editing. Tianming Wang: Funding acquisition, Resources, 
Writing – review & editing. Lei Bao: Data curation, Funding acquisition, 
Resources, Writing – review & editing, Supervision. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgments

5. Conclusion 

In this study, we proposed a dataset comprising 9717 images of 15 
wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China’s Northeast Tiger 
and Leopard National Park. Based on this dataset, we employed 8 deep 
learning algorithms for bird object detection and evaluated their per-
formance.  Our  results  indicate  that  deep  learning-based  approaches 
have the potential to detect wild birds in camera traps efficiently. By 
applying  these  approaches,  manual  processing  costs  can  be  reduced, 
enabling  more  efficient  monitoring  of  wildlife  populations  over  wide 
areas and over time. Our findings can help conservation practitioners 
choose  appropriate  models  for  their  detection  tasks,  as  well  as  offer 
insight  on  the  use  of  deep  learning-based  technologies  to  improve 
wildlife monitoring and environmental protection.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Object detection 
Bird detection 
Deep learning 
Camera trap

Camera traps provide a wealth of visual data for wildlife conserva-
tion (Borowiec et al., 2022; Ferreira et al., 2020; Norouzzadeh et al., 
2021;  W¨aldchen  and  M¨ader,  2018).  However,  accurately  identifying 
birds from camera traps datasets is a significant challenge due to their 
small size, protective coloration, and tendency to inhabit complex forest 
backgrounds. This study constructed a wild bird dataset consisting of 15 
species and 9717 images to explore the potential value of deep learning 
methods in automating bird identification. The study also investigated 
the accuracy of 8 mainstream deep learning methods for bird identifi-
cation, analyzing the impact of species, target size, and model frame-
works on model accuracy. This research provides a novel approach for 
assisting  ecology  and  conservation  researchers  in  bird  identification. 
The dataset and accuracy validation results provided by the study will

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine the exact data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in the study. It only mentions that the data will be made available upon request but does not specify where it would be hosted or shared. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to provide the specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study.