Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the workflow include a separate import of the image and the application of a set of colour ramp palettes and (ii) 
albeit being well  documented, there  are many steps to be done  before plotting an image with  a colour blind 
friendly ramp palette. The function described in this paper, on the contrary, allows to (i) automatically call the 
image inside the function without any initial import step and (ii) explicitly refer to the colour blind deficiency 
type being experienced, to further automatically apply the proper colour ramp palette.

colours of oceanography: Guidelines for effective and accurate colourmap selection. 
Oceanography 29, 9–13. 

Thyng, K., Richards, C., Kocken, I., Krylov, I., 2020. cmocean: Beautiful Colour Maps for 
Oceanography. R package version 0.3-1. url:https://CRAN.R-project.org/package 
=cmocean. 

Tufte, E.R., 2002. The Visual Display of Quantitative Information, second ed. Graphics 

Schuetz, J.G., Strimas-Mackey, M., Auer, T., 2020a. colourist: An R package for colouring 

Press, Cheshire (USA).  

wildlife distributions in space-time. Methods Ecol. Evol. 11, 1476–1482. 
Schuetz, J.G., Strimas-Mackey, M., Auer, T., 2020b. colourist: Coloring Wildlife 

Distributions in Space-Time. R package version 0.1.2. url:https://CRAN.R-project. 
org/package=colourist. 

Simunovic, M.P., 2010. Colour vision deficiency. Eye 24, 747–755. 

Van Rossum, G., Drake Jr, F.L., 1995. Python tutorial, vol. 620. Centrum voor Wiskunde 

en Informatica, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

Colour gamut is of primary importance to synthesise the information 
contained in a dataset/map. Summarising, there are three main impor-
tant elements/steps when applying a colour gamut to data rendering: (i) 
the possibility of using different colour palettes in a software, (ii) the 
choice made by the map producer about one of the possible palettes, and 
(iii) how such a choice is perceived by users. From this point of view, 
awareness  of  the  uncertainty  and  potential  limitations  of  the  use  of 
colours in maps may enhance map interpretation and use. While colour- 
coding guidelines are needed, we are far from having an etiquette on this 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020455D. Rocchini et al.

workflow and plot it in a simple manner that is also intelligible by colour 
blind  people.  The  aim  of  this  paper  is  to  present  the  cblindplot R 
package and its founding function - cblind.plot() - which enables 
colour blind people to just enter an image in a coding workflow, simply 
set the specific form of the colour perception discrepancy, and imme-
diately get an output in a “colour blind friendly” format. 

2. The function: step by step 

2.1. Code 

We implemented our idea in the cblindplot package (https://gith 
ub.com/ducciorocchini/cblindplot).  To  install  the  package  one  can 
simply  import  the  whole  package  from  GitHub  by  making  use  of  the 
devtools R package, by: 

devtools::install_github("ducciorocchini/ 

cblindplot")

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information regarding the data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on the given context, it can be inferred that images are used in the workflow since the function described in the paper allows for automatic calling of the image within the function. Therefore, one of the data formats used in the deep learning pipeline could be images. Other formats like CSV or video are not mentioned in the provided context.

Answer:::