Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018612C. P´erez-Granados and K.-L. Schuchmann                                                                                                                                                                                                

(e.g.,  eBird  for  species  distribution  modeling  and  Xeno-canto  for 
creating an algorithm). The searches on Google Scholar, eBird and Xeno- 
canto were carried out on 3 July 2022. The total number of scientific 
articles  in  Google  Scholar,  observations  uploaded  to  eBird  and  re-
cordings stored in Xeno-canto for each species considered can be found 
in  Table  1.  The  combined  index  was  obtained  by  averaging  the  rank 
position  of  every  species  on  the  three  considered  categories,  which 
identified the Band-tailed Nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga, Nighthawk 
hereinafter) as the nightjar with the least information available among 
those inhabiting the Brazilian Pantanal (Table 1).

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

To identify the Brazilian nightjar with the least information available 
we created a combined index based on the following criteria: (i) number 
of scientific articles published about the species, (ii) number of obser-
vations uploaded to a citizen science platform, and (iii) number of re-
cordings  uploaded  to  a  public  online  database  of  sounds.  The  latest 
version of the checklist of birds of Brazil includes 27 nightjars (Pacheco 
et al., 2021), although we restricted the search to those species inhab-
iting the Brazilian Pantanal (15 species, see Table 1), where the study 
was  carried  out  (see  study  area  section).  The  selection  of  species 
inhabiting  the  Brazilian  Pantanal was  based  on whether  there was  at 
least  one  sighting  uploaded  to  eBird  on  this  area  (http://www.ebird. 
org).  eBird  is  a  large-scale  citizen  science  program  focused  on  birds 
that  enables  interested  ornithologists  and  citizen  scientists  to  submit

Table 1 
Number of scientific articles published on Google Scholar, number of observa-
tions uploaded to eBird and number of recordings stored in Xeno-canto for each 
nightjar  inhabiting  the  Brazilian  Pantanal.  The  data  was  extracted  on  3  July 
2022. The number between brackets refers to the rank of the species for each 
considered  variable,  while  the  mean  rank  shows  the  averaged  value  of  each 
individual rank.  

English name 

Scientific name 

Scholar 
Google 

eBird 

Xeno- 
canto 

Mean 
rank 

Rufous 

Nightjar 

Lesser 

Nighthawk 

Common 

Nighthawk 
Ladder-tailed 
Nightjar 
Band-winged 
Nightjar 
Spot-tailed 
Nightjar 

Little 

Nightjar 
Scissor-tailed 
Nightjar 
Short-tailed 

Nighthawk 

Least 

Nighthawk 

Blackish 

Nightjar 

Common 

Pauraque 

Ocellated 
Poorwill 
Band-tailed 

Nighthawk 

Nacunda 

Nighthawk 

Antrostomus rufus 

1 (2) 

3132 (5) 

Chordeiles 
acutipennis 

12 (13) 

Chordeiles minor 

79 (15) 

66,883 
(13) 
434,890 
(15)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details on how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. It only mentions that the authors used Kaleidoscope software to extract sounds from audio files using certain signal parameters such as minimum frequency, maximum frequency, and maximum inter-syllable gap. However, it does not mention any specific method for optimizing these parameters, such as grid search or random search. Therefore, I do not have enough information to provide a helpful answer to this query.