Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  best  performances. We  also  implemented  an  early  stop  approach, 
with a patience value of 16 to regularize the model and minimize the loss 
function (binary cross entropy). The early stop approach is a common 
technique in machine learning to halt the training process of a model 
prematurely  if  performance  on  a  validation  dataset  fails  to  improve 
beyond  a  predefined  threshold,  thereby  preventing  overfitting  and 
conserving computational resources.

2.5.2. Model training and validation 

For  the  classification  task,  the  performance  of  the  models  was 

evaluated  using  5-fold  cross  validation  over  the  dataset  described  in 
Sections 2.3 and 2.4, as this approach provides a robust and unbiased 
estimate of a model’s performance while also guiding effective hyper-
parameter  tuning  for  improved  overall  performance  (James  et  al., 
2023). The dataset was divided into 5 subsets, and, at each iteration of 
the 5-fold cross validation, one was used to evaluate the models using 
the  performance  metrics  that  will  be  presented  in  Section  2.5.4.  The 
remaining  4  subsets  were  used  for  training  (90%  of  the  images)  and 
validation (10% of the images).

Table 2 
Performance metrics for both learning rates scenarios trained for each classification model (mean ±
standard deviation of the five folds). ACC – Accuracy, TPR – Sensitivity, TNR – Specificity and F1 – 
F1-score. Light grey cells highlight the best performance results for learning rate and metric. 

Table 3 
Performance metric (mAP@0.50IOU; mean average precision), average inference time per image and total 
loss (sum of the classification and localization losses) for each model. Light grey cells highlight the best model 
results for performance (mAP), total loss and speed. 

3.3. Mapping the spatial distribution of Cortaderia selloana

A.1b),  with  high  performances  (e.g.,  f1-score  values  above  93.09%; 
Table  4).  Unlike  the  training  task,  the  best  results  were  obtained  by 
(cid:0) 4,  in  terms  of  accuracy 
EfficientNetB0  with  a  learning  rate  of  10
(97.50%),  sensitivity  (96.00%)  and  f1-score  (97.46%),  followed  by 
(cid:0) 4),  which  also  showed 
Inception-v3  with  the  same  learning  rate  (10
high accuracy (96.88%), sensitivity (94.00%), specificity (99.75%) and 
f1-score (96.78%). In the case of the EfficientNetB0 model, only 4% of 
the  images  displaying  the  Cortaderia  selloana  were  confused  by  the 
model as showing no C. selloana (false negatives; Fig. A.1c). Likewise, 
from  the  images  showing  no  C.  selloana,  in  1%  of  the  cases  Effi-
cientNetB0  incorrectly  predicted  the  class  “With  Cortaderia  selloana” 
(false  positives;  Fig.  A.1d).  A  similar  pattern  was  verified  for  the 
remaining CNNs (see confusion matrices in Tables A.6 and A.7).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that an early stop approach was implemented with a patience value of 16 to regularize the model and minimize the loss function. This technique halts the training process prematurely if performance on a validation dataset fails to improve beyond a predefined threshold. Therefore, it can be inferred that the criterion used to determine when training is complete is based on the improvement or lack thereof in the performance on the validation dataset. More specifically, the training stops when the performance does not improve for a certain number of epochs, defined by the patience value. In this case, the patience value is set to 16, meaning that if the performance does not improve after 16 consecutive epochs, the training process will be stopped.