Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Mapping global orchid assemblages with deep learning provides novel 
conservation insights 

Joaquim Estopinan a, b, c,*, Maximilien Servajean b,d, 1, Pierre Bonnet c, 1, Alexis Joly a, b, 1, 
François Munoz e,1 
a INRIA, Montpellier, France 
b LIRMM, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
c UMR AMAP, CIRAD, Montpellier, France 
d AMIS, Univ. Paul Val´ery Montpellier, Univ. Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France 
e LIPHY, Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, Grenoble, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Spatial indicator 
Species assemblage 
Deep learning 
Species distribution modelling 
IUCN status 
Orchids

2.2.1. Definition 

The objective is to optimise a model returning likely species assem-
blages worldwide while being learned on a set of presence-only obser-
vations. To do so, we optimise a deep species distribution model (Botella 
et  al.,  2018b)  and  further  calibrate  it  to  return  species  assemblages 
including the initial species observed with very high confidence. This 
method is derived from what is called set-valued prediction (or set-valued 
classification) in the machine learning community (Chzhen et al., 2021; 
Mortier et al., 2021). The model is trained on presence-only data, all 
species combined (multi-species SDM), and is then used to predict a set 
of  labels  by  thresholding  the  SDM  output  categorical  probabilities 
associated to species.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific data annotation techniques such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it does state that the method uses presence-only observations for training the deep species distribution model. Presence-only data refers to records where only the occurrence of a species is known, without any associated absence data. Therefore, it seems that the data annotation technique used here involves marking the locations where a particular species has been observed, rather than using more complex methods like bounding boxes or instance segmentation.