Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

• This provides valuable information for understanding the 
environmental impact of energy consumption and helps in 
formulating effective policies to reduce CO2 emissions. 
• Proposed work assesses the air quality where concentration 

and toxicity levels are modelled using IT2 FSs.  

• Helps to identify contributing components for the resulting air 
quality, which further may enhance decision-making pro-
cesses related to environmental policies and health-related 
issues. 

• This work utilizes acoustic data and deep CNN to identify 

oestrus and non-oestrus sounds of sows.  

• Also, provide ways for monitoring and early warning systems 

on pig farms.  

• Better reproduction capability in sows may upscale the 
economic efficiency and production level of pigs.  

• A sustainable perspective for the pig farming operations. 
• The ecological implications of the proposed work are directly 
associated with the increasing CO2 emissions resulting from 
industrialization.

then combined with common latent feature space to generate one latent 
feature space layer. Moreover, to learn the corresponding distributions 
on different layers, multiple layers are generated which learns with their 
pluralism,  simultaneously.  Salaken  et  al.,  (2019)  employed  deep 
learning in which  a small sample of target domain is  used as seed to 
transform  source  domain  dataset.  Sousa  et  al.,  (2020)  proposed  a 
transfer  learning  approach  with  data  augmentation  techniques  for 
wildfire detection to overcome data limitations.

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that several datasets have been mentioned, but not all of them can be classified as being used in a deep learning pipeline. Some of the datasets mentioned include housing dataset, synthetic dataset, email spam filtering text dataset, Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort University Robotics dataset, Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, multivalued (MV) data modeling, Brodatz texture, and others. However, none of these datasets are commonly associated with deep learning pipelines such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. It should be noted that the context does not explicitly mention any specific deep learning pipeline, so it cannot be determined if any of these datasets were used in such a pipeline.