Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1,600 images of each zebra finch were randomly selected without 

eight pictures are being provided to the model each time) was used 

filtering for near-identical images. All birds had at least 1,600 images, 

since it has been shown that small batch sizes improve models’ gen-

except for one that had 1,197 for which oversampling was used by 

eralization capability (Masters & Luschi, 2018). If there was no de-

creating duplicates of 403 randomly sampled images.

crease in loss (i.e. measure of the difference between the predicted 

We used the VGG19 CNN architecture (Simonyan & Zisserman,  

output and the actual output) for more than 10 consecutive epochs, 

2014) and initialized the model with the weights of a network pre-

we stopped training, and then retrained the model that achieved the 

trained on the ImageNet dataset (a dataset with more than 14 mil-

lowest loss with a SGD optimizer and a learning rate 10 times smaller

a deep learning model with an imbalanced training dataset (i.e. when 

35 sociable weavers at the RFIDs antennas. Of these, 30 individuals 

the different classes, here the individuals, have different number of 

with more than 350 pictures were used to train the classifier. In the 

training pictures) can result in the over-generalization for the classes 

great tit population, 77 birds were photographed, of which 10 had 

in majority due to its increased prior probability. For instance, a naïve 

more than 350 pictures. These 10 individuals were used to train a 

classifier  for  a  binary  classification  task  for  a  dataset  in  which  the 

CNN  for  each  of  the  species.  The  remaining  five  sociable  weavers 

ratio  of  the  minority  class  to  the  majority  class  is  1:100  will  have 

and 67 great tits (with <350 pictures) were used to address the issue 
of working in open areas where new individuals can constantly be

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

the five birds (a total of 250) that were not in the training dataset 

us  to  estimate  the  model's  accuracy  by  calculating  the  number  of 

and 250 random images from the pool of birds that were included 

times that the CNN wrongly attributed the identity of a bird as being 

in the training data. For the great tits, we selected 250 random im-

an individual that was not actually present in that flock. In order to 

ages  from  the  pool  of  67  individuals  that  were  not  in  the  training 

avoid near-identical pictures, the same procedure as for the valida-

dataset, and kept a random set of 250 images from the birds in the 

tion dataset to select 160 pictures from each trial was used.

training data. We limited the number of pictures from the same indi-

2.5 | New birds

vidual to a maximum of eight (3.91 ± 1.67 M ± SD) in order to keep a 
large number of different individuals in this dataset (64 out of the 67

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, it mentions several strategies related to image selection and model training that could indirectly mitigate the effects of randomness.

For instance, the process involves selecting 1,600 images per zebra finch, ensuring a large enough sample size to reduce potential biases caused by randomness. Additionally, the use of oversampling for a bird with fewer images (1,197 instead of 1,600) helps maintain balance within the dataset.

When training the model, if there is no decrease in loss for more than 10 consecutive epochs, they stop training and retrain the model with the lowest loss using a smaller learning rate. This approach might help avoid getting stuck in local minima during optimization, which could occur due to random initialization or other sources of randomness.

Furthermore, the validation dataset is created by selecting 160 pictures from each trial while avoiding near-identical pictures, contributing to a diverse and representative validation set. Lastly, the test dataset includes 250 random images from birds not in the training dataset and limits the number of pictures from the same individual to ensure a wide variety of examples.

These strategies collectively aim to create robust datasets and reliable models, potentially reducing the impact of random factors in the deep learning pipeline.