Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(3) 

The second term of Eq. (3) indicates that DTW searches for the least 
cost  path  horizontally,  vertically,  and  diagonally  from  the  current 
element or cell (i (cid:0) 1, j (cid:0) 1) in a forward way. At each time step, DTW 
finds the closest points at t = (i, j) of two time series for comparisons. 
DTW generates an accumulative cost matrix with D(i, j) as the element at 
the ith row and jth column. Last, DTW determines the least cost shortest 
path  (or  the warp path)  searching  through the  accumulative distance 
matrix D from the location (1,1) to (n, m) (Berndt and Clifford, 1994; 
Giorgino, 2009). The green line is the warping or aligned path, which 
goes through the cells or elements of which the total accumulative dis-
tance is the lowest, that is, going through the lowest valley (green color) 
of the “landscape” (left panel, Fig. 3).

Caiado, J., Crato, N., Pe˜na, D., 2006. A periodogram-based metric for time series 

classification. Comput. Stat. Data Analysis 50, 2668–2684. 

Chan, K.-S., Cryer, J.D., 2008. Time Series Analysis with Applications in R. Springer, New 

York, USA.  

Coulson, T., Rohani, P., Pascual, M., 2004. Skeletons, noise and population growth: the 

end of an old debate? Trends Ecol. Evol. 19, 359–364. 

Daskalova, G.N., Myers-Smith, I.H., Godlee, J.L., 2020. Rare and common vertebrates 

span a wide spectrum of population trends. Nat. Commun. 11, 4394. 

Everitt, B., 2004. An R and S-PLUS Companion to Multivariate Analysis. Springer, 

London, UK.  

Fahrmeir, L., Kneib, T., Lang, S., Marx, B., Fahrmeir, L., Kneib, T., Lang, S., Marx, B., 

2013. Regression models. Springer, New York, USA.

trend test. See documentation for use of block bootstrap when there is 
autocorrelation. R Package Version 2.2.1. https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=Ke 
ndall. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990. Wildlife management 

areas harvest summary report 1983-1989. In: Game Division, Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks., Jackson, MS, USA. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998. Wildlife Management 

Areas Harvest Summary Report 1990–1997. Game Division, Mississippi Department 
of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, Jackson, MS, USA. 

Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006. Wildlife Management 

Areas Harvest Summary Report 1998–2005. Game Division, Mississippi Department 
of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, Jackson, MS, USA. 

Moran, P., 1953. The statistical analysis of the Canadian Lynx cycle I: synchronization 

and meterology. Aust. J. Zool. 1, 291–298.

The Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks compiled 
and published the wildlife harvest summaries of Wildlife Management 
Area (WMAs) from the 1980s to the 2000s in three reports (Mississippi 
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1990; Mississippi Depart-
ment of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 1998; Mississippi Department of 
Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks, 2006). The number of harvested rabbits 
per hunter day (a day hunting trip), a capture per unit effort (CPUE) 
index, was calculated as the total number of reported harvests divided 
by  the  total  number of  hunter days  in  a  WMA for each  year.  Eastern 
cottontail  rabbits  (Sylvilagus  floridanus)  and  swamp  rabbits  (Sylvilagus

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide information about the criteria used to determine when training is complete. However, generally speaking, some commonly used criteria include reaching a certain number of epochs, achieving a desired level of accuracy or performance, observing a plateau in the validation loss, or meeting other predefined stopping conditions. It is important to note that these criteria can vary depending on the specific problem, model, and dataset being used.

Answer:::