Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

other programming languages are also used, such as the Deep Learning 
Toolbox  by  MathWorks  (Beale  et  al.,  2018),  cuDNN  (Chetlur  et  al., 
2014), and Darknet (Redmon, 2013–2016).

2.  A CUDA-capable Virtual-Machine (VM) instance should be created on Google Cloud. Various choices are available by searching for ‘CUDA’ in the 
Google Cloud ‘Marketplace’. We recommend a VM named “Debian 10 based Deep Learning VM with M97”, as it comes with the necessary drivers 
and compilers pre-installed. At the time of writing, this instance uses CUDA 11.6. Documentation is available if additional information about 
similar Google Cloud VMs is required.  

3.  The VM can be launched using the ‘Launch’ button on the aforementioned page, after which the required hardware specification of the VM must be 
selected. For most small projects, 16GB of memory and an SSD boot drive of 30GB should suffice. The number and type of GPUs can be selected at 
this stage.

using LibBi arXiv preprint arXiv:1306.3277.  

Murray, L.M., Lee, A., Jacob, P.E., 2016. Parallel resampling in the particle filter. 

J. Comput. Graph. Stat. 25 (3), 789–805. 

Nanni, L., Maguolo, G., Paci, M., 2020. Data augmentation approaches for improving 

analysis on many-core CPUs and GPUs. Front. Neuroinform. 8, 24. 

animal audio classification. Eco. Inform. 57, 101084. 

Endo, A., van Leeuwen, E., Baguelin, M., 2019. Introduction to particle Markov-chain 

Monte Carlo for disease dynamics modellers. Epidemics 29, 100363. 

Farber, R., 2011. CUDA Application Design and Development. Elsevier. 
Filho, A.R., Martins de Paula, L.C., Coelho, C.J., de Lima, T.W., da Silva Soares, A., 2016. 
CUDA parallel programming for simulation of epidemiological models based on 
individuals. Math. Methods Appl. Sci. 39 (3), 405–411.

A.1.

Introduction and specifications 

This  appendix is  designed to provide practical advice on setting up  a CUDA-capable Google cloud instance, as well as installing drivers and 
software required to use Nvidia GPUs for scientific computing. This file will cover both the execution of GPU-accelerated code using cloud computing, 
via the Google Cloud service, and the installation of Nvidia GPU drivers and compilers onto this server, if required. There are many other providers of 
similar services. However, they vary in their setup procedures and requirements, and so we provide only a detailed example for the above mentioned 
provider.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to the query. It could be hosted on popular platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without further information, I am unable to determine its exact location.