Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  shortcut  connections  within  the  network  that  makes  the  training 
faster; bottleneck architecture which consists of a 1 × 1 convolutional 
layer  for  dimension  reduction,  3  × 3  convolution  layer  for  feature 
extraction, and another 1 × 1 convolutional layer for dimension resto-
ration;  shortcut  connections  which  allows  gradients  to  flow  directly 
through  the  network  due  to  the  input  added  directly  to  the  output; 
global  average  pooling  (GAP)  which  computes  spatial  average  of  the 
feature  maps  at  the  end  section  of  the  convolutional  layer;  and  skip 
connections which bypass multiple residual blocks. On the other hand, 
InceptionV3 is a 48-layer 24 CNN containing 24 × 106 parameters with 
enhancement using label smoothing and factorized convolutional layers 
in order to easily propagate the information from the input to the output 
section. For all image-based pre-trained networks, the purpose of CNN

means the images where the extracted numerical features were used in 
Approach 1 during training were the exact images used in training in

through hybrid Principal Component Analysis and Neighborhood Component Analysis which resulted in R, a*, 
b*,  entropy,  and  diameter.  Three  approaches  of  traceability  models  were  developed  and  tested:  pre-trained 
networks  (EfficientNet-Bo,  ResNet101,  MobileNetV2,  InceptionV3)  with  numerical  inputs  (Approach  1), 
image-based pre-trained networks (Approach 2), and hybrid deep neural networks of Long Short-Term Memory 
(LSTM), Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU), and Bidirectional LSTM (BiLSTM) (Approach 3). Based on the test results, 
Approach 3 with GRU-LSTM-BiLSTM sequence exhibited the highest accuracy (96.91%) and sensitivity (96%) 
among  the other thirteen  machine learning models,  hence, named  as BivalveNet. Comparing the attained  ac-
curacy from the BivalveNet to other mollusc traceability studies, it was observed that an efficiency close to the 
attained  using  standard  destructive,  time-consuming,  and  expensive  techniques,  making  BivalveNet  a  highly

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10234411R. Concepcion II et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 10. Confusion matrices of optimized hybrid deep neural network through the developed (a) hybrid PCA-NCA and GRU-LSTM-BiLSTM sequence (BivalveNet), (b) 
LSTM-GRU-BiLSTM, (c) LSTM-BiLSTM-GRU, (d) GRU-BiLSTM-LSTM, (e) BiLSTM-LSTM-GRU, and (f) BiLSTM-GRU-LSTM (Approach 3).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any specific details about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned in the study. Therefore, I cannot determine which hardware resources such as GPUs or TPUs were utilized for training these models.