Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

NDVIR = MAX(NDVIi)

(2) 

Among them, NDVIR is the monthly (annual) NDVI value, and NDVI i 

is the value before synthesis. 

2.3.3. NDVI classification analysis 

The Jenks natural breaks optimization method is a statistical tech-
nique designed to determine the optimal classification by maximizing 
the variance between classes and minimizing the variance within clas-
ses, thereby identifying natural groupings in the data (Jenks, 1967). The 
Jenks natural breaks optimization method has been widely applied in 
the classification research of vegetation indices, such as NDVI and Soil 
Adjusted  Vegetation  Index  (SAVI)  classification  research  (Anchang 
et al., 2016; Silva Costa et al., 2023). To accurately compare the dif-
ferences in value sizes between different NDVI products, we used the 
Jenks  natural  breaks  optimization  method  to  divide  the  average  or 
maximum values of four NDVI products at different time scales into six

posite  data,  the  annual  mean  NDVI  data  (January–December),  the 
growing season mean NDVI data (March–November), the spring mean 
NDVI data (March–May), the summer mean NDVI data (June–August), 
and  the  winter  mean  NDVI  data  (September–November)  were

2.2. Data and processing 

Detailed information of the data in this study can be obtained from 
Table 1. The Google Earth Engine platform, as a planetary-level cloud 
computing platform, provides rich remote sensing data (Gorelick et al., 
2017). This study selected the 16-day synthesized MOD13Q1 V6 NDVI 
dataset(MODIS NDVI), the daily NOAA Climate Data Record (CDR) of 
AVHRR NDVI V5 dataset(CDR AVHRR NDVI)(Eric et al., 2024), and the 
third  generation  GIMMS  NDVI  from  AVHRR  sensors  dataset  (GIMMS 
NDVI) on the Google Earth Engine platform. The SPOT/VEGETATION 
products (SPOT NDVI), administrative divisions, and DEM datasets are 
sourced  from  the  Resource  and  Environmental  Data  Center  of  the

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Xin  Li:  Methodology,  Visualization,  Conceptualization,  Software, 
Formal analysis, Writing –  original draft, Data curation, Writing –  re-
view & editing. Jingwen Xu: Supervision, Writing – review & editing, 
Project administration. Yiyang Jia: Data curation. Shuang Liu: Writing 
–  review  &  editing.  Yudie  Jiang:  Data  curation.  Zelin  Yuan:  Data 
curation. Huiyu Du: Data curation. Rui Han: Data curation. Yang Ye: 
Data curation. 

Declaration of Generative AI and AI-assisted technologies in the 
writing process 

Statement: During the preparation of this work the author(s) used 
Bingchat in order to translate Chinese into academic English. After using 
this  tool/service,  the  author(s)  reviewed  and  edited  the  content  as 
needed and take(s) full responsibility for the content of the publication. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare no conflict of interest. 

Data availability

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears there is no direct mention of any specific optimization techniques applied in a deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Instead, the context focuses on the application of the Jenks natural breaks optimization method, which is a statistical technique used for determining the optimal classification by maximizing the variance between classes and minimizing the variance within classes. This method is employed to classify vegetation indices like NDVI and Soil Adjusted Vegetation Index (SAVI). Therefore, based on the provided context, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the use of optimization techniques in a deep learning pipeline.