Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

species (BirdLife International, 2016, see also Table 1). Among the most 
pressing research priorities identified by the IUCN, there is the very little 
information on the reproductive biology, territoriality, and dispersal of 
the species (BirdLife International, 2016). For example, in Brazil we are 
only  aware  of  one  Nighthawk  egg  collected  in  northern  Brazil  in 
September (Snethlage 1935 in Yoon, 2020) with no more information 
available. Moreover, there is no information regarding the incubation, 
parental care, or nestling development of the species (Cleere and Nur-
ney, 1998; Yoon, 2020).

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018612C. P´erez-Granados and K.-L. Schuchmann                                                                                                                                                                                                

(e.g.,  eBird  for  species  distribution  modeling  and  Xeno-canto  for 
creating an algorithm). The searches on Google Scholar, eBird and Xeno- 
canto were carried out on 3 July 2022. The total number of scientific 
articles  in  Google  Scholar,  observations  uploaded  to  eBird  and  re-
cordings stored in Xeno-canto for each species considered can be found 
in  Table  1.  The  combined  index  was  obtained  by  averaging  the  rank 
position  of  every  species  on  the  three  considered  categories,  which 
identified the Band-tailed Nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga, Nighthawk 
hereinafter) as the nightjar with the least information available among 
those inhabiting the Brazilian Pantanal (Table 1).

aves em quatro ambientes florestais do Pantanal de Pocon´e, MT. (Tese de 
Doutorado). Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte.  
R Development Core Team, 2019. A Language and Environment for Statistical 

Computing R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna. 

Knight, E.C., Hannah, K., Foley, G., Scott, C., Brigham, R., Bayne, E.M., 2017. 

Ridgely, R.S., Greenfield, P.J., 2001. The Birds of Ecuador: Volume 1: Status, 

Recommendations for acoustic recognizer performance assessment with application 
to five common automated signal recognition programs. Avian Cons. Ecol. 12 (2), 
14. 

Knight, E., Hannah, K., DeMoor, J., 2022. In the still of the night: revisiting eastern whip- 
poor-will surveys with passive acoustic monitoring. Avian Conserv. Ecol. 17 (1).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain specific information about handling randomness in a deep learning pipeline. However, some general strategies used to manage randomness include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, using techniques like cross-validation and bootstrapping to reduce variability, and employing ensemble methods to combine multiple models trained with different initializations. These approaches help mitigate the impact of random factors such as initialization weights and data shuffling during training.