Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Emmanuel, Tlamelo, Maupong, Thabiso, Mpoeleng, Dimane, Semong, Thabo, 

Mphago, Banyatsang, Tabona, Oteng, 2021. A survey on missing data in machine 
learning. J. Big Data 8 (1), 1–37. 

F¨oldi, L´aszl´o, Kuti, Rajmund, 2016. Characteristics of forest fires and their impact on the 

environment. Acad. Appl. Res. Military Public Manag. Sci. 15 (1), 5–17. 

Ganteaume, Anne, Camia, Andrea, Jappiot, Marielle, San-Miguel-Ayanz, Jesus, Long- 
Fournel, Marl`ene, Lampin, Corinne, 2013. A review of the main driving factors of 
forest fire ignition over europe. Environ. Manag. 51, 651–662. 

He, Haibo, Garcia, Edwardo A., 2009. Learning from imbalanced data. IEEE Trans. 

Knowl. Data Eng. 21 (9), 1263–1284. 

Hern´andez Encinas, A., Hern´andez Encinas, L., Hoya White, S., Martín, A., del Rey, and G 
Rodríguez S´anchez., 2007a. Simulation of forest fire fronts using cellular automata. 
Adv. Eng. Softw. 38 (6), 372–378.

However, for machine learning algorithms like backpropagation to 
be successful, a critical condition must be met: all functions involved 
must be differentiable to compute gradients accurately. As said above, 
to make the update criterion differentiable, we use the Gumbel softmax 

function.  So,  by  changing  our  update  criterion  to 

̃
Uk,  we  manage  to 

compute the gradients. 

This new data-driven architecture aims to learn the neighbourhood 
relationship Rk to improve the results of our model. In addition, learning 
the  neighbourhood  relationship  has  value  in  itself,  as  it  allows  us  to 
know and learn how the different elements of the system interact. For 
this purpose, as we can see in Fig. 13 a neural network ANN (or other 
objects) might be defined as Rk, which may take two kinds of inputs:

Despite the positive outcomes yielded by our model, we contend that 
substantial improvements could be achieved by implementing a more 
flexible and complete neighbourhood relation Rk  in terms of variables. 
For  this  reason,  in  Section  5,  we  explore  an  architecture  capable  of 
learning  such  neighbourhood  relationships  through  experience  and 
accumulated data. 

5. Intelligent cellular scheme 

In this section, we aim to present an innovative architecture that uses 
existing  data  and  historical  databases  to  generalize  the  concept  of 
neighbourhood relations. To achieve it, machine learning is a powerful 
tool, with a backpropagation algorithm (Rumelhart et al., 1986) at the 
heart of it.

used in our research. We need to distinguish between the data structures 
of the model. On the one hand, we have what we refer to as spatial in-
puts. For instance, the data extracted from Fig. 2 related to the states of 
each cell are a spatial input of dimensions 257 × 257 × 9, denoted as M 
(masks of states).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific dataset used in the deep learning pipeline, such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, there are references to some datasets used in the research. These include a survey on missing data in machine learning (Emmanuel et al., 2021) and various studies on forest fires and their environmental impacts (Földi & Kuti, 2016; Ganteaume et al., 2013). Additionally, there is a reference to a study on learning from imbalanced data (He & Garcia, 2009) and another on simulating forest fire fronts using cellular automata (Hernández Encinas et al., 2007a). It appears that the authors developed their own models and architectures based on these studies rather than relying on pre-existing datasets commonly used in deep learning pipelines.