Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table A.5 
Confusion matrix for RapidEye imagery using Random Forest. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from 
training. 

Table A.6 
Confusion matrix for Landsat imagery using Random Forest. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from 
training. 

References 

Asner, G.P., Knapp, D.E., Kennedy-Bowdoin, T., Jones, M.O., Martin, R.E., Boardman, J., 

Hughes, R.F., 2008. Invasive species detection in Hawaiian rainforests using 
airborne imaging spectroscopy and LiDAR. Remote Sens. Environ. 112, 1942–1955. 
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2007.11.016. 

Blossey, B., 1999. Before, during and after: the need for long-term monitoring in invasive 
plant species management. Biol. Invasions 1, 301–311. https://doi.org/10.1023/A: 
1010084724526.

were calculated on the 20% of the data not used for training the algo-
rithm  (approximately  720  pixels  with  50  having  Brazilian peppertree 
present). The confusion matrix was calculated and the overall, producer, 
and user accuracy are reported.

MTMI-SMF is formulated to work with imperfect data, which can be 
due to training locations having locational errors or not ideally matching 
with  image  pixels.  MTMI-SMF  groups  pixels  surrounding  a  training 
location  that  could  have  invader.  Most  other  machine  learning  algo-
rithms require a single pixel to represent a training location, which often 
leaves the user making an educated guess on which pixel best represents 
that training location. Here, we compare MTMI-SMF classification (i.e., 
confidence values with a threshold applied) to a commonly used ma-
chine learning classification approach, random forest.

the guesswork out of developing a training dataset by including a group 
of pixels around a field site and knowing that the ‘truth’ is included in 
one of those pixels. Lastly, MTMI-SMF is computationally very efficient 
compared  to  most  machine-learning  algorithms  because  it  relies  on 
simple matrix multiplication.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, I cannot determine whether they used methods such as grid search or random search for optimization.