Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The data of a certain year are used as the test set, and the remaining data are the training and
validation set. The training and validation set ia divided into ten parts using the 10-fold cross-validation
method, in which nine of the parts are used as a training set and one is used for the validation set.
The percentage of the training, validation, and testing sets is 5.4:0.6:1. The training set is the data
sample used for model ﬁtting. The validation set is a set of samples set aside separately during the
model training. It can be used to adjust the hyperparameters of the model and to conduct a preliminary
evaluation of the model’s capabilities. The testing set is used to evaluate the generalization ability of
the ﬁnal model. However, it cannot be used as a basis for algorithm-related selection such as parameter
tuning and selection of features. The mean value of the ten results is used to estimate the accuracy of

σ(x) =

1
1 + e−x

(1)

Input Data

In this paper, the input data are 40-dimensional data. Due to the large time span and large land
area in the training data, there are large diﬀerences in the distribution between diﬀerent batches of
training data in the training stage, and there is a certain distribution diﬀerence between the training set
and the test set. Therefore, batch normalization is performed on the input data, where the speciﬁc
calculation/transformation of BatchNorm (Algorithm 1) is shown below. First, the mean of each
channel in the current batch is calculated, and then, the variance of each channel in the current batch is
calculated. The mean is subtracted from the input, and the result is divided by the standard deviation
to obtain the normalized output ˆχ
i is multiplied by the scale parameter γ, and the shift
parameter β is added to obtain the ﬁnal output yi:

i; then, ˆχ

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

(3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013).
The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements,
distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units.

(4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the
Markov model are combined, and the numbers of diﬀerent LU types in 2000 after modiﬁcation by
the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1):

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The data is split into three sets for deep learning model training: training, validation, and testing sets. The specific percentages used for these sets are 5.4%, 0.6%, and 1%, respectively. The training set is used for model fitting, while the validation set is used to adjust the hyperparameters of the model and conduct a preliminary evaluation of its capabilities. The testing set is used to evaluate the final model's generalization ability but cannot be used for algorithm-related selections like parameter tuning or feature selection. In this case, the training set consists of grids with neighborhood features from six different years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013), including various features such as land use type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distances to settlements, roads, and rivers within the grid unit and four neighboring grid units. Additionally, constraint factors are considered, combining statistical data and quantities simulated through the backtracking of the Markov model to determine the number of different land use types in 2000 after being modified by simulation numbers.