Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

At the time of writing, global-scale GFW data were downloadable for 
scientific purposes for the 2012–2016 period only. GFW distributes 
◦
vessel  data  aggregated  at  0.01
resolutions  with  fishing 
activity cells already classified through a machine learning model.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

As  further  applications,  our  workflow  can  also  be  used  by  other 
systems  to  (i)  extend  current  vessel  activity  classification  processes 
through a more flexible approach that works in data-limited scenarios, 
(ii) identify bycatch species when catchability and fishing gear data are 
available, (iii) study the effects of fisheries on habitats and populations’ 
growth  when  species  distribution  and  life-history-trait  data  are  avail-
able. FAIR data and Open Science-oriented technology guarantee inte-
grating  new  data  sources  rapidly  and  reusing  the  workflow  in  other 
systems. 

2. Materials and methods 

Our  process  is  an  Open  Science  workflow  that  combines  vessel 
tracking data from satellite and AIS systems with global, high-quality, 
environmental,  biodiversity,  and  fishery  data  (Fig.  1).  The  core  pro-
cess is made up of three macro-steps:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is not explicitly stated. However, based on the available information, we can infer that the model is likely used for classification purposes. Specifically, it classifies fishing activity cells into different categories such as stocks or non-stocks. This classification is performed using a machine learning model applied to vessel data aggregated at 0.01 resolutions. Additionally, the model seems to be integrated into a larger workflow that aims to estimate fishing pressure on various marine species and their habitats.