Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Halgamuge et al. (2020) focused on utilizing deep learning to esti-
mate the best optimizer selection methods for wildfire event predictions 
in Australia. They developed an algorithm to collect the data automat-
ically and analyzed six different optimizer models using deep learning 
technology. They concluded that this approach could predict a natural 
disaster, including wildfire events, by investigating historical environ-
mental  conditions  before  and  after  wildfires  occurred  using  the  deep 
learning methodology. Dowdy (2020) focused on demonstrating a sea-
sonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia. This 
measured  spatio-temporal  variations  and  seasonality  across  several 
datasets  and  utilized  this  methodology  to  predict  wildfire  events, 
focusing on the seasonal predictions using the 2019–2020 wildfire sea-
son  as  an  example  and  measuring  long-term  predictions.  Coen  et  al.

The model defined in Section 2.2.1 induces independent normally 
distributed  prior  distributions  on  the  model  parameters.  These  priors 
can either be informative or noninformative. The exponential of each βj 
parameter,  exp(βj),  represents  the  increase  in  the  odds  of  having  a 
wildfire for each unit increase in the predictor Xj. Thus, the exponential 
of the mean of a normal prior, exp(Mj), is set to the prior information 
about the odds of having a wildfire for each unit increase in the predictor 
Xj.  The  weight  of  the  prior  information  (degree  of  belief  in  the  prior 
information) is expressed by using the variance of a normal prior, Sj. The 
lower the prior variance, the higher the weight of prior information in 
the resulting parameter estimates. In that sense, we get a noninformative 
prior for high values of Sj and vice versa. However, this approach does 
not  incorporate  the  mediating  effects  that  can  exist  between  the  pre-

To consider the model uncertainty, the models given in Fig. 15 are 
considered  as  the  set  of  models,  Ψ  of  Section  2.2.2.  Then  the  BMA 
approach is implemented. Each model’s prior probability is set to 0.2 to 
give equal chances a priori. The resulting posterior model probabilities, 
P(m| D), and Bayes factors to compare the models are given in Fig. 15. 
Bayes factors can also be interpreted as the improvement in the proba-
bility of occurrence for a given model. This analysis provides insights 
into  which  model  is  most  impactful  in  predicting wildfire  occurrence 
probabilities  and  provides  evidence  on  if  forest  vulnerability  is  the 
dominant  predictor.  The  results  indicate  forest  vulnerability  as  the 
dominant predictor, as this model is 2.5 times more likely to occur based 
on the posterior odds. The model that includes forest vulnerability with 
mean  wind  speed  is  the  second  most  likely, with  2.3  times  improved

the model parameters. For example, the β-parameter for forest vulner-
ability is moderately positively correlated with the β-parameter for the 
mean  temperature.  So,  we  a  priori  induce  that  the  impact  of  forest 
vulnerability  on  having  a  wildfire  is  moderately  positively  correlated 
with the impact of mean temperature on having a wildfire. Then, this 
reflects  the  prior  information  on  the  mediating  effects  of  the  forest 
vulnerability and the mean temperature.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not explicitly mention the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model for wildfire event predictions in Australia. Halgamuge et al. (2020) mentioned analyzing six different optimizer models using deep learning technology but did not provide details about the exact hyperparameters such as learning rates or specific optimizers like Adam, RMSprop, or others. Similarly, Dowdy (2020) discussed a seasonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia without specifying the hyperparameters used in their deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the precise hyperparameters employed in these studies from the available information.