Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

that encompasses CNN.

the dependency on data other than temperatures and improve predic-
tion ability.

2.2. Machine learning and deep learning tools 

In the present study machine learning (bootstrap forest, boosted tree) 
and deep learning (artificial neural network) models were employed to 
forecast  the  percent  disease  incidence  of  CLCuD  under  the  prevailing 
weather data on minimum, maximum and average temperature, stan-
dard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (henceforth 
mentioned  as  GDD),  minimum  relative  humidity  (RHmini.),  maximum 
relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumu-
lative rainfall (mm) and whitefly per three leaves. The weather param-
eters recorded from 2011 to 2019 at weather stations based at all four 
locations  were  used  for  calculating  the  GDD  as  per  the  following 
equations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that the authors have collected weather parameters such as minimum, maximum, and average temperature, standard meteorological week (SMW)-wise growing degree days (GDD), minimum relative humidity (RHmini.), maximum relative humidity (RHmax.), average relative humidity (RHave.), cumulative rainfall (mm), and whitefly per three leaves. These data points were likely obtained using various types of sensors or instruments installed at weather stations located at each of the four locations mentioned in Fig. 2. Additionally, the authors may have also gathered data through field observations or surveys to determine the percentage incidence of Cotton Leaf Curl Disease (CLCuD) in upland cotton crops. Nevertheless, without further clarification from the original source, this is only a speculation based on the available context.