Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(3)  As a contextual constraint, bioclimatic data (see above) was fed into the CNN with the same model and 
data configuration including Plasticity in a mixed data approach (‘Worldclim’ in Fig. 2, setup 3 in Fig. 1). 
4) We tested an Ensemble approach, in which two more state-of-the-art model architectures, namely 
 Xception51 and MobileNetV2, the latter with halved number of trainable  parameters52, were trained on the 
configuration of setup 3, and their predictions were subsequently averaged (’Ensemble’ in Fig. 2, setup 4 in 
Fig. 1). These models differed strongly in their number of trainable weights, resulting in a different depth. 
The final model performance was assessed using a 3-fold cross-validation, with three different training, 
validation and test splits. To enable a comparison of model performance across traits, the resulting mean 
absolute error (MAE) was normalised by division over the range of the target values of the respective test

Vol.:(0123456789)www.nature.com/scientificreports/Discussion
Our results suggest that certain plant functional traits can be retrieved from simple RGB photographs. The key 
for this trait retrieval are deep learning-based Convolutional Neural Networks in concert with Big Data derived 
from open and citizen science projects. Although these models are subject to some noise, there is a wealth of 
applications for this approach, such as global trait maps, monitoring of trait shifts in time and the identification 
of large-scale ecological gradients. This way, the problem of limited data that still impedes us to picture global 
 gradients7 could be alleviated by harnessing the exponentially growing iNaturalist  database16. The performance 
of the CNN models across traits varied strongly, but revealed a clear trend: As expected, the more a trait referred 
to morphological features, the more accurate the predictions were. The models of the Baseline setup explained a

Conclusion and outlook
Following the urgently needed transition of ecology towards a data-sharing scientific  discipline15,44 and the call for 
integration of powerful datasets in  ecology44, we built upon this revolution of Big Data provided by professional 
and citizen science alike. Therefore, we exploited the potential of Convolutional Neural  Networks44 to produce 
generic models generalising across all biomes and regions around the globe to extract a set of plant functional 
traits from simple RGB photographs. Thus, the burden of limited geographical coverage of trait databases might 
be lifted by the worldwide coverage of the iNaturalist plant photograph database. The traits referring to the models 
with the highest predictive performance cover the primary axes of plant form and function 13, which are plant and 
organ size (GH, LA) as well as the leaf economics spectrum (SLA). Despite of the disputable model performance

Vol.:(0123456789)www.nature.com/scientificreports/Training  process  and  hyperparameters. 
In  order  to  build  upon  a  pre-existing  knowledge  base,  we 
employed  ’transfer  learning’  by  using  pre-trained  layer  weights  (the  storage  of  the  model’s  knowledge)  from 
a classification task on a dataset on www. image- net. org38 for all CNN models used in this study. The regressor 
following the basic CNN consisted of a global average pooling layer followed by two dense layers with 512 and 1 
output units. The latter forces the CNN to output exactly one prediction (trait) value. In case of the mixed data 
model (setups (3) and (4)), the CNN consisted of parallel branches to incorporate the different input data types. 
The branch processing the bioclimatic data consisted of three dense layers with 64, 32 and 4 output units, and 
the last layer of the CNN regressor contained 4 output units. After concatenating the two branches (image and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it is not possible to determine which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The text does not provide any details about the deployment environment or cloud service provider used for running the deep learning models.