Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lies  in  exploring the  potential of  deep  learning and  machine  learning 
algorithms  for  enhancing  groundwater-climate  interactions  under-
standing and investigating the climatic hotspots implications within the 
sub-basins of the GAB region.

The GAB lends itself well as a case study area for this research, as its 
climatic conditions, although variable across its vast size, has a history 
of drought occurrences. This basin is a country-size underground aquifer 
that  lies  over  1.7  million  km2,  which  is  nearly  one-fifth  the  size  of 
Australia.  The  basin  is  geologically  complex  and  is  home  to  approxi-
mately 200,000 people, 7600 businesses and a wide variety of endemic 
flora and fauna (Habermehl, 1998; Habermehl, 2009). The hydrological 
characteristics  of  the  GAB  are  primarily  influenced  by  rainfall,  soil 
moisture,  evapotranspiration,  surface  water  discharge,  and  terrestrial 
water  storage  which  makes  it  a  perfect  case  for  this  research.  With 
diverse climatic conditions, varying from semi-arid to arid, the GAB's 
most  northern  portions  receive  substantial  tropical  seasonal  rainfall, 
while there is minimal rainfall in its middle and western regions (Fig. 1).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Identifying potential hotspots of groundwater-climate interaction in the 
Great Artesian Basin, Australia 

Pankaj R. Kaushik a, b, *, Christopher E. Ndehedehe a,b, Ikechukwu Kalu a,b, Ryan M. Burrows c, 
Mark R. Noll d, Mark J. Kennard a, b 
a Australian Rivers Institute, Griffith University, Nathan 4111, QLD, Australia 
b Griffith School of Environment & Science, Griffith University, Nathan 4111, QLD, Australia 
c School of Ecosystem and Forest Sciences, The University of Melbourne, Burnley Campus, Richmond 3121, Victoria, Australia 
d Department of Earth Sciences, State University of New York, College at Brockport, Brockport, 14420 New York, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Great Artesian Basin 
Drought 
Climate teleconnections 
Standardized precipitation evapotranspiration 
index 
Groundwater storage

data (t) =

∑n

j=1

cjsj

(1) 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023545P.R. Kaushik et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models mentioned in the research. Therefore, without additional details or access to the full text of the article, it cannot be determined which frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or others were utilized in building their deep learning models.