Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Matej Buzinkai: Conceptualisation, Writing – original draft, Writing 
–  review  &  editing,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis,  Visualisation,  Su-
pervision. Marko Radeta: Conceptualisation, Methodology, Software, 
Data curation,  Resources, Supervision.  Claudio  Rodrigues: Software, 
Data curation. Francisco Silva: Software, Data curation. Ruben Frei-
tas: Software, Data curation. Sahar Chebaane: Methodology, Investi-
gation,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Paola  Parretti:  Methodology, 
Investigation, Visualisation, Data curation, Writing – review & editing. 
Susanne  Sch¨afer:  Methodology,  Conceptualisation,  Investigation, 
Writing – review & editing. Rodrigo Silva: Methodology, Investigation. 
Francesca  Gizzi:  Methodology,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Silvia 
Almeida: Formal analysis, Resources. Sonia K.M. Gueroun: Method-
ology,  Investigation,  Visualisation,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Jo˜ao

Schaefer reports financial support was provided by Regional Agency for 
the Development of Research Technology and Innovation. Rodrigo Silva 
reports  financial  support  was  provided  by  Regional  Agency  for  the 
Development of Research Technology and Innovation. Francesca Gizzi 
reports  financial  support  was  provided  by  Regional  Agency  for  the 
Development  of  Research  Technology  and  Innovation.  Silvia  Almeida 
reports financial support was provided by Foundation for Science and 
Technology. Sonia KM Gueroun reports financial support was provided

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Crowdsourcing biodiversity data from recreational SCUBA divers using 
Dive Reporter 

Matej Buzinkai a, *, Marko Radeta a,b,c, Claudio Rodrigues a, b, Francisco Silva a, b, 
Ruben Freitas a, b, Sahar Chebaane a, Paola Parretti a, Susanne Sch¨afer a, Rodrigo Silva a, 
Francesca Gizzi a, Silvia Almeida a, Sonia K.M. Gueroun a, Jo˜ao Canning-Clode a, d, Jo˜ao 
Gama Monteiro a, e 
a MARE – Marine and Environmental Sciences Centre / ARNET - Aquatic Research Network, Agˆencia Regional para o Desenvolvimento da Investigaç˜ao Tecnologia e 
Inovaç˜ao (ARDITI), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal 
b Wave Labs, Faculty of Exact Sciences and Engineering, University of Madeira, Portugal 
c Department of Astronomy, Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
d Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, USA 
e Faculty of Life Sciences, Universidade da Madeira, Portugal

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information on which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning model. The authors mention the use of software but do not specify the type or name of any particular deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which frameworks were used based solely on this excerpt.