Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024336A. Montaghi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

library allows the user to query the NASA service to discover all products 
available  for  a  given  reference  date.  This  is  done  by  the  availa-
ble_products_by_date() method, which returns the list of all products along 
with their availability. This allows users to optimize the pipeline for data 
download by limiting requests to available products.

Listing 6. Snippet of nasawebservice package.

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

The  wrapper  methods  implemented  in  the  library  are  products(), 
bands(),  dates(),  and  subsets().  The  products  method  (default:  sensor  =
Sensors.ALL and tool = Tools.ALL) returns a list of available products for 
all sensors. The bands and dates methods return the list of all available 
bands and the list of all available dates for each product, respectively. 
These methods allow the users to explore the NASA data archive and 
plan an efficient data ingestion. More specifically, Listings 1 and 2 show 
two  examples  of  nasawebservice  code  to  retrieve  the  list  of  products 
available,  the  list  of  bands  available  for  a  given  product  (e.g.,  Terra 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024333A. Montaghi et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided information, there is no mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is located. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without further details, it cannot be determined with certainty.