Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Currently, this approach is hampered by the lack of a dataset comprising plant photographs with matching 
trait measurements that cover the global plant functional spectrum. In recent years, however, global data initia-
tives and citizen science projects have emerged as a strongly growing data source, which builds upon the collec-
tive effort of the scientific  community14,15. Consequently, we employ a weakly supervised learning approach that 
combines the independent data sources of (1) the iNaturalist database providing a worldwide record of millions 
of plant photographs including taxa and  geolocations16 and (2) the TRY database containing more than 11 mil-
lion trait measurements across more than 270,000  taxa7.

Vol.:(0123456789)www.nature.com/scientificreports/Discussion
Our results suggest that certain plant functional traits can be retrieved from simple RGB photographs. The key 
for this trait retrieval are deep learning-based Convolutional Neural Networks in concert with Big Data derived 
from open and citizen science projects. Although these models are subject to some noise, there is a wealth of 
applications for this approach, such as global trait maps, monitoring of trait shifts in time and the identification 
of large-scale ecological gradients. This way, the problem of limited data that still impedes us to picture global 
 gradients7 could be alleviated by harnessing the exponentially growing iNaturalist  database16. The performance 
of the CNN models across traits varied strongly, but revealed a clear trend: As expected, the more a trait referred 
to morphological features, the more accurate the predictions were. The models of the Baseline setup explained a

Conclusion and outlook
Following the urgently needed transition of ecology towards a data-sharing scientific  discipline15,44 and the call for 
integration of powerful datasets in  ecology44, we built upon this revolution of Big Data provided by professional 
and citizen science alike. Therefore, we exploited the potential of Convolutional Neural  Networks44 to produce 
generic models generalising across all biomes and regions around the globe to extract a set of plant functional 
traits from simple RGB photographs. Thus, the burden of limited geographical coverage of trait databases might 
be lifted by the worldwide coverage of the iNaturalist plant photograph database. The traits referring to the models 
with the highest predictive performance cover the primary axes of plant form and function 13, which are plant and 
organ size (GH, LA) as well as the leaf economics spectrum (SLA). Despite of the disputable model performance

Vol.:(0123456789)www.nature.com/scientificreports/Training  process  and  hyperparameters. 
In  order  to  build  upon  a  pre-existing  knowledge  base,  we 
employed  ’transfer  learning’  by  using  pre-trained  layer  weights  (the  storage  of  the  model’s  knowledge)  from 
a classification task on a dataset on www. image- net. org38 for all CNN models used in this study. The regressor 
following the basic CNN consisted of a global average pooling layer followed by two dense layers with 512 and 1 
output units. The latter forces the CNN to output exactly one prediction (trait) value. In case of the mixed data 
model (setups (3) and (4)), the CNN consisted of parallel branches to incorporate the different input data types. 
The branch processing the bioclimatic data consisted of three dense layers with 64, 32 and 4 output units, and 
the last layer of the CNN regressor contained 4 output units. After concatenating the two branches (image and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions the use of the iNaturalist database and the TRY database. The iNaturalist database provides a worldwide record of millions of plant photographs including taxa and geolocations, while the TRY database contains more than 11 million trait measurements across more than 270,000 taxa. It would be best to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly to find out about the availability of their deep learning pipeline's data repository.