Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Forecasting ecological water demand of an arid oasis under a drying
climate scenario based on deep learning methods

Xu-dong Wang a, Hao-jie Xu a,b,*, Yan-xia Pan c, Xue-mei Yang d
a State Key Laboratory of Herbage Improvement and Grassland Agro-ecosystems; Key Laboratory of Grassland Livestock Industry Innovation, Ministry of Agriculture and
Rural Affairs; Engineering Research Center of Grassland Industry, Ministry of Education; College of Pastoral Agriculture Science and Technology, Lanzhou University,
Lanzhou 730020, China
b Center for Remote Sensing of Ecological Environments in Cold and Arid Regions, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou 730000, China
c Northwest Institute of Eco-Environment and Resources, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou 730000, China
d Tourism School, Lanzhou University of Arts and Science, Lanzhou 730000, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

|N|!

[f(S ∪ i) (cid:0)

f(S) ]

(14)

Where Φi is the SHAP value of feature i. The larger the SHAP value,
the greater contribution of the feature to the prediction; S is the set of
features; (S ⊆ N\i)denotes the subset that excludes feature i; N is the set
of all features; f is the prediction function of the model; f(S) is the pre-
diction result of the model on the set of features S; |S| denotes the
number of elements in set S.

2.4. Scenario analysis of oasis NDVI

2.3.3. LSTM model

The LSTM model is a type of machine learning model that is derived
from recurrent neural networks (RNN). Its special memory unit effec-
tively addresses the issue of gradient vanishing and explosion in RNN for
long-term sequences. The structure of the model is illustrated in Fig. 3.
The LSTM memory unit comprises a forget gate, input gate, output gate,
and hidden layer. Signals are transmitted between different units
through three control gates in the hidden layer, determining which in-
formation should be stored, read, and written. Because of the precise
control of information by gate structures, LSTM can effectively learn in
long time sequences and is well-suited for time series prediction.

Fig. 3. Structure of the long- and short-term memory model neural network.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027215X.-d. Wang et al.

2.3.4. Bayesian optimization

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the paper uses Bayesian Optimization as part of its deep learning pipeline. However, there is no mention of other optimization techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, we cannot definitively state whether these techniques were used in this study.

Bayesian Optimization is a sequential design strategy for global optimization of black-box functions that doesn't require derivatives. It works by constructing a posterior distribution of functions (Gaussian Process) that best describes the observed data, which is then used to select the next query point. This technique has been shown to perform well in practice and is particularly useful when the function evaluations are expensive.

In summary, while we do not have explicit confirmation that SGD or Adam were used in this study, we do know that Bayesian Optimization was employed as part of their deep learning pipeline.