Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3.1. Data description

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026959J. Hu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

the CNN-LSTM Zhang et al. (2022), our model achieves a 98.27% MAE 
improvement and an 87.80% RMSE reduction. The residual distribution 
produced by our model displays fewer outliers, hinting at its superiority 
in  terms  of  handling  extreme  situations.  In  contrast,  the  presence  of 
outliers  in  the  residual  distribution  yielded  by  CNN-LSTM  reveals  its 
inadequacy  in  addressing  specific  extreme  scenarios.Compared  with 
those of DLinear Zeng et al. (2023), our model achieves an 85.58% MAE 
improvement and a 62.05% RMSE reduction. The residual distribution

With the advancement of research, many scholars are increasingly 
employing  deep  learning  multivariate  data-driven  modeling  ap-
proaches.  These  models  can  more  effectively  capture  the  interactions 
between  variables,  providing  more  accurate  predictions  Bzdok  et  al. 
(2017). To reduce the workload of hyperparameter tuning, Satish et al. 
(2024)  proposed  a  meta-model  combining  climate  and  geospatial  in-
formation  for  causal  prediction  of  water  quality  parameters.  In  the 
modeling  of  water  quality  parameters,  Heddam  et  al.  (2023)  used  a 
wavelet transform and MODWT to denoise water quality parameters and 
capture their nonlinear characteristics, while Liu et al. (2021) utilized 
the empirical wavelet transform method to adaptively decompose water 
quality parameters into subsequences. To enhance the prediction accu-
racy, Guo et al. (2022) proposed a hybrid prediction model based on

4.2. Experimental setup 

During the training phase, to accommodate multivariate input and 
univariate output, the input and output dimensions of the encoder and 
decoder  are set  to the  number of variables  in the  dataset. The model 
dimensionality  is  set  to  128  to  achieve  a  balance  between  model 
complexity  and  computational  efficiency.  Additionally,  the  model  in-
tegrates 8 attention heads to enhance its ability to process parallel in-
formation flows. The model architecture includes two layers of encoders 
and one layer of decoders, which help to comprehensively capture fea-
tures from time series data. To reduce the risk of overfitting, a dropout 

4.3.2. Results for the Shandong peninsula

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether it was deployed using AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform.