Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Zhu, M., He, Y., He, Q., 2019. A review of researches on deep learning in remote sensing 
application. Int. J. Geosci. 10, 1–11. https://doi.org/10.4236/ijg.2019.101001. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10233319

Sustainable natural resources management relies on effective and timely assessment of conservation and land 
management practices. Using satellite imagery for Earth observation has become essential for monitoring land 
cover/land use (LCLU) changes and identifying critical areas for conserving biodiversity. Remote Sensing (RS) 
datasets  are  often  quite  large  and require  tremendous  computing power  to  process.  The  emergence  of  cloud- 
based  computing  techniques  presents  a  powerful  avenue  to  overcome  computing  limitations  by  allowing 
machine-learning algorithms to process and analyze large RS datasets on the cloud. Our study aimed to classify 
LCLU for the Talassemtane National Park (TNP) using a Deep Neural Network (DNN) model incorporating five 
spectral indices to differentiate six land use classes using Sentinel-2 satellite imagery. Optimization of the DNN

centro-occidental, Maroc). Forˆet m´editerran´eenne. 

Boutahir, M.K., Farhaoui, Y., Azrour, M., 2022. Machine learning and deep learning 

applications for solar radiation predictions review: morocco as a case of study. In: 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10233316A. Azedou et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Digital economy, business analytics, and big data analytics applications. Springer 
International Publishing, Cham, pp. 55–67. 

Brown, C.F., Brumby, S.P., Guzder-Williams, B., Birch, T., Hyde, S.B., Mazzariello, J., 
Tait, A.M., 2022. Dynamic World, Near real-time global 10 m land use land cover 
mapping. Scientific Data 9 (1), 251.

The  points  were  randomized  and  divided  into  training  (80%)  and 
validation  (20%)  sets.  A  15  m  buffer  was  applied  around  all  sample 
points  to  ensure  independence  between  the  datasets  (Fig.  4).  The 
reference points were then exported to the cloud for model training and 
validation. 

2.4. Indexes calculation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention or reference to any specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this research. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query. However, it might be helpful to refer back to the original source or contact the authors directly if more detailed information about their work is needed.