Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

2.6. Machine learning models

with the full dataset where significantly higher values for all evaluation
measurements (RMSE, MSE, MAE and R2) were observed. Addionally,
the three models (ANFIS, ANN, and SVM) performed similar evalution
measurements when were trained using the BTS, which also prove that
the selection of most representative and variable scenarios for training is
effective to improve machine learning models performance.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026559A.F. del Castillo et al.

but using a similar number of inputs, resulting in similar model effi-
ciency. Intelligent models based on extreme learning machine were
proposed to predict WQI at the Kinta River basin using seven WQPs as
inputs, obtaining a RMSE = 3.606 for training and RMSE = 3.816 for
testing (Abba et al., 2020). The efficiency of the machine learning
models developed in this research can be attributed to the precise data
selection for model training using clusters and time series analysis.

5. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. However, it mentions that three different machine learning models were used - Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS), Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), and Support Vector Machines (SVM). These models were trained using a subset of the full dataset, selected through clustering and time series analysis, which resulted in improved performance compared to using the entire dataset. Additionally, the study compares these results with other studies that have used similar input variables but obtained lower accuracy.