Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Gallwey, Jane, Robiati, Carlo, Coggan, John, Vogt, Declan, Eyre, Matthew, 2020. 
A Sentinel-2 based multispectral convolutional neural network for detecting 
artisanal small-scale mining in Ghana: applying deep learning to shallow mining. 
Remote Sens. Environ. 248, 111970 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2020.111970. 
Girardin, C´ecile A.J., Malhi, Yadvinder, Doughty, Christopher E., Metcalfe, Daniel B., 
Meir, Patrick, del Aguila-Pasquel, Jhon, Araujo-Murakami, Alejandro, et al., 2016. 
Seasonal trends of Amazonian rainforest phenology, net primary productivity, and 
carbon allocation: seasonal trends of Amazonian forests. Glob. Biogeochem. Cycles 
30 (5), 700–715. https://doi.org/10.1002/2015GB005270. 

Gorelick, Noel, Hancher, Matt, Dixon, Mike, Ilyushchenko, Simon, Thau, David, 

Moore, Rebecca, 2017. Google Earth engine: planetary-scale geospatial analysis for 
everyone. Remote Sens. Environ. 202, 18–27. https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
rse.2017.06.031.

18. Select Mining Pixels Above 3 pixel sizes (PROCESS) - In order to remove the influence of isolated, small, misclassified pixels (that are usually 
1–2 pixels in size), the minimum size of a mine for this step of the model was deemed as 3 pixels in size (or > 2700 m2 in a Landsat Image). It is a 
common occurrence in LULC classification maps, especially those done on a large scale, to contain isolated, misclassified individual pixels. Therefore, 
only mines above 2700 m2 were selected, removing the influence of small, misclassified pixels on the reclassification of water bodies to ensure the 
most accurate result could be achieved.

There were five LULC classes in the study area: mines, water, forest, 
urban areas, and bare soil. Due to the vast and remote study area, it was 
not  feasible  to  collect  training  or  validation  data  through  fieldwork. 
Landsat images, along with the cluster classification maps were used to 
collect training data. Locations for training sites were chosen by using 
(a) the previously created Landsat image collection as a basemap, (b) the 
previously  created  cloud  mask,  to  avoid  cloud-covered  areas  when 
selecting training  sites,  and (c) the  previously created cluster classifi-
cation map as a further guide for class selection. Seventy training sites in 
the form of points (each point represents one pixel on the map) were 
selected for each of the five classes, making up a total of 350 points per 
image.  The  points  were  selected  using  a  stratified  (by  class)  random 
sampling approach and were distributed across the entire study area.

2.2. Data and platforms 

The initial LULC classification was done using Google Earth Engine 
(GEE),  a  cloud  processing  platform  which  provides  a  public  catalog 
containing  petabytes  of  satellite  imagery  and  geospatial  datasets, 
allowing for high performance and rapid planetary scale processing and 
analysis  of  images.  The  platform  allows  for  access,  selection,  and 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024422Y. Quash et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 1. Location of the study area and the three subareas of particular interest.  

processing of satellite images in seconds to minutes, compared to hours 
it would take using other conventional non-cloud databases (Gorelick 
et al., 2017).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. However, it mentions that the initial LULC classification was done using Google Earth Engine (GEE), a cloud processing platform that enables high-performance and rapid planetary-scale processing and analysis of images. This suggests that the computational workload might have been handled by GEE's infrastructure, but no explicit details regarding the use of GPUs, TPUs, or any other specific hardware resources are mentioned.