Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

scales associated with data collection (Zizka et al., 2020). Due to these 
disparities,  scholars  recommend  a  thorough  examination  and  refine-
ment  of  these  data  repositories  (Bonnet-Lebrunm  et  al.,  2023).  To 
enhance the quality and reliability of the information, a comprehensive 
series  of  filters  has  been  systematically  applied  to  our  analysis.  To 
minimize errors associated with the public usage of GBIF and OBIS re-
positories,  we  curated  the  dataset  following  Zizka  et  al.  (2020)  and 
filtered the dataset by the columns labeled “scientific name”, “family”, 
“year”, “longitude” and “latitude”. We retained all taxonomic informa-
tion down to the species level and removed records with NA in these 
columns. We also removed all duplicate records with identical latitude

While  still  short  of  having  a  robust  and  standardized  biodiversity 
infrastructure (Heberling et al., 2021), there is great diversity of online 
repositories with taxonomic information and species occurrences data. 
Among  the most  important databases  hosting marine information are 
FishBase,  a  platform  that  hosts  information  on  the  taxonomy  of  fish, 
their ecology, trophic information, habitat, and history of uses dating 
back to more than 250 years (Froese and Pauly, 2000); and the Global 
Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF), a platform that stores and al-
lows for the free access to species occurrence records from around the 
world.  GBIF  is  currently  one  of  the  repositories  hosting  the  largest 
amount of such data in the world (GBIF: The Global Biodiversity Infor-
mation Facility, 2021; Telenius, 2011); and finally Ocean Biodiversity 
Information System (OBIS), which houses data on the occurrence and

Data will be made available on request.  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024038V. Pizarro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Appendix A. The database 

Table A.1 below shows the data loss for each criterion that we have used to clean our database. We downloaded 71,670,596 records from GBIF and 

OBIS. Only 820,004 records were useful for our analyses.  

Table A.1 
Criteria for filtering occurrence data from GBIF and OBIS using bioregions.  

Database state 

Number of records 

Origial records from GBIF and OBIS 
Data curation (following Zizka et al. (2020)) 
Taxonomically filtered data 
Deletion of data outside the native range 

71,670,596 
5,380,439 
5,007,322 
820,004

Recently, however, a large number of online repositories have emerged, which catalogue, store and distribute 
biodiversity  information,  including  taxonomic  and  species  occurrence  data.  FishBase,  the  Global  Biodiversity 
Information  Facility  (GBIF)  and  the  Ocean  Biodiversity  Information  System  (OBIS)  are  part  of  these  publicly 
available  repositories  representing  a  variety  of  sources  that  have  exploded  in  number.  However,  despite  the 
incredible accumulation of biodiversity records, not all the information is actually useful, nor does it represent 
any new knowledge regarding global species richness patterns.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific links to any data repository related to the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions two major data repositories, namely the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) and the Ocean Biodiversity Information System (OBIS). These platforms host vast amounts of species occurrence records from around the world. It is mentioned that the authors followed Zizka et al.'s (2020) methodology to curate their dataset, but no direct link to this dataset or its repository is given. Furthermore, the text states that the data will be made available upon request, suggesting that the dataset might not yet be openly accessible through a public repository. Therefore, without additional information, I cannot provide a specific link to the deep learning pipeline's data repository.