Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Scaling hypotheses

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bootstrapping 
Generalised linear model 
Machine learning 
Multi-scale 
Random forest 
Species distribution modelling

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Not seeing the forest for the trees: Generalised linear model out-performs 
random forest in species distribution modelling for Southeast Asian felids 

˙
Zaneta Kaszta a, Eric Ash a, b,

Species Distribution Models (SDMs) are a powerful tool to derive habitat suitability predictions relating species 
occurrence data with habitat features. Two of the most frequently applied algorithms to model species-habitat 
relationships  are  Generalised  Linear  Models  (GLM)  and  Random  Forest  (RF).  The  former  is  a  parametric 
regression model providing functional models with direct interpretability. The latter is a machine learning non- 
parametric algorithm, more tolerant than other approaches in its assumptions, which has often been shown to 
outperform parametric algorithms. Other approaches have been developed to produce robust SDMs, like training 
data bootstrapping and spatial scale optimisation. Using felid presence-absence data from three study regions in 
Southeast  Asia  (mainland,  Borneo  and  Sumatra),  we  tested  the  performances  of  SDMs  by  implementing  four

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide specific information on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions two common methods for hyperparameter optimization: grid search and random search. Grid search involves testing all possible combinations of hyperparameters within a predefined range, while random search randomly selects combinations of hyperparameters to test. Both methods can be used to find the optimal set of hyperparameters for a given model. It should also be noted that there are many other methods for hyperparameter optimization, such as Bayesian optimization and evolutionary algorithms. Without further information, it cannot be determined which method was used in this particular study.