Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As stated in the Introduction, there exist many different CNNs for different applications, and it is
important to ﬁnd the appropriate solution for a speciﬁc task. Retraining existing powerful architectures
such as VGG19 [27], ResNet, or Inception Net to solve other problems by transfer learning is one
approach that is often used. However, this was not an option in our four-band setting and very
particular segmentation task with features that might differ signiﬁcantly from features learned by
networks trained on common image datasets such as ImageNet. Thus, we opted to implement a U-Net
architecture, which is a particular implementation of a CNN ﬁrst developed by Ronneberger [19] for
biomedical image segmentation. One major advantage of CNNs is the ability to extract spatial features
and to detect patterns independently of their position on the input image. The U-Net architecture is

Figure 2. Flowchart showing the analytical workﬂow of the study.

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1976

5 of 14

Figure 3. (A) Example of a tile; (B) corresponding label (black: non-damaged, white: damaged).

2.3. CNN Architecture

2.5.1. Encoding Path

The encoding path of our network was composed of three encoding blocks; each block was
composed of a convolutional layer with a ﬁlter of size (3, 3) and a ReLU activation function [32] ,
a dropout layer to force each neuron to learn more than only one feature, a second convolutional layer
followed by ReLU activation, and a max pooling layer with the size (2,2), which replaced each 2 × 2
region on the feature map by the region’s maximum value and thus decreased the size of the feature
map by keeping only the highest values.

2.5.2. Decoding Path

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1976

8 of 14

2.6. Comparison to a Support Vector Machine Classiﬁer and a Random Forest Algorithm

To better understand the performance of the CNN, comparisons with pixel-wise classiﬁcations
based on an SVM and an RF classiﬁer were carried out using the 4 spectral bands of the orthophotos
(see Section 2.1) as predictors. Due to computational reasons, it was not possible to utilize the entire
original training dataset (as used for the CNN) for the SVM and the RF classiﬁer. Thus, we used a
subsample of 10,000 randomly-selected pixels for the training phase of both classiﬁers. These pixels
were representative for the data space. Note that both classiﬁers used a pixel-based approach while the
CNN was extracting features and thus considered the spatial correlation between neighboring pixels.
For the SVM classiﬁer, the radial basis function kernel (RBF) was applied. The RF classiﬁer was run
with a maximum tree depth of 5 and 100 estimators (i.e., decision trees).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the authors have implemented a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) called U-Net for biomedical image segmentation. This specific implementation of CNN was first introduced by Ronneberger et al. [19]. The U-Net architecture consists of two main paths - an encoding path and a decoding path. The encoding path is responsible for capturing the contextual information, while the decoding path enables precise localization. Each encoding block within the encoding path contains a convolutional layer with a filter size of (3, 3), followed by a Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) activation function, a dropout layer, another convolutional layer with ReLU activation, and finally a max pooling layer with a size of (2, 2). The decoding path mirrors the structure of the encoding path but replaces the max pooling layers with upsampling layers. Therefore, the deep learning model used in the pipeline is a CNN, specifically the U-Net architecture.