Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ran in approximately 1.2 min for our experiments on the CPU, whilst 
softmax  took  12  min  on  the  GPU  to  complete  the  same  task.  So, 
although, softmax can accomplish our classification task, our proposed 
method has advantages.

easy to train with reduced complexity, even though they have deeper 
layers than CNN models, because of the presence of skip connections 
between the input and output of each block (He et al., 2016). ResNet has 
different variants with a variety of convolution layers. We trialled three 
depths, ResNet-18, (cid:0) 50 and (cid:0) 101, and compared their training times 
and validation accuracies. They behaved similarly but ResNet-50 had a 
marginally  higher  validation  accuracy  (Section  3.1.1)  leading  us  to 
choose it for feature extraction.

and computational expense. We used the extracted background features 
generated in our previous step to train an SVM model with 5-fold cross 
validation.  The  training and  validation  of  our  classifier  was  run  on  a 
basic  laptop  using  its  CPU  (Intel(R)  Core(TM)  i7-9850H,  CPU  clock 
speed = 2.60 GHz).

We tested the performance of pre-trained ResNet-18/50/101 models 
by  training  each  with  the  same  500  honey  bee  images.  This  dataset 
contained 250 images of natural backgrounds and 250 anthropogenic 
backgrounds as determined by the manual algorithm. The training times 
for  all  three  models  were  similar,  with  ResNet-50  being  marginally 
faster. A pre-trained ResNet-50 CNN model was therefore selected for 
our study, and the last layer before its classification layer was used to 
extract 1000 features for training our classifier model. These features are 
visualised in Fig. 7 using a t-SNE algorithm (Maaten et al., 2008). This is 
a  non-linear  dimensionality  reduction  method  for  visualising  high- 
dimensional data by providing each data-point a location in 2-D or 3- 
D space. In this case it shows that our two classes, natural and anthro-
pogenic microhabitats, are well structured (see Table 1). 

3.1.2. Results of classifier model training and validation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly state which specific hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the softmax function took 12 minutes on the GPU to complete the same task as the proposed method, which ran in approximately 1.2 minutes on the CPU. This suggests that both CPUs and GPUs were utilized during the experimentation process. Additionally, the training and validation of the classifier were run on a basic laptop using its CPU (Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-9850H, CPU clock speed = 2.60 GHz), indicating that CPUs were also employed for these tasks. Unfortunately, there is no mention of any other specialized hardware such as TPUs being used.