Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Some of the state-of-the-art techniques 
for  handling  big  datasets,  such  as  deep  learning  and  convolutional 
neural networks (Stowell, 2022; Stowell et al., 2019), can be difficult to 
run for ornithologists, managers, and researchers without bioacoustics 
or  engineering  backgrounds.  However,  user-friendly  and  ready-to-use 
machine  learning  approaches  have  recently  been  developed  and  are 
increasingly accessible to respond to real-life monitoring challenges and 
the general public (Cole et al., 2022). Among these approaches is Bird-
NET, a research project between The Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the 
Chemnitz University of Technology. BirdNET facilitates the automated 
detection and classification of bird vocalizations, through a developed 
deep neural network, from sound recordings (Kahl et al., 2021). Bird-
NET is able to identify over 3000 bird species (Wood et al., 2021) and is

In this paper, we used passive acoustic monitoring in a threatened, 
aquatic,  and  nocturnal  cryptic  bird  species  using  low-cost  ARUs  and 
ready-to-use machine learning approaches for automated bird detection 
to:  i)  estimate  the  percentage  of  Eurasian  bittern  (Botaurus  stellaris) 
vocalizations  (and  presences)  automatically  detected  by  BirdNET  and 
Kaleidoscope Pro, to ii) evaluate the distance at which the open-source 
and low-cost AudioMoth recorder is able to detect Eurasian bittern vo-
calizations, and iii) apply PAM coupled with automated signal recog-
nition  to  a  real-world  monitoring  situation,  aiming  to  detect  the 
presence  of  the  Eurasian  bittern  in  potential  wetlands  of  seemingly 
appropriate habitat. Finally, we also aimed to iv) assess the effectiveness 
of the proposed technique when compared to traditional field surveys 
for detecting the species presence. We expect that the evaluation of real

identify which of the candidate sounds are vocalizations of the desired 
species (e.g. Rycyk et al., 2022).

recognizers,  thus  cannot  be  used  for  detecting  species  not  already 
included  in  BirdNET,  and  has  limited  performance  for  detecting  and 
correctly identifying rare species (Arif et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model mentioned in the text. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware were utilized during the training process.