Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Alibhai  et  al.,  2023)  further  simplifies  the  approach,  increasing  effi-
ciency in the FIT process by requiring fewer landmark points, and also 
making it easier to employ on tracks of varying quality that may lack 
edge definition.

To identify variables with the greatest potential to discriminate be-
tween classes of objects (e.g., species or fisher sex) we used a predictor 
screening analysis that uses bootstrap forest partitioning to evaluate the 
contribution  of  predictors  on  the  response  object.  For  each  response 
object  we  employed  predictor  screening  using  1000  decision  trees  to 
evaluate all 124 potential FIT metrics. We then used the top predictor 
variables to evaluate the dataset for two potential sources of bias, 1) the 
use of mirrored right front tracks instead of only left front tracks (foot 
position  bias)  and  2)  the  potential  for  bias  between  observers  when 
manually  marking  the  landmark  points  in  the  FIT  interface (observer 
bias) which is a somewhat subjective process. Foot position (left-front or 
right-front) of each track was recorded for each track during the feature 
extraction  process.  To  evaluate  observer  bias  we  had  3  different  ob-

Table 1 
Sample sizes for training, test, and validation groups for discriminant analysis of 
species and sex.   

Species Discrimination 

Fisher Sex Discrimination  

Marten 
Tracks 

Fisher 
Tracks 

Training 
Validation 
Test 
Total 

82 
43 
42 
167 

184 
92 
91 
367 

Individuals 
Total (Male/ 
Female) 

29 (17/12) 
19 (9/10) 
15 (7/8) 
63 (33/30) 

Tracks 
Total (Male/ 
Female) 

169 (72/97) 
99 (55/44) 
99 (50/49) 
367 (177/190)  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024315J.M. Tucker et al.

We  used  a  stepwise  variable  selection  procedure  with  the  p-value 
serving as the decisive factor (threshold of 0.05) to select the variables 
that had the best discriminating power based on their F-ratios. We used 
linear  discriminant  analysis  to  generate  a  discrimination  line  (2  vari-
ables) or hyperplane (>3 variables) depending on the number of vari-
ables  in  the  resulting  model  to  classify  species  or  sex.  To  quantify 
uncertainty  in  classification,  we  then  generated  bands  of  uncertainty 
around  this  discrimination  hyperplane.  We  assigned  values  that  fall 
within these bands a probability value (p) indicating a level of certainty 
about the classification using a logistic regression model, as in Eq. (1) 

p =

1
1 + e(cid:0) 1

2 f ( x)

(1)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about any specific optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam), etc. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this query based on the given context.

Based on the provided context, Alibhai et al. (2023) have developed a more efficient method for the Feature Identification Technique (FIT) process, which requires fewer landmark points and can be applied to tracks of varying quality. They use a predictor screening analysis with bootstrap forest partitioning to determine the most important features from 124 potential FIT metrics. This analysis employs 1000 decision trees to evaluate the contribution of each predictor on the response object.

The researchers then use the selected top predictor variables to assess the dataset for potential biases related to foot position (using either left-front or right-front tracks) and observer bias (differences among multiple observers manually marking landmark points). A stepwise variable selection procedure with a threshold p-value of 0.05 is utilized to choose the variables with the highest discriminating power. Linear discriminant analysis is performed to create a discrimination line or hyperplane, depending on the number of variables included in the final model, to classify species or sex. Uncertainty in classification is measured by generating bands of uncertainty around the discrimination hyperplane and assigning probabilities to values within these bands using a logistic regression model.

However, there is no mention of any specific optimization techniques like SGD or Adam being used in the deep learning pipeline.