Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

that encompasses CNN.

Nowadays, machine learning and the artificial neural network (ANN) 
computational technique are emerging tools which has put forth a va-
riety  of  remarkable  advancements  in  algorithms  and  processing  tech-
niques. These techniques have been capable of developing models for 
accurate  prediction  utilizing  correlation  patterns  between  input  and 
output datasets, and have been utilized to solve problems in biological 
sciences  (Haykin,  1994;  Kolay  and  Baser,  2014;  Lashkarblooki  et  al., 
2012; Tufail et al., 2008; Yilmaz and Kaynar, 2011). Some researchers 
have  used  image  analysis  with  machine  learning  (ML),  deep  learning 
(DL) and model combination (MC) techniques to identify, monitor and 
estimate plant disease severity under field conditions (Alves et al., 2022; 
Mzoughi  and  Yahiaoui,  2023;  Singh  et  al.,  2022,  2023).  Moreover, 
Revathi and Hemalatha (2014) and Caldeira et al. (2021) have used ML

◦

Fig.  1. Illustration  of  major  deep  learning  (DL)  methods  for  prediction  of 
CLCuD in upland cotton. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026484S.K. Sain et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 2. SMW-wise percent CLCuD percent incidence in the four locations of the north-western Zone. A. Faridkot, b. Sriganganagar, c. Sirsa, d. Hisar.  

3.5. Multi-layer perceptron (MLP): artificial neural network 

training  = 0.80 and R2

project on cotton, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. 

Khamparia, A., Saini, G., Gupta, D., Khanna, A., Tiwari, S., de Albuquerque, V.H.C., 

2020. Seasonal crops disease prediction and classification using deep convolutional 
encoder network. Circ. Sys. Sig. Proc. 39, 818–836. 

Khan, M.A., Mirza, J.H., Ahmad, S., 1998. To cotton leaf curl virus disease development. 

Pakistan J. Phytopath. 10, 5–8. 

Khan, J., Bashir, Z., Ahmad, A., Tariq, W., Yousaf, A., Gohar, M., 2015. Mathematical 

Begomovirus of cotton leaf curl virus with respect to environmental factors. Eur. J. 
Microbio. Immuno. 5, 172–176. 

Kolay, E., Baser, T., 2014. Estimating of the dry unit weight of compacted soils using 
general linear model and multi-layer perceptron neural networks. Appl. Soft 
Comput. 18, 223–231. 

Kranthi, K.R., 2015. Whitefly—the black story. In: Cotton Statistics and News. No. 23. 
Cotton Association of India, 23rd  issue. http://www.caionline.in/site/publications.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred from the context that one of the applications of deep learning is in image analysis for identifying, monitoring, and estimating plant disease severity under field conditions. This suggests that images might be one of the data formats used in this particular application of deep learning. Additionally, the mention of multi-layer perceptron (MLP) neural networks implies that structured data such as CSV files could also potentially be used in other deep learning pipelines. Nevertheless, without more specific details, it cannot be definitively stated what exact data formats are being used in the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the context.