Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020803A. Adde et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 2. Relative representation of the covariate categories selected for the 50 species under each of the three main covariate selection procedures (“embedded”, 
“filter”, and “random”). Each section represents the percentage of the ratio between the count of selected covariates from a given category and the overall number of 
covariates available in this category. See Supplementary material 2: Table S2 for details on covariate data. 

Switzerland. 

3. Performance demonstration

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020805A. Adde et al.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Too many candidates: Embedded covariate selection procedure for species 
distribution modelling with the covsel R package

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I am sorry, but based on the provided information, there is no mention of a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository link. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.