Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Many 2D CNNs use well-labeled training and validation data from 
the study domain intended to optimize weights in existing image-based 
architectures (e.g., ResNet, VGGish, MobileNet), i.e., transfer learning. 
These data are usually hard to acquire and thus have low sample sizes. 
This often leads to the use of larger labeled data from outside the study 
domain.  Recent  BirdCLEF  competitions  use  weakly-labeled  audio 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020652M.L. Clark et al.

There  is  growing  interest  in  applying  CNN  classifiers  for  bird 
vocalization classification/detection in situations at the edge of a data 
computation  network,  such  as  directly  on  a  smartphone,  ARU,  or 
Internet  of  Things  device  (Chen  and  Ran,  2019).  These  devices  have 
memory, processing, battery, and network constraints that may require 
CNNs with less complexity than currently used in animal vocalization 
detection research (Disabato et al., 2021). The MobileNetv2 architecture 
was specifically designed to be deployed on mobile devices, partially by 
minimizing memory usage during inference (Sandler et al., 2018). We 
demonstrated that MobileNetv2 was the optimal classifier for the ma-
jority of our study species in our soundscape data, and had the second 
highest class-average precision (86.4%; lowered by PAWR and BGGN) 
and highest class-average recall (65.4%) and F0.5 (0.80) in comparison

architectures of deep convolutional neural networks. Artif. Intell. Rev. 53 (8), 
5455–5516. 

Knight, E.C., S`olymos, P., Scott, C., Bayne, E.M., 2020 Oct. Validation prediction: a 

flexible protocol to increase efficiency of automated acoustic processing for wildlife 
research. Ecol. Appl. 30 (7), e02140 https://doi.org/10.1002/eap.2140. 

Knight, E.C., Poo Hernandez, S., Bayne, E.M., Bulitko, V., Tucker, B.V., 2020 May 3. Pre- 

processing spectrogram parameters improve the accuracy of bioacoustic 
classification using convolutional neural networks. Bioacoustics. 29 (3), 337–355. 
Lasseck, M., 2019. Bird Species Identification in Soundscapes. CLEF (Working Notes, 

p. 2380.

to ResNet architectures (Table 2). We note that without selecting the 
best CNN-XC model per species, thus removing the influence of difficult 
species  on  statistics,  average  maximum  F0.5  was  the  same  for  all  ar-
chitectures (0.74). Thus, we conclude that MobileNetv2 could be useful 
for applications requiring smaller CNN architectures.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which hardware resources were utilized based solely on this context.