Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5. Accuracy assessment

We

assessed classiﬁcation accuracy within the
analysis
regions for each image by selecting 100 random points using ArcGIS's
random point generating utility and visually assessing the class at
that point (see Supplementary data for Python code). Because
herbaceous cover was much less common in the forested area, we
used a proportionally stratiﬁed sampling strategy and ensured that at
least 10 points of classiﬁed herbaceous cover were assessed for accuracy
at each site. Preliminary accuracies were determined to be similar
for individual sites, so we pooled the accuracy assessment across
sites. We then generated an additional 15 random points within
herbaceous cover for the 2009 images so the total across sites was
more than 50.

(Mixed GAM Computation Vehicle; Wood, 2006). The GAM was ideal
for these data for two reasons: 1) a Markovian random ﬁeld (MRF)
basis was available for the smoothing function, which is designed for
use with polygons with potentially irregular sizes (which some of the
cells have after applying the forest-only analysis mask); and 2) mgcv
had extensions for non-normal response variables. The quasi-binomial
family was an appropriate choice, as it allowed for overdispersion. The
response variable was then framed as a number of 1-m by 1-m cells
within the 20-m by 20-m cell of the DEM which were classiﬁed as
‘woody cover’ as binomial successes, and those classiﬁed as ‘herbaceous
cover’ as binomial failures.

For each site, we aggregated the data at the raster level to a range
of cell sizes and ﬁt models for each cell size. Das et al. (2011) calcu-
lated a tree's neighborhood, “an area big enough to allow at least
two of the largest trees to interact,” based on allometric equations
for tree species in the Sierra Nevada mixed-conifer forest. They
found that a 9-m radius (18-m diameter) was a reasonable area to
“capture local processes affecting trees both large and small.” As
Douglas-ﬁr is a major component in the densest parts of our sites,
as well as a component in Sierran forests studied in Das et al.
(2011), we used 18 m (rounded to 20 m for raster cell sizes) as a min-
imum linear distance to include neighborhood dynamics. Oak spe-
cies are likely to have larger and more variable crown diameters as
well as wider spacing than Douglas-ﬁr and other conifers found in
the Sierra Nevada (Burns and Honkala, 1990), so scales up to 40 or

References

Agee, J.K., 1993. Fire Ecology of Paciﬁc Northwest Forests. Island Press, Washington, DC.
Allard, M., Fournier, R.A., Grenier, M., Lefebvre, J., Giroux, J.-F., 2012. Forty years of change
in the bulrush marshes of the St. Lawrence Estuary and the impact of the greater
snow goose. Wetlands 32, 1175–1188.

Beale, C.M., Lennon, J.J., Yearsley, J.M., Brewer, M.J., Elston, D.A., 2010. Regression analysis

of spatial data. Ecol. Lett. 13, 246–264.

Dragut, L., Tiede, D., Levick, S.R., 2010. ESP: a tool to estimate scale parameter for
multiresolution image segmentation of remotely sensed data. Int. J. Geogr. Inf. Sci.
24, 859–871.

Dragut, L., Csillik, O., Eisank, C., Tiede, D., 2014. Automated parameterisation for multi-
scale image segmentation on multiple layers. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens.
88, 119–127.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline. However, there are several strategies commonly employed to manage randomness in such scenarios. One approach is fixing the random seed value before training the model, ensuring reproducibility and consistency in results. Another method involves performing multiple runs with different seeds and averaging the outcomes to reduce variability caused by random initialization. Additionally, techniques like ensemble methods can leverage diverse predictions from various initializations to improve overall performance.