Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

optima into account. The specific formulation of these control mecha-
nisms in Eqs. (6)–(8) force the model optimization to not deviate from 
the previous optimal solutions. The terms comprising min over (: t (cid:0) 1) 
epochs in Eqs. (6) and (7) provide a form of memory of the previous local 
optima. The trade off between long and short term memory of the losses 
and  the  corresponding  optima  help  the  model  to  steer  towards  more 
global optima. These equations provide a sufficiently general formula-
tion for adjusting β as they are only dependent on the two loss compo-
nents. Further, one can also envision a learnable neural network with 
long short-term memory (LSTM) that can perform this dynamic control 
in a recurrent neural network type formulation of a closed loop control 
system (Hochreiter and Schmidhuber, 1997). 

5.2. Influence of the β and γ  parameters

Including  the  additional  loss  term  scaling  term  γ(t)ℒcls  in  Eq.  (9) 
further  improved  the  clustering  performance  of  the  model.  In  this 
implementation γ  was cycled between 0.01 and 2 in order to keep the 
contribution from ℒcls  in a similar range as ℒrec  and ℒreg. A logical next 
step could be to expand Eq. (4) to include a dynamically adjusted γ(t)ℒcls 
term.  This  would  however  make  the  model  less  generalized  to  other 
tasks. 

5.3. Performance comparison

Fig. 1, and since a higher β term favours a well generalised latent space 
over good reconstructions, a reduction in clustering performance could 
be expected. Additionally, the non-adaptive VAE was more cumbersome 
to train as the model collapsed frequently during training. 

5.4. Selection of number of clusters

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves using control mechanisms in the form of Eqs. (6)-(8), which ensure that the model optimization does not deviate significantly from previous optimal solutions. These equations provide a way to balance long and short-term memory of losses and their respective optima, helping the model move toward global optima. Furthermore, the inclusion of an additional loss term scaling term γ(t)ℒcls in Eq. (9) improves the clustering performance of the model by keeping the contribution from ℒcls in a similar range as ℒrec and ℒreg. However, expanding Eq. (4) to include a dynamically adjusted γ(t)ℒcls term may reduce the generality of the model for other tasks. During training, the performance of the model is monitored through its ability to reconstruct data and maintain a well-generalized latent space, while avoiding collapse.