Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical Analyses

We used Python [35] and fastai [30] for developing the deep learning CNN. We used
R [36] for all statistical analyses, using packages sf [37] and raster [38] for data manipulation;
ggplot2 [39], rasterVis [40] and cowplot [41] for plotting. We also used R for designing
the website AusDams.org, using Shiny [42], Leaﬂet [43], Plotly [44] and using Joe Cheng’s
Superzip template (https://shiny.rstudio.com/gallery/superzip-example.html).

3. Results
3.1. Reported Farm Dams

There were 1,694,675 farm dams reported by regional and Federal authorities in
Australia. The majority of farm dams were in New South Wales (37%), Victoria (26%),
Queensland (17%) and Western Australia (10%; Table S1). Around three-quarters of Aus-
tralia recorded at least one dam per 2000 km2, but the typical density near urban centres
was 2–5 farm dams per km2 (Figure 2). The average size of a dam was ca. 1000 m2, ranging
from 100 m2 to >105 m2 (Figure 3).

3.2. Data Veriﬁcation

Abstract: Farm dams are a ubiquitous limnological feature of agricultural landscapes worldwide.
While their primary function is to capture and store water, they also have disproportionally large
effects on biodiversity and biogeochemical cycling, with important relevance to several Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs). However, the abundance and distribution of farm dams is unknown
in most parts of the world. Therefore, we used artiﬁcial intelligence and remote sensing data to
address this critical global information gap. Speciﬁcally, we trained a deep learning convolutional
neural network (CNN) on high-deﬁnition satellite images to detect farm dams and carry out the
ﬁrst continental-scale assessment on density, distribution and historical trends. We found that in
Australia there are 1.765 million farm dams that occupy an area larger than Rhode Island (4678 km2)
and store over 20 times more water than Sydney Harbour (10,990 GL). The State of New South Wales

Supplementary Materials: The following items are available online at https://www.mdpi.com/20
72-4292/13/2/319/s1. Figure S1: Confusion matrix for farm dam detection with our deep learning
CNN. Figure S2: The surface area of unreported dams used to estimate their median water capacity.
Figure S3: Examples of undocumented farm dams that were identiﬁed with our deep learning CNN.
Figure S4: Step-by-step graphical diagram for the methods to calculate the absolute and relative
rates in the construction of Australian farm dams. Figure S5: Predicted probability for a successful
veriﬁcation (true positive) for each dam in our dataset. Figure S6: Estimated rates of annual increase
in dam densities between the years 1988 and 2015 in each State and Territory of Australia. Figure S7:
Historical trends in farm dam size with year of construction for each State and Territory. Table S1:
Summary table for all farm dam datasets used in this study.

There are several ways in which this work can support new research. For example,
farm dams have unique properties that make them a hotspot for methane emissions—a
greenhouse gas that is 34 times more potent than carbon dioxide [9,10,52]. Given Australia’s
commitment to substantially reduce emissions by 2050, the contributions of farm dams to
climate change must be monitored and regulated—as recommended by the 2019 Reﬁne-
ment of IPCC Guidelines [53]. The dataset presented here on size and location of farm dams
can help government agencies (e.g., Dept. of Agriculture, Water and the Environment) to
include their greenhouse gas emissions in the Australian National Greenhouse Gas Inven-
tory. As another example, our data can help manage biological invasions. In arid habitats,
farm dams provide a refuge that pests can use as stepping-stones to spread across the coun-
try (e.g., the cane toad Rhinella marina in north Australia; Letnic et al., 2015) [54]. Knowing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors do not explicitly state the method used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it is mentioned that the study uses artificial intelligence and remote sensing data to address the critical global information gap regarding the abundance and distribution of farm dams. This suggests that the raw data might have been collected through remote sensing techniques such as satellite imagery or drone footage. Additionally, the study mentions using Python and FastAI for developing the deep learning CNN, indicating that these tools may have been employed for processing and analyzing the raw data. Unfortunately, without further specific details about the exact sources of the raw data, it cannot be definitively stated how the data was initially gathered.