Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

fessionals  and  field  crews  (Ferster  and  Coops,  2014;  Van  Horn  et  al., 
2018).

2. Methods 

2.1. Study sites

characteristics in the Pusch ridge wilderness, Arizona. J. Wildl. Manag. 902–907. 

Everingham, M., Van Gool, L., Williams, C.K.I., Winn, J., Zisserman, A., 2010. The 

PASCAL visual object classes (VOC) challenge. Int. J. Comput. Vis. 88 (2), 303–338. 
Ferster, C.J., Coops, N.C., 2014. Assessing the quality of forest fuel loading data collected 

using public participation methods and smartphones. Int. J. Wildland Fire 23 (4), 
585–590. 

Ferster, C.J., Coops, N.C., Harshaw, H.W., Kozak, R.A., Meitner, M.J., 2013. An 

exploratory assessment of a smartphone application for public participation in forest 
fuels measurement in the wildland-urban interface. Forests 4 (4), 1199–1219. 

Graham, R.T., McCaffrey, S., Jain, T.B., 2004. Science Basis for Changing Forest 

Structure to Modify Wildfire Behavior and Severity Gen. Tech. Rep. RMRS-GTR-120 
Fort Collins, CO: U.S. United States Department of Agriculture Forest Service, Rocky 
Mountain Research Station, p. 43.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information on the specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training. However, based on common practices in machine learning and computer vision tasks, some possible postprocessing steps could include generating saliency maps, calculating metrics such as accuracy or precision, creating confusion matrices, or performing other forms of evaluation or analysis. It is important to note that these potential postprocessing steps are speculative and may not be applicable to this particular study without further context.