Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Identification of optional ecological sources 

The SOFM is an unsupervised learning neural network approach that 
combines dimensionality reduction and clustering analysis to allocate 
research units into different ES bundles based on spatial similarities. The 
ES bundles were divided using SOFM (using the R package kohonen) 
based on the results of the reconstructed ESV, and the ideal number of 
bundles  was  established  by  calculating  the  Davis-Boldin  Index  (DBI), 
which was used as the basis for identifying ecological sources and setting 
scenarios. Furthermore, this study used hotspot analysis (Getis-Ord G*
i ) 
to  analyze the  spatial clustering of  ESV and  considered  hotspot areas 
with a significance level of 90% or more as optional ecological sources.

Marsboom, C., Vrebos, D., Staes, J., Meire, P., 2018. Using dimension reduction PCA to 
identify ecosystem service bundles. Ecol. Indicators 87, 209–260. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.ecolind.2017.10.049. 

McRae, B.H., Dickson, B.G., Keitt, T.H., Shah, V.B., 2008. Using circuit theory to model 
connectivity in ecology, evolution, and conservation. Ecology 89 (10), 2712–2724. 
https://doi.org/10.1890/07-1861.1. 

McRae, B.H., Hall, S.A., Beier, P., Theobald, D.M., 2012. Where to restore ecological 
connectivity? Detecting barriers and quantifying restoration benefits. PLoS One 7 
(12), e52604. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0052604. 

Othman, B., De Nunzio, G., Di Domenico, D., Canudas-de-Wit, C., 2019. Ecological traffic 

management: a review of the modeling and control strategies for improving 
environmental sustainability of road transportation. Annu. Rev. Control. 48, 
292–311. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.arcontrol.2019.09.003.

learning neural network characterized by the topographic map structure 
of  the  input  scenario.  This  algorithm  overcomes  the  shortcomings  of 
linear dimensionality reduction techniques and can objectively classify 
ecosystem functions according to a predefined setting and automatically 
form weights among the elements, avoiding the subjectivity of weight 
setting  (Zhao  et  al.,  2023).  Consequently,  applying  SOFM  to  identify 
ecological sources can effectively analyze the geographical variability 
and similarity of ESs while also uncovering the dominant service func-
tions and ecological values of the land-use types where the ecological 
sources  are  located.  This  study  combined  the  SOFM  algorithm  with 
traditional  ESP  construction  paradigms,  which  emphasize  the  consid-
eration of the capacity of different regions to provide dominant ESs, and 
can  provide  a  new  idea  for  the  construction  and  optimization  of

and supported habitats, and are mainly composed of rivers, reservoirs, 
and ponds. Species migration corridors provide vital habitat support for 
animal migration.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to your query based on the available information.