Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Conservation area priorities 
Endangered species 
Forest fragmentation 
Habitat loss 
Incidence function model

Fig. 3. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curves of seven machine learning models. The true positive rate (sensitivity) of the vertical line and the false positive 
rate (1-specificity) of the horizontal line quantify the proportion of correctly and incorrectly classified samples, respectively. The red and blue curves represent the 
mean area under the curve (AUC) of training and test data, respectively. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to 
the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024645E.S. Kim et al.

In  our  study,  we  utilized  data  from  the  third  and  fourth  natural 
environment surveys, incorporating various environmental variables, to 
assess  the  impact  of  urban  development  on  species  distribution.  To 
achieve  this,  we  employed  seven  different  machine  learning  models, 
extracting the Area Under the Curve (AUC) values for each model both 
before and after urban development (Fig. 3). The AUC value, a critical 
measure of model performance, indicated that the Generalized Linear 
Model  (GLM)  and  Random  Forest  (RF)  models  had  the  highest  AUC 
value  of  0.85,  while  the  Classification  and  Regression  Tree  (CART) 
model  had  the  lowest  at  0.79.  On  average,  the  models  demonstrated 
robust performance with an average AUC value of 0.84, underscoring 
their overall effectiveness in species distribution modeling. Despite the 
methodological similarities among the models, their distinct character-

interior of the forest, reflecting the behavioral characteristic of feeding 
in small-scale habitats near forest margins and urban areas (Lim et al., 
2015).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model based solely on the given context.