Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tion and Transformer, effectively extracts richer semantic features (Xie 
et al., 2024). A network based on CNN and ViT modules classified mi-
croorganisms with an accuracy of 67.62% (Dwivedi et al., 2024).

The proposed classification network in this paper demonstrates su-
perior performance on the dataset, as indicated by the results presented 
in Table 3. In each classification network, the accuracy for the “medium” 
is consistently higher than that for the “small”. Besides, the experimental 
data in Table 3 also indicates that the classification network proposed 
achieves the highest classification accuracy among the “medium”  and 
“small”.  In  our  proposed  model,  the  classification  accuracy  for  both 
“medium”  and “small”  is improved by 3.56% and 2.93% respectively, 
compared to the ResNet50 and ViT. Additionally, the classification ac-
curacy for the “medium” is 5.6% higher compare with the “small” in the 
CA-Hybrid network.

89.2 
71.9 
88.9 
91.3 
92.8  

increase in accuracy compared to the ResNet and ViT. By incorporating 
CAM, the network gains the capability to attend to important regions, 
thus improving classification accuracy.

3.3. Classification experiments 

In the classification network, the classification network dataset was 
employed  for  object  classification.  Various  classification  models  were 
employed within the classification network to perform the classification 
task,  and  the  classification  accuracy  of  each  model  is  presented  in 
Table 2. 

Based on the findings presented in Table 2, it is evident that the CA- 
Hybrid  network  in  this  paper  outperforms  other  models  in  terms  of 
classification accuracy on the dataset used. By integrating CAM into the 
hybrid network based on ResNet, a significant enhancement in classifi-
cation accuracy is observed. Specifically, the model achieved a 2.33% 

Table 1 
Comparison results of different loss functions of YOLOv7.  

Loss function 

AP (%) 

Precision (%) 

Recall (%) 

CIoU 
WIoU 
SIoU 
EIoU 
α-IoU 

94.6 
81.1 
92.0 
95.7 
95.9 

90.8 
85.3 
90.5 
92.9 
93.2 

89.2 
71.9 
88.9 
91.3 
92.8

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The performance of the deep learning model is evaluated using several metrics such as accuracy, precision, and recall. Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions made by the model out of all predictions. Precision measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all positive predictions made by the model. Recall measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all actual positives in the data. Other metrics mentioned in the given context include AP (average precision), which is commonly used in object detection tasks, and IoU (intersection over union), which measures the overlap between predicted bounding boxes and ground truth bounding boxes.