Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Object detection 
Bird detection 
Deep learning 
Camera trap

5. Conclusion 

In this study, we proposed a dataset comprising 9717 images of 15 
wild bird species acquired by camera traps in China’s Northeast Tiger 
and Leopard National Park. Based on this dataset, we employed 8 deep 
learning algorithms for bird object detection and evaluated their per-
formance.  Our  results  indicate  that  deep  learning-based  approaches 
have the potential to detect wild birds in camera traps efficiently. By 
applying  these  approaches,  manual  processing  costs  can  be  reduced, 
enabling  more  efficient  monitoring  of  wildlife  populations  over  wide 
areas and over time. Our findings can help conservation practitioners 
choose  appropriate  models  for  their  detection  tasks,  as  well  as  offer 
insight  on  the  use  of  deep  learning-based  technologies  to  improve 
wildlife monitoring and environmental protection.

Camera traps are widely used for wildlife monitoring and making informed conservation and land-management 
decisions, but the resulting ‘big data’ are laborious to process. Deep learning-based methods have been adopted 
for wildlife detection in camera traps. However, these methods detect large mammals in uncomplicated scenes, 
where powerful deep-learning models work effectively. Few studies have been conducted to develop artificial 
intelligence for recognizing wild birds that live in complicated field scenes with protective colors and small sizes. 
Here we used a dataset of 9717 images from 15 bird species based on camera traps to test 8 object detection 
algorithms  (Faster  RCNN,  Cascade  RCNN,  RetinaNet,  FCOS,  RepPoints,  ATSS,  Deformable-DETR,  and  Sparse 
RCNN)  and  assess  their  performance.  We  also  explored  the  effect  of  different  backbones  on  model  accuracy.

Function and Ecosystem Services. University of Chicago Press. 

Sim˜oes, F., Bouveyron, C., Precioso, F., 2023. DeepWILD: wildlife identification, 

localisation and estimation on camera trap videos using deep learning. Eco. Inform. 
75, 102095. 

Simonyan, K., Zisserman, A., 2014. Very deep convolutional networks for large-scale 

image recognition arXiv preprint arXiv:1409.1556.  

Sun, P., Zhang, R., Jiang, Y., Kong, T., Xu, C., Zhan, W., Tomizuka, M., Li, L., Yuan, Z., 
Wang, C., 2021. Sparse r-cnn: end-to-end object detection with learnable proposals. 
In: Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern 
Recognition, pp. 14454–14463. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024668Q. Song et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The authors mention testing eight object detection algorithms (Faster RCNN, Cascade RCNN, RetinaNet, FCOS, RepPoints, ATSS, Deformable-DETR, and Sparse RCNN), but they do not specify if or where the code for implementing these algorithms is publicly accessible. To find out whether the code repository is available, one would need to contact the corresponding author or search online resources such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket for any repositories associated with this research.