Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The experiments were performed on a small
size dataset without data augmentation. The model 
The experiments were performed on a small-size dataset without data augmentation. The model 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
the parameters are chosen properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
and they perform well in their own validation set, proving that deep learning is a powerful method 
and they perform well in their own validation set, proving that deep learning is a powerful method

that  it  is  feasible  to  use  a  small  amount  of  data  to  train  deep  learning  models,  which  could  have  wide 
applicability in the image recognition field.

Image  classification  on  the  CNN  architecture  known  as  AlexNet  was  proposed  by  Alex 
Krizhevsky and won the 2012 ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge (Krizhevsky 
et al., 2012). There are eight layers in the network, containing five convolutional layers and three 
fully connected layers (Fig. 3). All feature extractors were initialized with white Gaussian noise 
and learned from data, and the resulting feature maps were passed through rectified linear units 
(ReLUs),  a  type  of  non-linearity  unit.  The  model  was  trained  using  stochastic  gradient  descent 
and  the  backpropagation  algorithm  included  in  Caffe  (Jia  et  al.,  2014),  with  the  learning  rate 
policy set to “step”. The learning rate set to 10-2 for all layers initially for the reason of accept the 
newly  defined  last  fully  connected  layer  set  to  10-2.  The  learning  rate  (lr)  was  decreased  by  a

[18]  Lecun, Y. (2013). Deep Learning Tutorial. 

7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
View publication stats

Electrical and Electronics Engineering: An International Journal (ELELIJ) Vol.8, No.1, February 2019 
[19]  Lecun, Y., Bottou, L., Bengio, Y., & Haffner, P. (1998). Gradient-based learning applied to document 

recognition. Proceedings of the IEEE, 86(11), 2278-2324.  

[20]  Liu,  F.,  Shen,  Z.-R.,  Zhang,  J.-W.,  &  Yang,  H.-Z.  (2008).  Automatic  insect  identification  based  on 

color characters. Chinese Bulletin of Entomology, 45(1), 150-153.  

[21]  Martineau, M., Conte, D., Raveaux, R., Arnault, I., Munier, D., & Venturini, G. (2017). A survey on 
doi: 

classification. 

Recognition, 

273-284. 

Pattern 

65, 

image-based 
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.patcog.2016.12.020 

insect

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide the exact data repository link of the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context. It would be necessary to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly to obtain this information. However, some common repositories where such pipelines might be shared include Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, and GBIF.

Based on the context provided, we only know that the experiments were conducted on a small-sized dataset without data augmentation. Two models, MG and MO, were used and achieved good training results when the parameters were chosen properly. These models also performed well in their respective validation sets. The study demonstrated that it is possible to use small datasets to train deep learning models effectively, particularly in the field of image recognition.

However, no specific details about the dataset or the deep learning pipeline used in these experiments are provided in the given context. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the data repository link for the deep learning pipeline.