Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In recent years, machine learning (ML) has been applied in various 
fields  due  to  its  powerful  ability  to  handle  non-linear  relationships 
(Mohammadi et al., 2023), according to previous surveys, an increasing 
number of studies are attempting to use ML methods to estimate WQP. Li 
et al. established a Support Vector Machine (SVM) model to estimate 
Chla concentrations in 45 typical lakes in China based on measured data 
from 2017 to 2019; the results indicated that this model is suitable for 
lakes  with  medium  to  low  Chla  concentrations  (Li  et  al.,  2021). 
Muhammad et al. developed a neural network model called the Ocean 
Color  Network  (OGN)  to  estimate  Chla  concentrations  in  the  Barents 
Sea,  in  comparison  to  Gaussian  Process  Regression,  this  network 
demonstrated  a  5.2%  reduction  in  mean  absolute  error  (Asim  et  al., 
2021). Ensemble learning (EL) is one of the key technologies in the field

Researchers have developed numerous WQP inversion algorithms for 
different lakes over the years. These algorithms include Band Ratio (BR), 
Three Bands (TB), NDCI, NDTI, Multiple Linear Regression (MLR), and 
more.  In  this  study,  the  development  of  these  algorithms  is  also 
considered. Moreover, deep learning algorithms were also considered, 
however,  the  limited  number  of  samples  was  not  conducive  to  deep 
learning, a point supported by the evidence in the research of Feng et al. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259716J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 18. Timeline of water quality changes in Nansi Lake.

)

yj (cid:0) yj

(cid:0)
i=1(yi (cid:0) yi)
∑n

i=1(yi (cid:0) yi)2

(4)  

(5)  

(6)  

where n represents the number of sample points, i represents a single 
data point, yi and yj represent the measured and model-predicted values, 
respectively.  yi  and  yj  represent  the  mean  measured  and  predicted 
values, respectively. RSRi  (λ) represents the relative spectral response 
function of Sentinel bands, λmin and λmax are the wavelength ranges of 
the  spectral  response  functions  for  each  band,  Rrs(λ) is  the  measured 
remote  sensing  reflectance,  Rrs (λi)is  the  Sentinel-2  equivalent  band 
(λi)represents  the  satellite  reflectance 
remote  sensing  reflectance,  Rc
rs
before  and  after  correction,  and  N  represents  the  number  of  sample 
points. 

Fig. 7. (a): The error before and after the correction of the remote sensing reflectivity of each band; (b): Comparison of errors before and after remote sensing 
reflectance correction in different years.

the  Visible  Infrared  Imaging  Radiometer  Suite  (VIIRS)  (Jiang  et  al., 
2020; Shi et al., 2015; Zhang et al., 2016). However, when applied to 
small to medium-sized water bodies, issues such as insufficient spatial 
resolution (>100 m) and mixed pixels cannot be avoided. Some scholars 
have  also  used  Landsat  satellites  to  estimate  the  WQP,  but  the  long 
revisit period limited the number of available images (Andrzej Urbanski 
et al., 2016; Cao et al., 2020). Hyperspectral data have great potential 

Fig. 1. Technical route.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025972J. Zhang et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of any deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I am unable to provide the requested information.