Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

structure as the one present in the encoder 

For more details on the theory of the elements discussed we refer the 
reader to the reference book (Goodfellow et al., 2016). This architecture 
involves  a  large  number  of  hyperparameters  related  to  the  different 
types of layers (convolutional or recurrent) and therefore a large number 
of  parameters.  As  a  reminder,  a  parameter  is  internal  to  the  neural 
network.  It  will  evolve  during  the  whole  training  process  A  hyper-
parameter is external to the training process, it defines the properties of 
the network. It remains static during the training process. 

The  HyperBand  algorithm  is  proposed  for  optimisation  and  is 

described in the next section.

None. 

Data availability 

All methods were written in the Python language and in the PyCharm 
environment 
machine 
(https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/). 
learning  methods  were  developed  using  the  freely  available  Keras  li-
brary  (Chollet,  2018)  at  https://github.com/fchollet/keras  with  Ten-
sorflow backend. Free and open-source codes have been employed to 
perform  the  overall  analysis:  the  hyperparameters  ofthe  model  were 
optimised  using  the  custom  HyperBand  algorithm  which  allows  to 
optimize the network architecture with the optimal length of the history. 

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement

hyperparameters for model architectures.  

2.  Partial training: Models are partially trained (on a small fraction of 
the data) to quickly eliminate underperforming configurations.  
3.  Successive Halving: The remaining configurations are grouped into 
sets of different sizes, and the associated models are trained further. 
The best-performing configurations in each set are promoted to the 
next  stage,  while 
the  under-performing  configurations  are 
eliminated. 

4. Repeat: Steps 2 and 3 are repeated until only one configuration re-
mains, which is then considered the best configuration found.

The key idea behind Hyperband is to explore several configurations 
in parallel while allocating more training resources to promising con-
figurations. This enables a more efficient search of the hyperparameter 
space, particularly when computational resources are limited. In sum-
mary, Hyperband combines an initial random search with a ‘successive 
halving’  strategy  to  quickly  identify  promising  configurations  while 
eliminating those that show inferior performance. 

The  detail  of  the  grid  of  possible  combinations  is  presented.  The 
number of convolution layers is lower than that given in the article, the 
network has two convolution layers. Their size and the associated max- 
pooling will be determined in the following interval for each:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The deep learning model was built using the Python programming language and the PyCharm environment. For machine learning methods, the freely available Keras library was utilized with Tensorflow as its backend. Therefore, the frameworks used to build the deep learning model are Keras and Tensorflow.