Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

results in an unchanged expected activation in the fol-
lowing  convolutional  layers.  Furthermore,  we  nor-
malize all input channels (red, green, blue, and depth)
by subtracting the respective mean and dividing by the
respective standard deviation over the whole dataset.
We also introduce a feature fusion module to combine
the extracted features from both backbones using one
3 × 3 convolution per FPN scale and reduce the num-
ber of channels from 2 × 256 to 256. This allows us to
use weights pre-trained on the Microsoft COCO data-
set [24] for the region proposal network (RPN) classi-
fier and mask head. Fig. 4 illustrates the general archi-
tecture of the resulting D-Mask R-CNN architecture.
We  restrict  our  evaluation  of  D-Mask  R-CNN  to
instances of deers as it is the most common species in our
RGB-D dataset. We quantify the results of D-Mask R-
CNN using the average precision (AP), AP50, and AP75
metrics as defined by the Microsoft COCO dataset [24].

object  boundaries.  We  therefore  argue  that  weights
initially  optimized  for  color  images  are  also  valuable
for  detecting  such  features  in  depth  images.  As  the
ResNet-50 architecture expects a three-channel RGB
input image as input, its first convolutional layer has to

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

Dimitri Korsch is a Research Associ-
ate in the Computer Vision Group at
Friedrich  Schiller  University  Jena,
Germany.  He received his BSc and
MSc  degree  in  IT-Systems  Engi-
neering from University of Potsdam
in  2013  and  2016,  respectively.  His
research  interests  include  unsuper-
vised  machine  learning,  reinforce-
ment learning as well as fine-grained
visual categorization.

We then trained a standard deep learning classifier
(ResNet-50 [16] pre-trained on ImageNet [30]) on the
cropped  bounding  box  images  of  the  detected  moths
and  achieved  an  average  accuracy  of  89.00%  on  an
held-out test set. We also make use of additional images
obtained  from  Internet  image  search  engines  to  aug-
ment the training dataset. However, since this leads to
noisy annotated images, filtering different types of label
noise  is  required  as  proposed  by  [6].  This  can  further
improve  the  recognition  performance  of  the  system,
especially when the initial training set has been rather
small with less than ten sample images per species.

CONCLUSIONS

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text mentions several preprocessing steps taken before training a deep learning model. These steps include normalizing all input channels (red, green, blue, and depth) by subtracting the respective mean and dividing by the respective standard deviation over the whole dataset. Additionally, a feature fusion module is introduced to combine the extracted features from both backbones using one 3 × 3 convolution per FPN scale and reducing the number of channels from 2 × 256 to 256. This step allows the use of weights pre-trained on the Microsoft COCO dataset for the region proposal network (RPN) classifier and mask head. Another preprocessing step mentioned involves training a standard deep learning classifier (ResNet-50 pre-trained on ImageNet) on cropped bounding box images of detected objects. To augment the training dataset, additional images obtained from internet image search engines were used. However, due to noisy annotated images, filtering different types of label noise was required to improve the recognition performance of the system.