Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

be  established  (Xie  et  al.,  2021).  Deep  noise  reduction  methods 
(Defossez et al., 2020) often use a U-net architecture which consists of an 
encoder and decoder section. The encoder produces a compressed latent 
space representation. The decoder then uses this latent space to recon-
struct the denoised waveform. Recently, transformer attention mecha-
nisms have also been applied with great success (Cao et al., 2022; Luo 
and  Mesgarani,  2019;  Luo  and  Mesgarani,  2023;  Zhang  et  al.,  2022; 
Zhao et al., 2022). As most deep-noise reduction methods focus on NLP 
applications, models are optimized for bandwidths ranging from 16 to 
22  kHz.  Bioacoustics  applications  commonly  exceed  this  bandwidth. 
Additionally, the sparsity of vocalisations in this application and many 
other  bioacoustics  applications  makes  the  development  of  large-scale 
datasets  infeasible  (Stowell,  2021).  These  factors  limit  the  success  of

Deep learning-based denoising methods are most commonly applied 
to  natural  language  processing  (NLP)  such  as  a  human  speech 
enhancement. D´efossez et al. (Defossez et al., 2020) demonstrated the 
potential for deep noise reduction techniques to achieve state-of-the-art 
(SOTA) performance and be applied in sub-real time on limited hard-
ware. These methods commonly operate on audio spectrograms but in 
recent  years  SOTA  deep  learning  methods  (Wang  et  al.,  2021)  have 
successfully  used  raw  waveform  data  (Luo and  Mesgarani,  2019; Luo 
and Mesgarani, 2023) for wider applications such as source separation 
and classification. This removes errors introduced when applying a Fast 
Fourier  Transform  (FFT)  to  generate  a  time-frequency  representation 
and reconstruction errors due to the loss of phase information. These 
networks tend to require more data for training as the latent space must

training  deep  noise  reduction  techniques.  There  are  also  challenges 
when generating training data for fine-tuning. Generally, clean data is 
collected, and noise profiles are superimposed to provide both the input 
data  and  a  “denoised”  ground  truth.  Collecting  clean  recordings  is 
infeasible  in  many  cases  or  requires  the  recording  of  captive  animals 
which  may  not  be  representative  of  the  wider  population.  Adjacent 
fields can generate human speech or music as required but this is not an 
option for many bioacoustics applications.

Bandwidth is a significant consideration when applying deep audio 
enhancement  models  to  bioacoustics  applications  and  is  typically 
limited to 16–22 kHz. This demonstrates a limitation of existing methods 
discussed  in literature.  Models  can be  trained using  higher  frequency 
data  from  adjacent  fields  and  fine-tuned  using  data  relevant  to  the 
bioacoustics application. Spectral subtraction can operate at any band-
width with no significant differences in noise reduction performance for 
test  data  ranging  from  16  to  250  kHz.  WPD  showed  degradation  of 
weaker harmonic features at higher frequencies as shown in Fig. 2. 

Operating bandwidth is also an efficiency consideration. The relative 
computation  time  for  each  bandwidth  is  displayed  in  Fig.  3.  Spectral 
subtraction is approximately 2 times more efficient than WPD. CMGAN

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. It primarily focuses on discussing various aspects of deep noise reduction methods, their applications, limitations, and considerations related to bandwidth and computational efficiency. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact hyperparameters used in the deep learning model based solely on the provided context.