Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

Projects like AmeriFlux, WFSFA, and NGEE-Tropics each have many 
different  teams  working  in  the  field  and  producing  large  numbers  of 
high-quality,  multi-disciplinary  data  packages.  Integrating  these 
together as one product can only be achieved if the data usage policies 
are compatible and the data producers can receive appropriate credit for 
their data. For example, when individual network datasets are included 
in the FLUXNET dataset they will be released under a FLUXNET data 
usage policy, the agreed data usage policy is a factor determining which 
regional datasets will be able to be included. When the FLUXNET data 
usage policy is incompatible with the network policy, often data can’t be 
included.  In  cases  where  the  data  are  considered  high-value  the  data 
producers are reluctant to lose the direct credit to their data. In addition, 
new data versions are uploaded regularly due to collection of new data,

A key element of data integration is enabling the use and citation of 
that  integrated  data.  In  this  paper,  we  have  considered  several  ap-
proaches (Scalable Dynamic Data Citation, data collections, data papers) 
that attempt to address some of the challenges. However, there is still a 
need  to  systematically  evaluate  the  complex  socio-technical  issues 
around data producers and data consumers. Data producers are quickly 
becoming  an  important  fabric  of  the  complex  scientific  ecosystem 
enabling  new  modeling  and  machine  learning/artificial  intelligence 

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012516D.A. Agarwal et al.

Data  consumers,  particularly  modelers  and  machine  learning  de-
velopers, are utilizing data from many data packages and sources at a 
greater  pace  than  ever  before.  Citation  of  large  collections  of  data 
packages or specific integrated data within and across data packages is 
an  under-appreciated  challenge.  We  described  some  of  the  options 
currently available to repositories for providing integrated citations as 
well  as  their  pros  and  cons.  Which  option  is  best  depends  on  the 
particular  use  case.  In  all  cases,  these  options  have  the  potential  to 
enable a compact citation for a paper. However, both data collections 
and  especially  dynamic  data  citations  require  significant  specialized 
infrastructure and interfaces to be built at the repository to create them 
and  to  ensure  appropriate  credit  to  data  producers,  and  none  of  the 
options have seen broad universal adoption. Data papers are currently

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning models mentioned in the text. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was used to develop those models based solely on the provided context.