Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

‖ps‖2 + ‖qt‖2 + b2

s + b2

t

)

(4) 

Consequently, the unknown parameters bs, bt, ps, qt can be estimated 
optimizing  the  regularized  cost  function  using  stochastic  gradient 
descent: 

ps, qt, bs, bt = argmin
ps,qt ,bs,bt

L .

2.2. Embedding layers 

(5)  

Embedding  layers  are  modules  of  deep  neural  networks  that  are 
generally  implemented  in  natural  language  processing  problems 
(Sharma  et  al.,  2020)  and  collaborative  filtering  (He  et  al.,  2017) 
because they can solve the one-hot encoding problem (Yu et al., 2022), 
where the latent representations in the classic models are composed of 
sparse representations generally using vectors mainly composed of zero 
layers  replace  such  dispersed  vectors  with 
values.  Embedding

We  trained  algorithms  with  the  amount  of  data  available  after 
manually  removing  the  testing  set,  as  described  above.  During  the 
training, 10% of data served as the validation set to check for overfitting. 
We used a min-max scaler reverted at the end to compute the perfor-
mance metrics in the test set. In all cases, we used a batch size of 64 
samples and trained the algorithm during 100 epochs using Adam as the 
algorithm  to  optimize  the  network  parameters.  Algorithms  were 
implemented in Pytorch (Paszke et al., n.d.) and models were trained 
and tested in Google Colaboratory.2

lations and adapt well to data generated by WSNs (de Wolff et al., 2021), 
if such data do not present a substantial loss of information (Liu et al., n. 
d.;  Liu  et  al.,  2018).  However,  this  represents  a  significant  challenge 
because, currently, the information generated by low-cost WSNs should 
be pre-processed, and, at the same time, the data assurance and quality 
of their growing volume of information should be maintained. Hence, 
matrix factorization (MF) (Rivera-Mu˜noz et al., 2021), and their variants 
using deep learning (Deep Matrix Factorization - DMF) emerged as an 
alternative because they can recover a significant amount of information 
that was not sampled by modeling non-linear interactions of input data 
(sensors,  time  instants).  This  property  enables  the  exploitation  of  the 
spatial-temporal  correlations  and  a  better  adaptation  to  the  data  of 
WSNs (De Handschutter et al., 2021; Xue et al., 2017a).

Shah, J., Mishra, B., 2020. Iot-enabled low power environment monitoring system for 
prediction of pm2.5. Pervas. Mobile Comput. 67, 101175 [Online]. Available: 
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1574119220300560. 
Sharma, A.K., Chaurasia, S., Srivastava, D.K., 2020. Sentimental short sentences 

classification by using cnn deep learning model with fine tuned word2vec. Procedia 
Computer Science 167, 1139–1147. International Conference on Computational 
Intelligence and Data Science. [Online]. Available: http://www.sciencedirect.com/ 
science/article/pii/S1877050920308826. 

Tamhane, A., Arora, S., Warrier, D., 2017. Modeling contextual changes in user 

behaviour in fashion e-commerce. In: Kim, J., Shim, K., Cao, L., Lee, J.-G., Lin, X., 
Moon, Y.-S. (Eds.), Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. Springer 
International Publishing, Cham, pp. 539–550. 

van Buuren, S., Groothuis-Oudshoorn, K., 2011. mice: Multivariate imputation by

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of a regularized cost function, which is often employed to avoid overfitting. Regularization techniques like L1 or L2 regularization, also known as weight decay, add a penalty term to the loss function to discourage large weights and encourage simpler models. Dropout is another popular method where randomly selected neurons are ignored during training to prevent complex co-adaptations. Although these specific methods aren't mentioned in the given context, they are commonly used in deep learning pipelines to combat overfitting.