Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Science and SCOPUS), curating specific search terms and synonyms and
used Boolean operators and wildcards (asterisks) to account for word
variants and plural forms. Additional information on search strategy are
provided in the Appendix A along with Table S1 showing all the terms
included in the final search. The literature search was conducted in
January 2023 and considered all studies currently available in the two
databases until 31 December 2022. We did not add any language filters/
restrictions to the search strategy developed so that scientific literature
with an abstract in English but a full text in other languages was
potentially included in the search. Except for conference proceedings,
we did not include grey literature (technical reports, dissertations)
because we wanted to limit our search to the most relevant and
advanced scientific applications on the topic, given the extensive liter-
ature already available.

2.3. Screening process

projection
methodologies;
• Utilize long-term/

historical data to project
into future scenarios.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10270013E. Pasanisi et al.

analysis. However, while regression-based models remain prevalent (n
= 23), there was an increased use of machine learning techniques (n =
22), particularly Maxent, and, although limited, deep learning strategies
(e.g., neural networks, Cazau et al., 2023), likely suggesting a shift to-
wards machine learning methodologies (Maglietta et al., 2023). Another
notable trend was the increased incorporation of anthropogenic vari-
ables in modelling to assess the influence of human activity on species
habitat use, especially related to fishing and boating activities (n = 7
studies; e.g., Díaz L´opez and Methion, 2024).

2.4. Meta data coding & data synthesis

surveys, they are abundant and have become increasingly available,
thereby constituting promising data sources. Simultaneously, they
exhibit poor quality, lack comprehensive metadata, and often originate
from various sources, necessitating careful consideration due to several
biases. These biases encompass uncertainty in species identification
(resulting from the absence of expert-collected data), improper design,
bias towards most accessible areas, low or unknown sample location
accuracy, incomplete or uneven spatial coverage of the true distribution
of a species, and the potential presence of spatial autocorrelation in
sample locations (Guisan et al., 2017). All these biases must be evalu-
ated and addressed, and a cautious interpretation of these data becomes
imperative (Barve et al., 2011).

4.2. The importance of including biotic, abiotic and anthropogenic
variables

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer based solely on this information. It would be best to refer to the original source or contact the authors directly for accurate details about the data repository.