Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

geographical area and therefore the number of potential tweets is also 
limited,  which  prevents  us  from  making  major  efforts  in  training  an 
image recognition model (e.g. deep learning), something that would be 
very useful if this methodology were extended to larger areas and/or 
more languages, with the subsequent increase in the volume of data.

(INDITIC Consortium, 2023). This kind of initiatives would benefit of 
the implementation of the current methodology to reduce human effort. 
Although the usefulness of this methodology has been proven, there 
are still certain limitations that cannot be ignored. The main one cor-
responds to the nature of the tweets themselves, with a low number of 
words  accompanying  the  messages,  not  always  well  written,  which 
makes  it  difficult  to  obtain  useful  information.  This  leads  to  a  high 
number of tweets being lost in the filtering process. Furthermore, using 
exclusively textual information from tweets to obtain a training dataset 
would  only  lead  to  the  creation  of  a  deficient  model.  In  addition, 
biodiversity observations only make sense when accompanied by their 
location, allowing, among other applications, to alert about the presence 
of  invasive  species  or  reuse  the  information  in  species  distribution

DIVERSIMAR project (@diversimar). This helped us to understand how 
users expressed themselves in this social network. Although many of the 
tweets turned out to be very specific, it was possible to identify three 
fairly common ways of expressing that something interesting had been 
found. Therefore, we decided to perform the tweet search through the 
API  with  three  different  criteria:  (i)  tweets  in  which  users  ask  “who 
knows” or if “anyone knows” what they have found (query 1), (ii) tweets 
that directly ask “what is this” that they have found (query 2) and (iii) 
tweets  from  users  claiming  to  have  found  something,  with  textual 
expression as “I/we have found” (query 3). Different verb tenses were 
also used in each of the expressions, as well as the use of first person in 
both  singular  and  plural.  In  addition,  the  different  criteria  must  be 
accompanied by one of the following words to ensure that they refer to

The  information  retrieved  from  this  social  network,  as  a  general 
characteristic to big data, are defined by a large volume of data and a 
large heterogeneity that requires cleaning and filtering processes that 
allow  focusing  on  relevant  data  (Poorthuis  and  Zook,  2017).  Fig.  1 
shows  a  flowchart  of  the  data  acquisition  and  processing  in  order  to 
reduce  invalid  tweets.  After  the  acquisition  of  original  tweets  (not 
retweets), a first filter consists in eliminating those tweets that contain 
images in GIF format and that in most cases corresponds to memes (http 

Fig. 1. Simplified flowchart of the tweet detection algorithm.  

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025153P. Otero et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the purpose of the deep learning model is not explicitly stated. However, considering the overall theme of the passage, it can be inferred that the deep learning model could potentially be used for image recognition tasks such as classification, segmentation, or object detection. Specifically, the authors mention that training an image recognition model using deep learning techniques would be beneficial if the methodology were expanded to cover larger geographic areas and more languages, leading to an increased volume of data. Given these clues, it can be assumed that the intended application of the deep learning model is related to analyzing images associated with tweets, possibly to extract additional biodiversity-related information or improve the accuracy of identifying relevant content within the tweets.