Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data 

The data used here was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Chal-
lenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe

topography information are used as model inputs for past and present 
time  steps  and  guide  predictions  for  future  time  steps.  Datacubes  are 
divided between a set used for model training and four distinct sets for 
testing, as defined by EarthNet2021 (see Section 2.5).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhanced prediction of vegetation responses to extreme drought using deep 
learning and Earth observation data 

Klaus-Rudolf Kladny a,c, Marco Milanta a, Oto Mraz a, Koen Hufkens b, d, e, f, Benjamin 
D. Stocker b, d, e, f,* 
a Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
b Department of Environmental Systems Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
c Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Tübingen 72076, Germany 
d Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research WSL, Birmensdorf 8903, Switzerland 
e Institute of Geography, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland 
f Oeschger Centre for Climate Change Resarch, Bern 3012, Switzerland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought impact forecasting 
Sentinel-2 
EarthNet2021 
ConvLSTM 
NDVI

Furthermore,  the number of context and target images in training 
data cubes could be adjusted to consider a longer context. Evidence for 
plant access to extensive belowground water stores (Stocker et al., 2023) 
and  legacy  effects  of  past  droughts  (Yu  et  al.,  2022)  implies  a  long 
memory effect of past weather on current plant water availability, and 
thus calls for a relevant context of several months or even years.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The data used in this study is provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Challenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe. These datacubes contain satellite imagery from Sentinel-2, topography information, and meteorological data. It can be inferred that the data collection method involves utilizing publicly available satellite imagery and meteorological data. However, the specific details regarding how these datacubes were created and collected are not explicitly mentioned in the given context.