Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection

Huang, X., Han, X., Ma, S., Lin, T., Gong, J., 2019. Monitoring ecosystem service change 
in the City of Shenzhen by the use of high-resolution remotely sensed imagery and 
deep learning. Land Degrad. Dev. 30, 1490–1501. 

Jiang, L., Jiapaer, G., Bao, A., Li, Y., Guo, H., Zheng, G., Chen, T., De Maeyer, P., 2019. 
Assessing land degradation and quantifying its drivers in the Amudarya River delta. 
Ecol. Indic. 107. 

Kavian, A., Azmoodeh, A., Solaimani, K., 2014. Deforestation effects on soil properties, 

runoff and erosion in northern Iran. Arab. J. Geosci. 7, 1941–1950. 

Kopittke, P.M., Menzies, N.W., Wang, P., McKenna, B.A., Lombi, E., 2019. Soil and the 

intensification of agriculture for global food security. Environ. Int. 132.

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102484. 

This study has certain limitations. Since the amount of data publicly 
provided  by  the HWSD  was small, and  the fact  that the  geographical 
detector required a large size of geographic samples (Feng et al., 2021). 
In future research on soil degradation, data from the Basic Soil Property 
Dataset  of  High-resolution  China  Soil  Information  Grids  (Feng  and 
Ganlin, 2021) and HWSD should be processed jointly to improve tem-
poral and spatial accuracy. Moreover, vegetation degradation (Wu et al., 
2022) and soil degradation research should be combined to establish a 
long-term land resource evaluation system for different land-use types in 
HN. 

5. Conclusions

In tropical regions, grasslands are mostly concentrated at the edges 
of forests and cultivated land (Li et al., 2022). Soil resource degradation 
in  grasslands  must  be  considered  within 
forest-
–grassland–cultivated  land  ecosystem;  (Salazar  et  al.,  2015).  In  com-
parison to forest and cultivated land, grassland is a more fragile natural 
ecosystem due to the lack of energy inflow; therefore, it is at greater risk 
of  ecological  degradation  (Chang  et  al.,  2022).  In  this  study,  when 
combined with the findings of Wu et al. (2022), DEM was identified as 
the  most  important  influence  on  vegetation  degradation  and  soil 
degradation in grasslands. The DEM, especially when paired with LDR 
and VPOP, was associated with increased degradation of vegetation and 
soil in grasslands (Wu et al., 2022). The construction of roads and res-
idential areas will significantly increase anthropogenic interference with

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that the amount of data publicly provided by the Harmonized World Soil Database (HWSD) was small and suggests using data from the Basic Soil Property Dataset of High-resolution China Soil Information Grids along with HWSD to improve temporal and spatial accuracy in future research on soil degradation. However, there is no mention of any specific data repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.