Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Random forest model 

According to the parameter optimization results of the random forest 
(RF)  model,  five  training  samples  were  analyzed,  whose  importance 
scores (VI) were obtained by simulation, and the selected variables were 
sorted according to their scores. The results are shown in Fig. 3, in which 
the VI plots for the five samples are consistent; the scores of the selected 
10 variables were more than 20% VI, and showed a threshold of 30% VI, 
above which the variables assumed higher importance (Fig. 3). In the 
training  and  test  datasets,  the  intermediate  models  established  by  RF 
showed that the proportion of explained variance was between 91% and 
92%  (Table  4).  Further,  the  correlation  coefficients  between  the 

Table 1 
The results of multiple linear regression intermediate model.  

Variables 

p Value 
min 

p Value 
max 

NO.samples 
signif 

Direction 

PM2.5 
RH 
Ts 
Ms 
AP 
WS 
Dr 
UV 
PAR

random  forest  model  were  applied  using  R  statistical  software  (Team 
RDC, 2010).

Future research should consider the changes of predictors at different 
spatial and temporal scales in order to better evaluate the explanatory 
power  of  independent  variables  in  different  climate  regions.  Such 
knowledge could then be applied to other climate region types to un-
derstand the importance level of climate region differences to selected 
variables and the overall prediction ability of the model. In addition, the 
observation  index  can  be  increased,  the  observation  time  can  be 
extended, and the joint observation of multi-region and multi-tree spe-
cies can be strengthened. Big data theory and technology, neural net-
works, structural equations, and other deep-level data mining methods 
are applied to understand the importance level of climate differences on 
selected variables and the overall prediction ability of relevant models, 
so as to comprehensively and systematically understand the influence of 
forest microclimate on NAI.

temperature and humidity sensor model were HMP155 (Vaisala. Inc., 
Finland), with a temperature measurement range of (cid:0) 80–60 m/s, and 
humidity measurement range of 0–100%; the wind speed sensor was a 
WindSonic anemometer (Gill. Inc., UK), with a measurement range of 
0–60  m/s;  the  atmospheric  pressure  sensor  model  was  AV-410BP 
(Avalon  Inc., USA),  with a  measurement  range of 600–1100  hPa; the 
photosynthetically  active  radiation  sensor  model  was  LI-190SB  (Licor 
Inc., USA), with a measurement range of 400–700 nm; the direct radi-
ation sensor model was LI-200× (Licor Inc., USA), with a measurement 
range of 400–1100 nm; the ultraviolet radiation sensor model was CUV5 
(Kipp zonen Inc., Netherlands), with a measurement range of 210–380 
nm;  the  net  radiation  sensor  model  was  CNR4  (Kipp  zonen  Inc., 
Netherlands), with a measurement range of 300–2800 nm; the partic-
ulate matter 2.5 sensor model was RR-9421 (Rainroot Inc., China), with

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model mentioned in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide any details about the learning rate or optimizer used in this case. However, it is common practice to use various hyperparameters such as learning rate, batch size, number of epochs, optimizers like Adam, SGD, etc., depending upon the problem statement and dataset.