Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

consuming step which involves exploring various neural network hyper- 
parameters to obtain the most optimal model. When combined, these 
three  problems  render  the  creation  and  utilisation  of  CNNs  to  solve 
bioacoustics research questions challenging to machine learning experts 
and non-experts alike.

1  https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/research/audioset/ya 

mnet  

2  https://xeno-canto.org/

The software code was written in Python 3 for audio pre-processing 
and  the  general  methodology,  and  the  CNNs  were  implemented  in 
Tensorflow 2 (Abadi et al., 2015). Each CNN was trained for 50 epochs 
(number of iterations of the CNN learning algorithm) using the Adam 
optimiser  (Kingma  and  Ba,  2014)  and  a  batch  size  of  32.  The  hyper- 
parameters  were  obtained  by  conducting  a  random  search  using 
similar values to that in the study of Dufourq et al. (2021). Spectrograms 
were generated using the Librosa library (McFee et al., 2020). 

4. Results

While ResNet based architectures was most commonly used, other 
architectures  were  also  used  within  the  literature  and  are  presented 
next. Lu et al. (2021) used AlexNet (Krizhevsky et al., 2012) that was 
pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset. The input was colour spectrogram 
images. They explored the effect of varying the number of last layers 
(starting from the output layer) within the network which were trained 
from random initialisation. The number of layers that they explored to 
be randomly initialised were 3, 6 and 9. They created a binary classifi-
cation model (presence and absence) for which there was little effect on 

EcologicalInformatics70(2022)1016882E. Dufourq et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning models in this case are built using TensorFlow 2. This is mentioned in the second paragraph where it states, "the CNNs were implemented in TensorFlow 2." TensorFlow is a popular open-source platform for machine learning and artificial intelligence developed by Google Brain Team. It provides a comprehensive ecosystem of tools, libraries, and community resources that lets researchers push the state-of-the-art in ML and developers easily build and deploy ML powered applications.