Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1. Dataset 

open 

repository  Zenodo 

The dataset was built as an open-source and code-based dataset for 
the evaluation of UML algorithms in the context of ecoacoustics. The 
dataset  was  named  Darksound  and  is  downloadable  on  the  general- 
purpose 
(https://zenodo.org/records 
/10512103). Data acquisition for building the dataset was made using 
recordings  freely  available  from  the  Xeno-Canto  database.  All  the  re-
cordings were in the mp3 format with varying sampling rates ranging 
from 8 kHz to 96 kHz. Recordings were resampled to a sampling rate of 
44.1 kHz, with the aliasing problem of the recordings handled using a 
high-quality Fast Fourier Transform-based bandlimited interpolation. 

3.1.1. Training data acquisition

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

In general, extracting latent space representations from UML algo-
rithms links a high DBCV score with a high ARI and AMI score. This leads 
to coherent clusters that can be easily identified by an expert, potentially 
accelerating  the  process  of  an  ecoacoustic  research  program.  In  the 
current  experiment,  fine-tuning  of  the  model  using  a  pretrained  Den-
seNet network returned the highest DBCV score in all cases except for 
the  5  way-5  shot  tasks  combined  with  the  Relation  Networks  (RN). 
Nevertheless, it is not necessarily advisable to favor one pretrained CNN 
backbone  over  another  as  there  are  no  “universally  optimal  methods 
that  will  just  produce  natural  clusters”  (Hennig,  2015).  Here,  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The dataset used in the deep learning pipeline is called Darksound and is available on the general-purpose repository Zenodo. You can find it at <https://zenodo.org/records/10512103>.