Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

attention mechanisms enhance efficiency of deep learning (DL) networks by allowing them to precisely focus on 
all relevant input elements. In order to enhance the performance of the proposed model, the CA was implemented 
based on four pooling operations including global average pooling-based CA (GAP-CA), mixed pooling-based CA 
(Mixed-CA), gated pooling-based CA (Gated-CA), and tree pooling-based CA (Tree-CA) operations. The results 
showed that the DL model based on Tree-CA had promising performance and outperformed other state-of-the-art 
models, achieving the values of 99.63%, 99.38%, 99.52%, 99.74%, and 99.42%, for accuracy, precision, recall, 
specificity, and F1-score, respectively. The findings support our proposed attention model's success in identifying 
medicinal  plants  from  similar  poisonous  plants.  Recent  advancements  in  computer-based  technologies  and

Therefore, it is important to take into account several features and 
place  emphasis  on  the  features  that  are  efficient  for  different  herbs. 
Performance  of  deep  neural  networks  will  be  enhanced  when  the 
attention  mechanism  enables  them  to  precisely  focus  on  all  relevant 
input elements. This method has become a popular technique in DL for 
text classification, image interpretation, and sentiment analysis (Wani 
et al., 2020). Models like attention mechanisms have high accuracy, and 
most of these mechanisms can be jointly trained with a basic model, such 
as a recurrent neural network or a convolutional neural network (CNN), 
using  a  regular  back-propagation  algorithm.  In  DL  models,  feature 
extraction  takes  place  hierarchically  through  CNNs  from  a  global 
perspective. At the same time, the attention mechanism focuses on the 
significant information of an image, improving the performance of CNN

2.5. Evaluation of classifiers 

The performance of the proposed model was compared with other 
state-of-the-art models. To do this, the collected dataset was trained and 
evaluated  using  different  residual  structures,  Inception-v3,  VGG-11, 
VGG-19, Alex Net, GoogleNet, and Squeeze Net models. In this research, 
classification operations of images were carried out in MATLAB R2016a 
software.  The  proposed  models  were  simulated  in  the  deep  learning 
toolbox on a system equipped with an Intel(R) Core i7-5500U, CPU 3.0 
GHz with 64 GB of RAM, and Nvidia GeForce 1070 GPU. 

2.6. Evaluation criteria of classifiers 

In  order  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  all  image  classification 
models,  the  criteria  of  accuracy,  precision,  recall,  specificity,  and  F1- 
score  were  used  based  on  eqs.  8  to  12  (Azadnia  et  al.,  2022b;  Azizi 
et al., 2024; Marhamati et al., 2024). 

Accuracy =

TP + TN
TP + TN + FP + FN

Precision = TP

TP + FP

Recall = TP

As Fig. 3 shows, the data are first divided into five equal folds in the 
proposed  FAA-based approach.  After that,  policies will  augment each 
fold without repetition. Then, the CNN model starts to process the folds. 
In  the  next  step,  the  optimal  augment  policies  are  evaluated  and 
recognized. The output of each CNN is controlled by a Bayesian opti-
mizer. Weak policies are then removed by the controller and strong ones 
are selected. The process continues to find the optimal policies for data 
augmentation. 

2.3. The proposed approach (SCAM-Herb model) 

CNN-based methods have better performance in identifying plants, 
but still, based on data analysis and some previous research (Wang et al., 
2020, Azadnia et al., 2023), texture characteristics are very important. 
Therefore, more attention should be paid to the modules that consider 

Fig. 2. Images of three different classes of plants.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is for plant identification, specifically medicinal plants from similar poisonous plants. The model uses a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture and incorporates an attention mechanism called Tree-CA to improve its performance. The primary goal of this model is to accurately classify images of various plant species, which is evident from the evaluation criteria mentioned, such as accuracy, precision, recall, specificity, and F1-score. Therefore, the main objective of this deep learning model is plant image classification.