Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Statistical analysis 

2.4.1. Random forest classification

Including seasonal images as input  variables  for machine  learning 
classification  models  was  found  as  the  most  effective  approach  to 
maximize  the  classification  accuracy  in  many  environments,  such  as 
forests (Pratic`o et al., 2021; Zhu and Liu, 2014), grasslands (Esch et al., 
2014) and Mediterranean rural areas (Senf et al., 2015). Previous studies 
analyzing the intra-annual variations in seagrass meadows distribution 
suggested that these communities display large fluctuations in biomass 
and species cover over seasons (Fauzan et al., 2021; Menu et al., 2021; 
Roelfsema et al., 2013; Zoffoli et al., 2020). Therefore, the inclusion of 
the seasonality might greatly improve the accuracy of seagrass in clas-
sification models. This translates into a probable reduction of the clas-
sification noise due to other environmental factors (e.g., algae blooms, 
water turbidity) (Acquavita et al., 2015; Christia et al., 2018; Lønborg

improvements in discriminative capabilities of supervised classification 
algorithms may result from the inclusion of multisource data, such as 
environmental  data  that  characterize  the  ecology  of  these  species  or 
other remote sensing sources.

would  require  (i)  the  use  of  fixed  image  dates  (or  narrower  seasonal

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information on the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of'seasonal images' as input variables for machine learning classification models. This suggests that one of the data formats used could be images. Additionally, the mention of'multisource data' implies that there might be other types of data used, but without further context, we cannot definitively determine what those data formats might be.