Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016833M.S. Freeman et al.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016836 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M.S. Freeman et al.

kernel range). The threshold used was the 10th percentile training presence. For each metric the best model is highlighted in bold where higher was better for AUC, TPR, TSS and Kappa and lower better for Omission.

Each of the iSDMs at the four different spatial extents were further 
subject to five treatments to test the impact of potential biases and error: 
a) Random backgrounds where 100% of training records were used, and 
background points were selected at random from the full extent of the 
model.  b)  Spatial  filtering  input  data  to  reduce  problems  of  spatial 
autocorrelation, where all species records were thinned using the soft-
ware OccurrenceThinner (Verbruggen et al., 2013), in a manner to filter 
out a greater proportion of sightings where the density of records was 
highest  based  on  their  kernel  density  (Fig.  1c;  with  densities  per  cell 
rescaled  to  an  index  from  0  to  1).  Species  records  were  selected  for 
deletion randomly from those cells with a kernel density index between 
0.5 and 1.0 giving an increased chance of removing records from the 
highest density areas. Over 10 cross-validated model runs, an average of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to this query.