Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data-driven models are an alternative type of models, among which 
machine learning and deep learning (ML and DL) models stand out in 
recent years. According to Lee et al. (2023) data-driven models applied 
to freshwater ecosystems have been mainly focused on phytoplankton, 
while there is a lack of research in modelling future changes, such as 
climate change and subsequent changes in habitat conditions. A good 
example of a data-driven model focused on algal blooms prediction is 
that  presented  by  Miura  et  al.  (2023).  Nonetheless,  there  are  several 
examples in the scientific literature about ML or DL models designed to 
predict the temperature profile in water masses. Liu and Chen (2012) 
developed ML models based on Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) using 
as inputs meteorological conditions to predict the temperature in the 3 

Fig. 1. Map of the study site. Made with QGIS, data by OpenStreetMap.

loss curves during the training. As optimizer, the Adam algorithm was 
used, which is a stochastic gradient descent method. Then, one of the 
hyperparameters was modified iteratively following the direction that

In order to increase the information provided to the models, a feature 
augmentation  process  was  carried  out  by  including  lagged  features, 
which is very common when dealing with time series, as it provides the 
model with information about the previous days. For each observation, 
the input features of the 1 to 5 previous days were added, which means 
that each row of the dataset contains the information of the same day as 
well as the information of the five previous days. Each variable is named 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026724M. Castrillo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

after the original variable, followed by the number of days lagged.

The result of this process was added to the dataset as a new cate-
gorical binary variable that stored the existence of stratification or not 
(took the value of 0 when the reservoir was not stratified and 1 when it 
was stratified). 

2.5.3. Forecasting ML models 

A classification model was designed in order to detect if there existed 

Table 1 
Initial hyperparameters space.  

Initial hyperparameters space 

Hyperparameters 

Values 

Layers 

Number of neurons of the dense layer 
Dropout rate of the dropout layer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 

1 dense layer, 1 dense layer +1 dropout 
layer 
32, 64 
0.2, 0.4 
(cid:0) 3, 10
10
32, 64  

(cid:0) 4

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide specific details about the data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline beyond mentioning the inclusion of lagged features for time series analysis. Lagging involves shifting the time series back by a specified number of periods, allowing the model to consider past values when making predictions. However, traditional image data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotating, scaling, etc., are not mentioned in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a detailed list of these techniques as they are not explicitly stated.