Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This   rising   number   of   digitised   herbarium   sheets   provides   an   opportunity   to   employ
computer-based   image   processing   techniques,   such   as   deep   learning,   to   automatically
identify species and higher taxa (Carranza-Rojas et al. 2017, Younis et al. 2018, Carranza-
Rojas   et   al.   2018)   or   to   extract   other   useful   information   from   the   images,   such   as   the
presence   of   pathogens   (as   done   for   live   plant   photos   by   Mohanty   et   al.   2016).   Deep
learning is a subset of machine learning methods for learning data representation. Deep
learning   techniques   require   huge   amounts   of   training   data   to   learn   the   features   and
representation of those data for the specified task by fine tuning parameters of hundreds or
thousands of neural networks, arranged in multiple layers. Learning the value of these
parameters can take vast computer and time resources, especially on huge datasets.

The most common type of deep learning network architecture being used for extracting
image   features   is   the   Convolutional   Neural   Network   (CNN)   (LeCun   and   Bengio   1995).
A convolutional neural network extracts the features of an image by passing through a
series of convolutional, non-linear, pooling (image downsampling) layers and passes them
to a fully connected layer to obtain the desired output. Each convolutional layer extracts the
visual features of the image by applying convolution operations to the image with kernels,
using a local receptive field, to produce feature maps and passing it as input to the next
layer. The initial layers in the network compute primitive features on the image, such as
corners   and   edges,   the   deeper   layers   use   these   features   to   compute   more   complex
features consisting  of curves and  basic  shapes  and  the   deepest   layers  combine  these

Biodiversity Data Journal 8: e57090

doi: 10.3897/BDJ.8.e57090 

Research Article 

Detection and annotation of plant organs from

digitised herbarium scans using deep learning

Sohaib Younis

‡,§

, Marco Schmidt

‡,|

Thomas Hickler

‡

, Claus Weiland , Stefan Dressler , Bernhard Seeger , 

‡

§

¶

‡ Senckenberg Biodiversity and Climate Research Centre (SBiK-F), Frankfurt am Main, Germany
§ Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University Marburg, Marburg, Germany
| Palmengarten der Stadt Frankfurt, Frankfurt am Main, Germany
¶ Senckenberg Research Institute and Natural History Museum, Frankfurt am Main, Germany

Corresponding author: Sohaib Younis (sohaibyounis89@gmail.com) 

Academic editor: Ross Mounce

Received: 30 Jul 2020 | Accepted: 16 Nov 2020 | Published: 10 Dec 2020

Citation: Younis S, Schmidt M, Weiland C, Dressler S, Seeger B, Hickler T (2020) Detection and annotation of

plant organs from digitised herbarium scans using deep learning. Biodiversity Data Journal 8: e57090. 

https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.8.e57090 

Abstract

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general knowledge about deep learning, some possible sources of raw data could include:

1. Surveys: In certain cases, data may be collected through surveys or questionnaires, which can then be processed and fed into a deep learning model. For example, in natural language processing tasks, text data might be gathered via online forms or social media platforms.

2. Sensors: Various types of sensors can collect data for deep learning applications. This includes cameras for image recognition tasks, microphones for speech recognition, or even specialized sensors like LiDAR for autonomous driving systems.

3. Public Datasets: Many researchers rely on publicly available datasets when working with deep learning models. These datasets often contain large volumes of labeled examples, making them ideal for training and testing purposes. Examples include ImageNet for object recognition, MS COCO for object detection, and the Stanford Question Answering Dataset (SQuAD) for natural language understanding.

Without further context, it is not possible to determine which method(s) were employed in this particular study. Nonetheless, these three approaches represent common ways of gathering raw data for deep learning pipelines.