Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Another finding is that Sentinel-2 provide data that can be used to

bined with other types of data in an efficient, for example in a model- 
assisted framework (e.g., Ståhl et al., 2016) or hierarchical modelling 
(e.g., Saarela et al., 2016, 2018).

2.2.4. Sentinel-2 data

modelling frameworks and combined with other types of data, thus, has 
the  potential  to  support  intergovernmental  policy  initiatives  such  as 
REDD, UNFCC and Kyoto Protocol in which India is involved in Clean 
Development  mechanism  (CDM)  by  giving  information  for  climate 
adaptation  and  mitigation,  sustainable  land  use  and  conservation  of 
biodiversity.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does indicate that Sentinel-2 provides data that can be used in various modeling frameworks and combined with other types of data. This suggests that remote sensing data from satellites like Sentinel-2 could potentially be one source of raw data in a deep learning pipeline. Other sources of raw data mentioned indirectly include those used in model-assisted frameworks and hierarchical modeling, but no further details about these methods are provided. Therefore, while we cannot definitively state what methods are used for collecting raw data based on this context alone, it does suggest that satellite imagery and possibly survey or sensor data may play a role in some cases.