Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  processing  of  high-resolution  remote  sensing  data,  which  en-
compasses  a  plethora  of  feature  information  (Girshick  et  al.,  2014), 
demands  significant  time  and  costs.  This  presents  considerable  chal-
lenges for many researchers (Modzelewska et al., 2020). Prior to clas-
sification, samples require training. The representativeness and quantity 
of  these  training  samples  significantly  influence  the  accuracy  of  the 
classification  models.  Platinum  (Ting,  2016)  demonstrated  that  when 
the training samples are not sufficiently typical, other categories can be 
easily misclassified into the sample’s category. If the number of training 
samples is insufficient, network training may not meet the requirements. 
Conversely, an excessive number of training samples can lead to data 
redundancy, reducing the efficiency of model training (Shi, 2018). To 
address  this  issue,  this  study  employed  feature  optimization  tools  to

Considerable  research  has been  conducted  on  tree  species  classifi-
cation using remote sensing data (Li et al., 2015). The consensus is that 
machine  learning  algorithms  provide  superior  overall  accuracy  in 
remote sensing classification compared to traditional methods (DeVries 
et al., 2015). Thus, in this study, a machine learning algorithm (Jernej 

Fig.  2. The  location  of  the  drone  shooting  data  in  the  Engebei  ecological 
demonstration area. 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022422J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 3. Orthophoto map.  

Fig. 4. The left and right images are the effect pictures after preprocessing in 2020 and 2021 respectively.

Immitzer, M., Atzberger, C., Koukal, T., 2012. Tree species classification with random 
forest using very high spatial resolution 8-band WorldView-2 satellite data[J]. 
Remote Sens. 4 (9), 2661–2693. 

Jernej, Jevˇsenak, Domen, Arniˇc, Luka, Krajnc, Mitja, Skudnik, 2023. Machine learning 
forest simulator (MLFS): R package for data-driven assessment of the future state of 
forests[J]. Ecol. Inform. 75. 

Jiaxin, Kong, 2020. Classification and Identification of Subtropical Evergreen Deciduous 
Broad-Leaved Mixed Forest Tree Species Based on UAV Remote Sensing Images [D]. 
East China Normal University. 

Judith, Avi˜na-Hern´andez, Mariana, Ramírez-Vargas, Francisco, Roque-Sosa, Martínez- 

Rinc´on, Raúl O., 2023. Predictive performance of random forest on the identification 
of mangrove species in arid environments[J]. Ecol. Inform. 75. 

Kim, C., Hong, S.H., 2008. Identification of tree species from high-resolution satellite

limited research focusing on tree species identification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or reference to the specific code repository where the deep learning pipeline used in this study is available. Therefore, I cannot provide accurate information regarding its availability on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. It would be best to contact the authors directly or refer to their published work for more details about accessing the source code.

Based on the context provided, it appears that the study employs a machine learning algorithm for tree species classification using remote sensing data. However, the exact nature of the deep learning pipeline used remains unclear without further information.