Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

at each split in the tree, 3) determines a split point from many possible 
values, and 4) averages trees. In random forests, the standard is to make 
use of bagging and tree averaging, rather than pruning trees or limiting 
tree size, to prevent over-fitting (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 
2006; Goldstein et al., 2011). Breiman (2000:4) wrote that ‘the largest 
trees possible result in the best accuracy.’ Indeed, typically fine-tuning 
parameters  is  unnecessary  to  achieve  accurate  performance  with 
random forests (Díaz-Uriarte and Alvarez de Andr´es, 2006).

1.4. Modeling approaches 

Modeling also includes selection of the classifier (or probability of 
occurrence estimator), which encompasses hundreds of different options 
(Fern´andez-Delgado  et  al.,  2014),  although  general  linear  models, 
MaxEnt,  and  random  forests  are  among  the  most  commonly  applied 
classifiers  (Santini  et  al.,  2021).  For  the  selected  classifier,  modeling 
package  options  enable  automated  tuning  for  parameters  through 
resampling and standard default values to reach the most accurate final 
model configuration. Multiple methods may be applied to detect over-
lapping outcomes, allowing some strength of evidence within a study 
rather  than  only  comparing  support  from  other  studies,  but  multiple 
methods may be too burdensome when hundreds or thousands of models 
are generated due to numerous species, predictor variable combinations, 
and time intervals.

Genuer, R., Poggi, J.M., Tuleau-Malot, C., 2010. Variable selection using random forests. 

Pattern Recogn. Lett. 31 (14), 2225–2236. 

Global Biodiversity Information Facility [GBIF], 2023. Free and Open Access to 
Biodiversity Data. Available at: www.gbif.org. Accessed 17 March 2023.  
Goldberger, A.S., Goldberger, A.S.G., 1991. A COURSE in econometrics. Harvard 

University Press. Available at https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=sites& 
srcid=ZGVmYXVsdGRvbWFpbnxlY29ub21ldHJpY3NpdGFtfGd4OjY5NmZiMDEw 
MzMwOTQyZTk accessed 3 March 2023.  

Goldstein, B.A., Polley, E.C., Briggs, F.B., 2011. Random forests for genetic association 

studies. Stat. Appl. Genet. Mol. Biol. 10 (1), 32. 

Goring, S.J., Williams, J.W., 2017. Effect of historical land-use and climate change on 

tree-climate relationships in the upper Midwestern United States. Ecol. Lett. 20 (4), 
461–470.

correlated predictors, only a subset of variables is considered for each 
tree and the rule at each branch is constructed with a single variable 
threshold. In the case of a reduced set of two input variables, random 
forests still 1) bootstraps samples from training data, 2) selects a feature

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, it mentions that for the selected classifier, modeling package options enable automated tuning for parameters through resampling and standard default values to reach the most accurate final model configuration. This could imply the use of optimization techniques like grid search or randomized search for hyperparameter tuning, but no explicit mention of SGD or Adam was found in the provided context.