Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

Deep	neural	networks	(a	more	complex,	recent	form	of	ANNs)	can	

be	used	with	very	large	input	feature	sets	(e.g.	complete	pixel	arrays	

for	images	or,	as	here,	x/y	values),	often	reducing	the	need	for	complex	

feature	identification.	This	more	automated	form	of	feature	extraction	

has	been	successfully	applied	in	speech,	audio	and	image	recognition	

where	 they	 have	 outperformed	 other	 machine	 learning	 techniques	

(see	 LeCun,	 Bengio,	 &	 Hinton,	 2015	 for	 a	 review).	 Deep	 learning	 is	

a	 relatively	 new	 ML	 technique	 that	 to	 our	 knowledge	 has	 not	 been	

applied	to	animal	tracking	data	or	animal	behavioural	studies	to	date,	

but	that	has	been	suggested	to	be	a	potentially	useful	tool	(Valletta,	

Torney,	Kings,	Thornton,	&	Madden,	2017).

Since	2010,	the	Royal	Society	for	the	Protection	of	Birds	(RSPB)	

has	been	carrying	out	an	extensive	seabird-	monitoring	project	around	

the	 UK	 and	 Ireland	 as	 part	 of	 the	 Future	 of	 the	 Atlantic	 Marine

each	species.	The	models	were	then	used	to	predict	the	diving	loca-

tions	of	birds	monitored	with	only	GPS	devices.

2.4 | Alternative prediction methods

To	 compare	 predictions	 obtained	 from	 deep	 learning	 models	 with	

methods	 used	 in	 previous	 studies	 classifying	 foraging	 behaviour	 in	

seabirds	HMMs,	a	naïve	Bayes	classifier	and	speed	and	tortuosity	pre-

dictions	were	implemented	on	the	data	(see	Appendix	S8,	supporting	

information	for	details	of	the	latter).	The	Naïve	Bayes	classification,	a	

supervised	 learning	 method,	 was	 implemented	 in	 r	 using	 the	 e1071	

package	 (Meyer,	 Dimitriadou,	 Hornik,	 Weingessel,	 &	 Leisch,	 2015).	

The	inputs	were	the	same	as	used	in	the	H2O	model,	and	the	depend-

ent	 variable	 (variable	 to	 be	 predicted)	 was	 the	 binary	 dive/not	 dive	

column.

HMMs	 are	 an	 unsupervised	 learning	 method	 that	 identifies	 dis-

crete	 states	within	 time-	series	 data	 and	 have	 been	 used	 extensively

ing	(ML)	methods	(where	a	labelled	dataset	is	used	to	learn	to	identify	

et	al.,	2008,	2009;	Kotzerka,	Garthe,	&	Hatch,	2009).	Early	methods	

known	classes)	to	predict	animal	behaviours	from	accelerometry	data	

of	 determining	 depth	 use	 by	 seabirds	 only	 allowed	 the	 maximum	

such	 as	 in	 cows	 (Martiskainen	 et	al.,	 2009),	 cheetahs	 (Grünewälder	

depths	reached	to	be	recorded.	More	recently,	however,	time–depth	

et	al.,	 2012)	 and	 penguins	 (Carroll,	 Slip,	 Jonsen,	 &	 Harcourt,	 2014).	

recorder	(TDR)	devices	have	been	used	to	record	dive	profiles	contin-

Nathan	 et	al.	 (2012)	 compare	 five	 supervised	 learning	 algorithms—

uously	(Dean	et	al.,	2012;	Shoji	et	al.,	2015;	Wanless,	Harris,	Burger,	&	

SVMs,	 linear	 discriminant	 analysis,	 random	 forest	 (RF),	 classification	

Buckland,	1997).

and	regression	trees	and	artificial	neural	networks	(ANN)—to	predict	

Much	 of	 the	 information	 about	 foraging	 behaviour	 has	 been

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the study focuses on applying deep learning models to predict diving locations of birds monitored with GPS devices. However, there is no explicit mention of specific data annotation techniques such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation within this context. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer based solely on the provided text.

However, generally speaking, in deep learning pipelines, various data annotation techniques can be employed depending on the nature of the task. For example, object detection tasks often involve bounding box annotations around objects of interest, while semantic segmentation tasks require pixel-level labeling of images. Instance segmentation combines both approaches, providing detailed annotations for individual instances of objects within an image. These techniques help train deep learning models to recognize patterns and make accurate predictions.