Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  mini-batch  size  is  user-adjustable  (typically  in  binary-number 
increments,  e.g.  2,  4,  8,  16,  32,  etc.)  depending  on  the  data  set.  Too 
small  a  mini-batch  size  may  provide  insufficient  image  data  for  the 
network  to  meaningfully  learn from  some or  all  of  the  classes  within 
each iteration, while too large a mini-batch size may cause the network 
to  overfit  to  the  training  images.  Because  of  the  high  computational 
complexity  of  the  deep  learning  process,  the  mini-batch  size  is  ulti-
mately limited by the amount of memory available to the GPU (in our 
case 8 GB), factoring in the size of the images (in our case 224 × 224 
pixels × 3 bands) and the number of internal parameters in the network 
(25.6 million in the case of ResNet-50). Thus, we were limited to mini-

2.2. Deep learning tools, principles and practicalities 

We  performed  all  deep  learning-related  operations  in  MATLAB 
2020b  (MathWorks  Inc.,  Natick,  MA,  USA)  equipped  with  the  Image 
Processing,  Computer  Vision,  Deep  Learning,  and  Parallel  Computing 
toolboxes. CNN training and image classification operations were pro-
cessed  on a  GeForce RTX  2070 Super  graphics processing  unit (GPU) 
(Nvidia Corp., Santa Clara, CA, USA) with 8 GB of memory. 

As the foundation of our CNN for detecting polar bears, we used the 
freely available residual network ResNet-50 (He et al., 2016), which has 
been  pre-trained  on  >1  million  images  from  the  ImageNet  database 
(http://www.image-net.org)  to  recognize  1000  categories  of  common 
objects,  including  numerous  animals.  Although  the  vast  majority  of 
these images are of an entirely different nature and/or visual perspective

the  first  fork  in  the  network.  These  are  the  layers  that  are  trained  to 
extract the lowest-level features of images and objects. Freezing them 
prevents  their  internal  parameters  from  being  adjusted  during  fine- 
tuning,  such  that  their  highly  robust  and  versatile  feature  extraction 
capacity  pre-trained  on  >1  million  images  was  not  weakened  by  our 
comparatively limited training set. 

3. Results

batches of 64 images. Smaller mini-batches were not desirable in our 
case  because  of  our  significantly  imbalanced  training  image  set  that 
required both a large variety of background images and a certain min-
imum  number  of  polar  bear  images  in  each  mini-batch  (see  section 
2.4.3). The precise numbers of training images of various sorts that we 
used at different stages of training our CNN were calibrated to ensure 
that the total number of training images was divisible by 64, so that no 
images were excluded from each training epoch. 

2.3. Collection and editing of Web images of polar bears

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The dataset used in this deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned among the commonly known datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it is stated that the freely available residual network ResNet-50 was used, which had been pre-trained on more than one million images from the ImageNet database. This suggests that the ImageNet dataset was utilized in the initial training phase of the model. Additionally, the authors mention using a significantly imbalanced training image set containing both a large variety of background images and a minimum number of polar bear images. Therefore, it can be inferred that the custom dataset used for further training and fine-tuning the model consisted primarily of polar bear and background images.