Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

While neural networks excel at image classification, notably re-
garding famous challenges such as ImageNet, their performance can be
curtailed in real-life classification problems, such as face recognition
(Zhou et al., 2015), medicine (De Fauw et al., 2018) or species identi-
fication (Mehdipour Ghazi et al., 2016). It should be noted that CNNs
alone can struggle with datasets if some classes are under-represented;
or if ground truth annotations are unreliable; or in the case of a fine-
grained classification task, where there are intricate links between
classes. Using CNNs in combination with other machine learning al-
gorithms, such as: linear models, random forests, Logistic Regression
(LR), and Support Vector Machines (SVMs) can improve classification
performances (Gao et al., 2017; Li and Yu, 2016). Li and Yu (2016) used
a random forest to process the feature activation map obtained from the
ReLU of a layer of an AlexNet network concatenated with hand-crafted

A ResNet152 was used as the baseline for classification perfor-
mance. This network was initially programmed using pre-trained
weights lifted from the ImageNet challenge. The top fully-connected
layer was replaced with a layer using ReLU activation, followed by a
dropout layer and a softmax layer, with outputs corresponding to the
number of classes (here 61). Firstly, the top layer was trained alone;
using features extracted from the convolutional layers, a Stochastic
Gradient Descent (SGD) with a learning rate of 10−3, and weight decay
rate set to 5 × 10−4. The whole network was then trained with SGD;

from underwater video using neural networks. Opt. Express 13, 8766. https://doi.
org/10.1364/OPEX.13.008766.

Masters, D., Luschi, C., 2018. Revisiting Small Batch Training for Deep Neural Networks.
McGill, B.J., Dornelas, M., Gotelli, N.J., Magurran, A.E., 2015. Fifteen forms of biodi-

versity trend in the Anthropocene. Trends Ecol. Evol. 30, 104–113. https://doi.org/
10.1016/j.tree.2014.11.006.

Mehdipour Ghazi, M., Yanikoglu, B., Aptoula, E., 2016. Open-Set Plant Identification

Using an Ensemble of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks. Working Notes of CLEF.
Mishkin, D., Sergievskiy, N., Matas, J., 2016. Systematic evaluation of CNN advances on
the ImageNet. Comput. Vis. Image Underst. 161, 11–19. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.
cviu.2017.05.007.

Niculescu-Mizil, A., Caruana, R., 2005. Predicting good probabilities with supervised

4. Methodology

details with corresponding accuracies.

This study sought to design and train an algorithm based on deep
CNN architectures, in order to identify a selection of coralligenous
species or their broader taxonomical group, and to assess the biodi-
versity and ecological status of coralligenous reefs. We designed a
custom methodology, drawing on state-of-the-art architectures and a
large database of annotated photographic quadrats. More specifically,
we performed the following analysis

(1) Assess human annotation error on a similar problem in order to

establish a baseline performance;

(2) Train simple CNNs on different patch sizes and build an ensemble
network in order to improve performances with multi-scale pre-
diction;

(3) Train a LR on deeply learned features from intermediate layers to

improve performances and calibrate the ensemble network;

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this study is to classify a selection of coralligenous species or their broader taxonomical groups. Additionally, it aims to assess the biodiversity and ecological status of coralligenous reefs. To achieve these goals, the authors have developed a custom methodology based on state-of-the-art deep convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures and a large database of annotated photographic quadrats. They perform several analyses, including training simple CNNs on different patch sizes and building an ensemble network for multi-scale prediction, as well as training a logistic regression (LR) on deeply learned features from intermediate layers to enhance performance and calibrate the ensemble network.