Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

of compute time to the tasks within the bootstrap filter. This showed that 
the  vast  majority  of  compute  time  was  spent  projecting  particles  for-
wards to the following time step (Table 2). The proportions of time spent 
on each task are likely to change with the state-dimensionality of the 
application  at  hand  and  the  amount  of  interaction  between  particles 
(Whiteley  et  al.,  2016).  Large  state-dimensionalities  or  particle  inter-
action  can  lead  to  a  higher  proportion  of  compute  time  spent  on  the 
resampling  step  in  particular.  In  these  cases,  there  exist  alternative 
resampling  methods  to  reduce  the  impact  of  particle  interactions  on 
computational  cost  (e.g.  Lee  and  Whiteley,  2016).  Note  that  imple-
mentations  of  the  algorithm  in  different  programming  languages, 
especially compiled ones such as C or Fortran, will vary slightly in the 
proportion of compute time spent in each task.

using LibBi arXiv preprint arXiv:1306.3277.  

Murray, L.M., Lee, A., Jacob, P.E., 2016. Parallel resampling in the particle filter. 

J. Comput. Graph. Stat. 25 (3), 789–805. 

Nanni, L., Maguolo, G., Paci, M., 2020. Data augmentation approaches for improving 

analysis on many-core CPUs and GPUs. Front. Neuroinform. 8, 24. 

animal audio classification. Eco. Inform. 57, 101084. 

Endo, A., van Leeuwen, E., Baguelin, M., 2019. Introduction to particle Markov-chain 

Monte Carlo for disease dynamics modellers. Epidemics 29, 100363. 

Farber, R., 2011. CUDA Application Design and Development. Elsevier. 
Filho, A.R., Martins de Paula, L.C., Coelho, C.J., de Lima, T.W., da Silva Soares, A., 2016. 
CUDA parallel programming for simulation of epidemiological models based on 
individuals. Math. Methods Appl. Sci. 39 (3), 405–411.

begin in an area of high posterior density, no samples were removed as a 
‘burn-in’.  No  posterior  samples  were  removed  via  thinning,  as  the 
resulting file sizes still allow for fast post-processing (Link and Eaton, 
2012). Convergence was assessed using the Gelman-Rubin diagnostic. 
To  visualise  posterior  marginal  distributions,  Guassian  kernel  density 
estimation was used, with bandwidth equal to one fifth of the sample 
standard deviation of posterior samples for each respective parameter.

Architecture in-Depth. NVIDIA Developer Blog. 

Kulkarni, S., Moritz, C.A., 2023. Improving effectiveness of simulation-based inference in 
the massively parallel regime. IEEE Trans. Parallel Distrib. Syst. 34 (4), 1100–1114. 

Lee, A., Whiteley, N., 2016. Forest resampling for distributed sequential Monte Carlo. 

Borowska, A., King, R., 2022. Semi-complete data augmentation for efficient state space 

Statistical Analysis Data Mining ASA Data Sci. J. 9 (4), 230–248. 

model fitting. J. Comput. Graph. Stat. 1–40. 

Box, G.E., 1958. A note on the generation of random normal deviates. Ann. Math. Stat. 

29, 610–611. 

Brooks, S., Gelman, A., Jones, G., Meng, X.-L., 2011. Handbook of Markov Chain Monte 

Carlo. CRC Press. 

Buckland, S., Newman, K., Thomas, L., Koesters, N., 2004. State-space models for the 

dynamics of wild animal populations. Ecol. Model. 171 (1–2), 157–175.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific postprocessing steps involved after model training. However, it does mention that no posterior samples were removed via thinning, as the resulting file sizes still allowed for fast post-processing. It also mentions that convergence was assessed using the Gelman-Rubin diagnostic. Additionally, Gaussian kernel density estimation was used to visualize posterior marginal distributions. These details suggest that some form of statistical analysis and visualization might be part of the postprocessing steps. Unfortunately, without more specific information, it is impossible to determine if saliency maps, metrics calculations, confusion matrices, or other techniques would be appropriate postprocessing steps for this particular case.