Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Active  learning  iterations  used  a  batch  size  of  64,  ten  epochs  and 
learning rate of 0.001. We used a grid search technique (Mohri et al., 
2018) to tune hyperparameters of the final model including the number 
of epochs, batch size and learning rate. 

2.3.3. Active learning framework 

We  applied  an  active  learning  approach  to  iteratively  train  and 
improve  the  CNN  model.  The  active  learning  approach  is  depicted 
within Fig. 3 and described below.

Sankupellay, M., Konovalov, D., 2018. Bird call recognition using deep convolutional 

neural network, ResNet-50. In: Proceedings of Acoustics. 

Sekercioglu, C.H., et al., 2008. Climate change, elevational range shifts, and bird 

extinctions. Conserv. Biol. 22 (1), 140–150. 

Settles, B., Craven, M., 2008. An analysis of active learning strategies for sequence 

labeling tasks. In: Proceedings of the 2008 Conference on Empirical Methods in 
Natural Language Processing, pp. 1070–1079. 

Teixeira, D., et al., 2022. Fledge or fail: Nest monitoring of endangered black-cockatoos 
using bioacoustics and open-source call recognition. Ecol. Inform. 69, 101656. 
Thakur, A., Thapar, D., Rajan, P., Nigam, A., 2019. Deep metric learning for bioacoustic 

classification: Overcoming training data scarcity using dynamic triplet loss. 
J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 146 (1), 534–547. 

Threatened Species Scientific Committee (TSSC), 2005. Commonwealth Listing Advice

100 target calls. To overcome this challenge, we applied a random se-
lection  approach  that  was  stratified  across  the  model’s  predictions 
(logits).  While  this  approach  substantially  reduced  class  imbalance 
within our evaluation data and allowed for the calculation of reliable 
evaluation  metrics  (Raeder  et  al.,  2012),  the  nature  of  this  approach 
alters  the  distribution  of  data  and  prohibits  evaluation  metrics  being 
generalised  to  the  unlabelled  data.  Additional  research  is  needed  to 
investigate more appropriate evaluation methods for highly imbalanced 
and unlabelled test data.

5. Conclusions 

Our study investigated the efficacy of active learning as a framework 
for  building deep  learning models  in a  setting  where  limited  training 
data were available and the cost to obtain training data was high. Using 
field  recordings  of  a  threatened  species,  the  southern  black-throated 
finch,  we  successfully  developed  and  demonstrated  the  value  of  an 
open  access  active  learning  method  that  considered  imbalanced  and 
unlabelled data and ambiguous vocalisations, which are common bar-
riers to constructing call recognition models for rare or cryptic species, 
and other species that vocalise infrequently. Our results demonstrate the 
utility of these methods in developing effective call recognisers for rare 
and difficult to survey species.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The hyperparameters of the model were optimized using a grid search technique. This technique involves specifying a set of values for each hyperparameter and then exhaustively trying all possible combinations of those values to find the best performing combination. In this case, the hyperparameters tuned included the number of epochs, batch size, and learning rate.