Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Benkendorf, D.J., Hawkins, C.P., 2020. Effects of sample size and network depth on a 
deep learning approach to species distribution modeling. Eco. Inform. 60, 101137. 
Bicudo, T., Llusia, D., Anci˜aes, M., Gil, D., 2023. Poor performance of acoustic indices as 
proxies for bird diversity in a fragmented Amazonian landscape. Eco. Inform. 77, 
102241. 

Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 45 (1), 5–32. 
Brown, A., Garg, S., Montgomery, J., 2019. Automatic rain and cicada chorus filtering of 

bird acoustic data. Appl. Soft Comput. 81, 105501. 

Brumm, H., 2006. Signalling through acoustic windows: nightingales avoid interspecific 
competition by short-term adjustment of song timing. J. Comp. Physiol. A. 192, 
1279–1285.

Automated  Remote  Biodiversity  Monitoring  Network  (ARBIMON; 
hereafter  referred  to  as  Arbimon)  is  an  online  open-source  platform 
linked  to  the  Rainforest  Connection  website  (https://arbimon.rfcx. 
org/),  with  a  combination  of  hardware  and  software  for  automating 
data acquisition, data management, and species identification based on 
audio recordings (Aide et al., 2013). From the several tools available to 
the user, we used a random forest model, which is a machine learning 
model based on decision trees and has shown to be robust and powerful 
(Breiman,  2001).  The  model  works  with  one  or  two  ROIs  (region  of 
interest, template, that contains the desired vocalization), the training 
data that contain validated recordings of the presence or absence of the 
vocalization provided by the user, and the threshold value set by the 
user. The threshold value ranges from 0 to 1. A score close to 0 means

The  R  (R  Core  Team,  2020)  package  monitoR  (Hafner  and  Katz, 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1023973M. Goitia-Urdiain et al.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Madalen Goitia-Urdiain: Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal 
analysis, Investigation, Methodology, Resources, Software, Validation, 
Visualization,  Writing  –  original  draft,  Writing  –  review  &  editing. 
Teresa Sauras-Yera: Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Method-
ology,  Project  administration,  Resources,  Supervision,  Validation, 
Visualization,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Gustavo  A.  Llorente: 
Conceptualization,  Funding  acquisition,  Methodology,  Project  admin-
istration,  Resources,  Supervision,  Validation,  Visualization,  Writing  – 
review  &  editing.  Eudald  Pujol-Bux´o:  Conceptualization,  Data  cura-
tion, Formal analysis, Investigation, Methodology, Resources, Software, 
Supervision, Validation, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing 
– review & editing. 

Declaration of Competing Interest

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to provide a direct link to the code repository of the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be noted that the paper mentions using the R package'monitoR', developed by Hafner and Katz. This might suggest that the authors have utilized this package in their workflow. To find more details about the specific implementation of the deep learning pipeline, I would recommend checking the references mentioned in the paper, such as Benkendorf and Hawkins (2020) and Breiman (2001), as well as looking into the documentation and source code of the'monitoR' package itself.