Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024672L. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

animals, even with a small number of samples. 

2.1.2. Training data preparation

speed is increased by 11 times, and the number of parameters is reduced 
by  1/6.8  (Tan  and  Le,  2021).  Based  on  this  network,  we  designed  a 
backbone  to  improve  the  training  speed  of  the  model  while  ensuring 
detection accuracy and speed.

EfficientnetV2 is an efficient, lightweight feature extraction network. 
The  EfficientNet  series  comprises  a  set  of  lightweight  convolutional 
neural networks. In the EfficientNetV1 series, Google’s focus was pre-
dominantly on optimizing the accuracy, parameter count, and compu-
tational  requirements  of  the  model  (Tan  and  Le,  2019).  The 
EfficientNetV2  series  further  reduces  the  number  of  parameters  and 
computations  while  preserving  the  accuracy  of  the  model,  leading  to 
significant  decreases  in  model  training  and  inference  duration. 
Furthermore, the EfficientNetV2 network uses an improved progressive 
learning approach that dynamically adjusts the regularization method 
based on the training image size. This method can improve the training 
speed  and  accuracy  of  the  network.  Compared  with  some  previous 
networks, the experimental results of this method show that the training

on their benthic organism dataset, compared to 93.25% with the orig-
inal  Faster  R-CNN  algorithm  (Liu  and  Wang,  2021).  These  methods 
demonstrate  the  value  of  deep-learning 
for 
aquaculture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It does not mention any specific repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.