Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

Maier, P.M., Keller, S., Hinz, S., 2021. Deep learning with wasi simulation data for 

estimating chlorophyll a concentration of inland water bodies. Remote Sens. 13, 718. 
https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13040718. 

Novo, E.M.L.M., Steffen, C.A., Braga, C.Z.F., 1991. Results of a laboratory experiment 
relating spectral reflectance to total suspended solids. Remote Sens. Environ. 36, 
67–72. https://doi.org/10.1016/0034-4257(91)90031-Z. 

Olmanson, L.G., Brezonik, P.L., Bauer, M.E., 2013. Airborne hyperspectral remote 

sensing to assess spatial distribution of water quality characteristics in large rivers: 
The mississippi river and its tributaries in minnesota. Remote Sens. Environ. 130, 
254–265. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2012.11.023.

Souza  et  al.,  2020).  Furthermore,  as  ML  methods  are  prone  to  over- 
fitting  and  the  curse  of  dimensionality,  decreasing  the  feature  space 
dimension using intelligent feature selection techniques can be another 
interesting topic of study. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgement

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the text. However, some common data augmentation techniques used in deep learning include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shifting images. These techniques help increase the amount of training data and improve the model's ability to generalize by introducing variations into the input data. It is important to note that the choice of data augmentation technique depends on the nature of the problem and the type of data being used. In the case of hyperspectral data for water quality prediction, appropriate data augmentation techniques would need to be carefully selected to ensure meaningful transformations that do not distort the underlying patterns in the data.