Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Training data

Stammerjohn, S., Barrington, L., 2020. Engaging ‘the crowd’in remote sensing to 
learn about habitat affinity of the Weddell seal in Antarctica. Remote Sens. Ecology 
Conserv. 6 (1), 70–78. 

Le, H., Samaras, D., Lynch, H.J., 2022. A convolutional neural network architecture 
designed for the automated survey of seabird colonies. Remote Sens. Ecology 
Conserv. 8 (2), 251–262. 

Liu, Y., Shah, V., Borowicz, A., Wethington, M., Strycker, N., Forrest, S., Lynch, H., 

Singh, H., 2020. Towards efficient machine learning methods for penguin counting 

Shuford, W.D., Spear, L.B., 1988. Surveys of Breeding Penguins and Other Seabirds in the 
South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, January–February 1987. NOAA Tech Rep NMFS 
F/NEC-5; National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Washington, DC, USA.  

Tovar-S´anchez, A., Rom´an, A., Roque-Atienza, D., Navarro, G., 2021. Applications of 
unmanned aerial vehicles in Antarctic environmental research. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 
21717.

Van Rijsbergen, C., 1979. Information retrieval: Theory and practice. In: Data Base 
Systems: Joint IBM/University of Newcastle Upon Tyne Seminar Held in the 
University Computing Laboratory, 4th–7th September, 1979; University of 
Newcastle Upon Tyne Computing Laboratory: Newcastle upon Tyne, p. 79. 
Weimerskirch, H., Prudor, A., Schull, Q., 2018. Flights of drones over sub-Antarctic 

seabirds show species and status-specific behavioural and physiological responses. 
Polar Biol. 41, 259–266. 

Witharana, C., Lynch, H.J., 2016. An object-based image analysis approach for detecting 
penguin guano in very high spatial resolution satellite images. Remote Sens. 8 (5), 
375. 

Wood, S.A., Robinson, P.W., Costa, D.P., Beltran, R.S., 2021. Accuracy and precision of 
citizen scientist animal counts from drone imagery. PLoS One 16 (2), e0244040. 

Xu, Z., Wang, T., Skidmore, A.K., Lamprey, R., 2024. A review of deep learning

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using machine learning to count Antarctic shag (Leucocarbo bransfieldensis) 
nests on images captured by remotely piloted aircraft systems 

Andrew Cusick a, 1, Katarzyna Fudala b, 1, Piotr Pasza Storo˙zenko a, Jędrzej 
Joanna Kaleta c, d, W. Chris Oosthuizen e, Christian Pfeifer f, Robert J´ozef Bialik b, * 
a Appsilon, Data for Good, Poland 
b Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, Pawi´nskiego 5A, 02-106 Warsaw, Poland 
c Sano Centre for Computational Medicine, Cracow, Poland 
d Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland 
e Centre for Statistics in Ecology, Environment and Conservation, Department of Statistical Sciences, University of Cape Town, Cape Town 7701, South Africa 
f Thuringian Institute of Sustainability and Climate Protection (ThINK), Leutragraben 1, 07743 Jena, Germany   

´
Swie˙zewski a,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers cited do not directly address the specific issue of handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing the impact of different random seed values. However, some general strategies can be applied to manage this type of randomness. These include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, using ensemble models with different initializations, or employing techniques like cross-validation to reduce variability caused by random factors. It is important to note that these strategies should be chosen based on the specific requirements and goals of each project.