Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We  classified  all  the  input  dataset combinations  (10  variable  sets; 
Table  2)  with  each  classifier  (RF,  SVM,  MARS)  and  with  two  sets  of 
classes (7C and 13C); thus, we had 60 models as a result of the classi-
fications. Classifications and hyperparameter tuning were conducted in 
R  4.2  (R  Core  Team,  2023)  with  the  caret  package  (Kuhnaut  et  al., 
2022). 

2.4. Accuracy assessment

Thirty models of the 10 input datasets with three classifiers revealed 
that the best five medians belonged to the SVM and RF, while the MARS 
was only ranked 6th (7C) and 10th (13C) (Fig. 6). The best OAs were 
96.1% (7C) and 85.4% (13C), and the model performance also depended 
on the input datasets, while the best accuracy of 7C was obtained with 
the RFE variable selection dataset. In the case of 13C, it required the use 
of  all  variables;  nevertheless,  the  RFE  dataset  ensured  only  slightly 
(1.1%)  worse  OA.  Regarding  the  minimum  OAs,  RF  (with  the  RFE 
dataset)  provided  3.8%  better  results  than  the  SVM  (with  the  RFE 
dataset; 80.7%) in the case of 7C, and we experienced the same in the 
case of 13C, but the difference was only 1.9%. The texture index alone 
was the worst input data, with median OAs of 38.8% and 30.9% (7C and 
13C, respectively), followed by 74.0% and 66.6% for spectral indices,

Altogether, we had 17 variables (spectral bands: green, red, red edge, 
NIR; spectral indices – NDVI, vNDVI, NDRE, DSM, and nine variations of 
the  texture  index, Run  Percentage, with three  kernel  and three  offset 
options in all combinations). We applied different input datasets using 
combinations of possible variables (Fig. 2 and Table 2). We also deter-
mined the most important variables based on the largest OA with the 
Recursive Feature Elimination (RFE) method. RFE is a variable selection 
method that can be combined with machine learning algorithms and we 
used the RF. RFE removes the variable with the lowest contribution from 
the input set to achieve the highest overall accuracy stepwise: first, the 
weakest variable is removed and continues until only one variable (with 
the  highest  contribution)  remains.  We  applied  the  RFE  in  two  steps 
(Chen et al., 2018; Rasel et al., 2021): (i) first we determined the best-

Table 2 
The different combinations of input datasets used for the classifications (Near Infrared [NIR], Normalized Difference Vegetation Index [NDVI], Normalized Difference 
RedEdge Index [NDRE] and visible NDVI [vNDVI], Digital Surface Model [DSM], kernel [k] and offset [o] values applied during the Run Percentage calculation).  

Code 

Description 

Input data 

a 
b 
si 
t 
bsi 
rfe 

tsi 
tb 
db 
dsi 

all type 
spectral bands 
spectral indices 
texture indices 
bands and spectral indices 
variable selection with Recursive Feature Elimination of the 7 class model 
variable selection with Recursive Feature Elimination of the 13 class model 
texture index and spectral indices 
texture index and spectral bands 
DSM and spectral bands 
DSM and spectral indices

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In this study, various input datasets were used for classification purposes. These datasets included combinations of spectral bands such as green, red, red edge, and near-infrared (NIR). Additionally, several spectral indices like normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), visible NDVI (vNDVI), normalized difference red edge index (NDRE), digital surface model (DSM), and nine variations of the texture index called Run Percentage were employed. The texture index was calculated using three kernel and three offset options in all combinations.

These datasets were utilized in different combinations, as shown in Figure 2 and Table 2. Some examples include 'a', which represents spectral bands,'si' representing spectral indices, 't' for texture indices, and 'bsi' combining both bands and spectral indices. Furthermore, the recursive feature elimination (RFE) method was applied to determine the most important variables based on the largest overall accuracy. This process involved removing the weakest variable stepwise until only one variable remained. Two types of RFE were implemented: one for the seven-class model ('rfe') and another for the thirteen-class model ('tsi').

However, it should be noted that these datasets do not correspond to well-known deep learning datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, they consist of specific combinations of spectral bands, indices, and textures tailored for this particular research project.