Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Forecasting ecological water demand of an arid oasis under a drying
climate scenario based on deep learning methods

Xu-dong Wang a, Hao-jie Xu a,b,*, Yan-xia Pan c, Xue-mei Yang d
a State Key Laboratory of Herbage Improvement and Grassland Agro-ecosystems; Key Laboratory of Grassland Livestock Industry Innovation, Ministry of Agriculture and
Rural Affairs; Engineering Research Center of Grassland Industry, Ministry of Education; College of Pastoral Agriculture Science and Technology, Lanzhou University,
Lanzhou 730020, China
b Center for Remote Sensing of Ecological Environments in Cold and Arid Regions, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou 730000, China
c Northwest Institute of Eco-Environment and Resources, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou 730000, China
d Tourism School, Lanzhou University of Arts and Science, Lanzhou 730000, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

2.3.3. LSTM model

The LSTM model is a type of machine learning model that is derived
from recurrent neural networks (RNN). Its special memory unit effec-
tively addresses the issue of gradient vanishing and explosion in RNN for
long-term sequences. The structure of the model is illustrated in Fig. 3.
The LSTM memory unit comprises a forget gate, input gate, output gate,
and hidden layer. Signals are transmitted between different units
through three control gates in the hidden layer, determining which in-
formation should be stored, read, and written. Because of the precise
control of information by gate structures, LSTM can effectively learn in
long time sequences and is well-suited for time series prediction.

|N|!

[f(S ∪ i) (cid:0)

f(S) ]

(14)

Where Φi is the SHAP value of feature i. The larger the SHAP value,
the greater contribution of the feature to the prediction; S is the set of
features; (S ⊆ N\i)denotes the subset that excludes feature i; N is the set
of all features; f is the prediction function of the model; f(S) is the pre-
diction result of the model on the set of features S; |S| denotes the
number of elements in set S.

2.4. Scenario analysis of oasis NDVI

groundwater level and hydrochemistry in the lower reaches of Heihe River
watershed, northwestern China. Hydrogeol. J. 18, 791–801.

Xiang, Z.R., Yan, J., Demir, I., 2020. A rainfall-runoff model with LSTM-based sequence-
to-sequence learning. Water Resour. Res. 56, e2019WR025326 https://doi.org/
10.1029/2019WR025326.

Xu, H.Q., 2006. Modification of normalised difference water index (NDWI) to enhance
open water features in remotely sensed imagery. Int. J. Remote Sens. 27, 3025–3033.
Xu, H.J., Wang, X.P., 2016. Effects of altered precipitation regimes on plant productivity

in the arid region of northern China. Ecol. Inform. 31, 137–146.

Xu, L.G., Zhou, H.F., Pan, F., Wu, L., Tang, Y., 2016. Spatial variability of precipitation
for mountain-oasis-desert system in the Sangong River basin. Acta Geograph. Sin. 71,
731–742. https://doi.org/10.11821/dlxb201605003.

Xu, H.J., Wang, X.P., Zhao, C.Y., Shan, S.Y., Guo, J., 2021. Seasonal and aridity

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the context of deep learning pipelines, there are several regularization methods used to prevent overfitting. Two commonly used techniques are Dropout and L2 Regularization.

Dropout is a technique where randomly selected neurons are ignored during training. They are "dropped-out" randomly, which helps to avoid overfitting. This means that their contribution to the activation of downstream neurons is temporally removed on the forward pass and any weight updates are not applied to the neuron on the backward pass. Essentially, each update to a neural network potentially represents a whole new network due to the dropped neurons.

On the other hand, L2 Regularization, also known as Ridge Regression or Weight Decay, is another method used to prevent overfitting. It involves adding a penalty equivalent to the sum of the squares of all the weights in the network to the loss function. This encourages smaller weights, leading to simpler models that generalize better.

These regularization methods help to improve the performance of deep learning models by reducing overfitting and improving their ability to generalize from the training data to unseen data.