Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

shown to reduce the processing time of image classification load by as 
much as 5× to 13× depending on the tasks (Fennell et al., 2022; Henrich

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arctic wildlife monitoring 
Deep learning 
ResNet-50 
MegaDetector 
Time-lapse camera

Separate  two-class  models  were  trained  for  Finnmark  and  Yamal 
using  the  keras  package  in  R  (Allaire  and  Chollet,  2023)  with  a  Ten-
sorFlow  backend (Allaire  and Tang,  2023).  Preliminary trials  showed 
that region-specific models performed better. The ResNet-50 architec-
ture, a convolutional neural network that is 50 layers deep (He et al., 
2015), was used to train the models with 55 epochs (number of times the 
algorithm goes through the entire training data set) and a batch size of 
64  (number  of  samples  to  work  through  before  updating  model  pa-
rameters)  with  a  one-cycle  learning  rate  (hyperparameter  controlling 
model  response  to  estimated  error  each  time  the  model  weights  are 
updated) policy with a minimum of 0.000001 and a maximum of 0.001 
(Smith, 2018).

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025784G. Celis et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

3.5. Workflow performance

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which hardware resources were utilized based solely on this context.