Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In addition,  in the prediction  of dissolved oxygen in  water, (Chen 
et  al.,  2020)  not  only  applied  water  quality  parameters  but  also 
considered parameters such as temperature, humidity, and atmospheric 
pressure in the air as input variables for the model, providing ideas for 
subsequent research. 

At last, for the dataset as listed in Table 1, and, three different data 
processing methods were trained and tested using the proposed method, 

4. Discussions 

Table 7 
Medians of measured versus computed DO concentration.  

The  above  results  and  analyses  show  that  traditional  machine 
learning  methods  (SVR)  and  deep  learning  methods  (LSTM)  can  be 
adapted  to  address  the  problems  of  poor  generalization  ability,  local 
optimum, underfitting, and overfitting of conventional models to predict 
DO concentration successfully. The machine learning and deep learning 
literature also discuss the prediction of DO concentration. For example, 

Models

(cid:0) 81.94 
(cid:0) 81.92 
(cid:0) 90.46 
(cid:0) 72.19 

Average of training and validation 

R2 (%) 

14.53 
14.11 
26.34 
5.40 

MSE (%) 

MAE (%) 

(cid:0) 97.72 
(cid:0) 97.64 
(cid:0) 98.52 
(cid:0) 94.15 

(cid:0) 81.66 
(cid:0) 81.97 
(cid:0) 90.17 
(cid:0) 79.82  

for  water  quality  and  ecological  health  assessment,  and  another  for 
forecasting nitrate decomposition in blast furnaces, proving its utility in 
environmental  management  and  industrial  pollution  control.  These 
diverse  applications  underscore  the  WTD-GWO-SVR  method's  adapt-
ability,  robustness,  and  significance  in  environmental  modeling, 

prediction, and decision-making processes. 

5. Conclusions 

The results of this work indicate that the four parameters of water

concentration  prediction  ability  than  the  standard  MLPNN  model 
(Areerachakul et al., 2013). Du combined RBFNN with the proportional 
integrated  derivative  algorithm  to  control  the  DO  concentration  in 
aviation  tanks.  GRNN  improves  approximation  ability  and  learning 
speed compared to RBF networks and is also suitable for predicting small 
sample sizes (Du et al., 2018). In predicting DO concentration in river 
water,  Heddam  applied  GRNN  for  modeling  hourly  DO,  at  Klamath 
River, Oregon, USA (Heddam, 2014a), whereas Cs´abr´agi used GRNN, 
RBFNN,  MLPNN,  and  MLR  for  the  River  Tisza  and  Danube  (Cs´abr´agi 
et al., 2019; Cs´abr´agi et al., 2017). Antanasijevi´c used GRNN, MLPNN, 
and  recurrent  neural  networks  (RNN)  for  DO  concentrations  in  the 
Danube River, North Serbia, and compared the results with that of MLR. 
ELM is a type of single hidden layer feedforward neural network, which

As can be seen from the Table 8 comparison of the average values of 
the training and validation phases, the MSE and MAE of WTD-GWO-SVR 
are reduced by 97.64% and 81.97%, respectively, and R2 is improved by 
14.11%  compared  to  WTD-SVR,  indicating  that  the  accuracy  of  the 
WTD-SVR model after optimization of GWO is substantially improved. 
In comparing the WTD-GWO-SVR model with LSTM, the MSE and MAE 
errors  are  reduced  by  98.52%  and  90.17%,  respectively,  and  R2  is 
improved by 26.34%. Compared with BPNN, MSE and MAE are reduced 
by 94.15% and 79.82%, respectively, and R2 is improved by 5.40%. In 
applications, the WTD-GWO-SVR algorithm can achieve better perfor-
mance in predicting DO concentration.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

To evaluate the performance of the deep learning model, several metrics are used. In the given context, the metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model are Mean Squared Error (MSE), Root Mean Square Error (RMSE), Coefficient of Determination (R^2), and Mean Absolute Error (MAE).

Mean Squared Error (MSE): It measures the average squared difference between the actual and predicted values. Lower values of MSE indicate better fit.

Root Mean Square Error (RMSE): It is the square root of the mean of the square of all of the error. RMSE is considered an excellent measure of goodness of fit.

Coefficient of Determination (R^2): It indicates the proportion of variance in the dependent variable that is predictable from the independent variable. A higher value of R^2 indicates a better fit.

Mean Absolute Error (MAE): It measures the average magnitude of errors in a set of predictions without considering their direction. Lower values of MAE indicate better fit.

From the table presented in the context, it can be observed that the WTD-GWO-SVR model has lower MSE and MAE values and higher R^2 values compared to other models like SVR, LSTM, and BPNN. This indicates that the WTD-GWO-SVR model performs better than these models in predicting DO concentration.