Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

large  training  datasets.  We  provide  simple  and  automated  meth-

connected to a Raspberry Pi (detailed explanation of the developed 

ods for collecting a very large number of labelled pictures by using 

setup  is  available  at  github.com/AndreCFerreira/Bird_individualID) 

FERREIRA Et Al. 2041210x, 2020, 9, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13436 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseMethods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

    |  1075

we describe a solution using low-cost RFIDs and low-cost cameras 

bears of the same species. Usually, CNNs that achieve large gener-

that are programmed to take labelled picture when PIT-tagged birds 

alization capability need to be trained over thousands to millions of 

land on an RFID-equipped feeder. We then (b) provide details of the 

pictures (Marcus, 2018). Such large datasets are required because 

steps  involved  with  data  pre-processing  and  the  training  of  an  ad-

the aim of using a CNN is to generalize recognition from the spe-

equate  CNN.  We  further  describe  approaches  for  augmenting  our 

cific  data  that  the  CNN  has  been  exposed  to  during  training.  For 

training datasets using algorithms that add noise and make modifi-

example, if a CNN was trained to distinguish two bears of the same 

cations to the original images. Next, we (c) evaluate the generaliza-

species with only pictures of the individuals lying down, it might be

tlenecks preventing the application of deep learning for individual identification 

is the need to collect and identify hundreds to thousands of individually labelled 

pictures to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs).

3.  Here we describe procedures for automating the collection of training data, gen-

erating training datasets, and training CNNs to allow identification of individual 

Handling Editor: Edward Codling

birds. We apply our procedures to three small bird species, the sociable weaver 

Philetairus socius, the great tit Parus major and the zebra finch Taeniopygia guttata, 

representing both wild and captive contexts.

4.  We first show how the collection of individually labelled images can be automated, 

allowing the construction of training datasets consisting of hundreds of images per 

individual. Second, we describe how to train a CNN to uniquely re-identify each indi-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available on GitHub at <github.com/AndreCFerreira/Bird\_individualID>.

Reference(s):
FERREIRA Et Al. 2041210x, 2020, 9, Downloaded from <https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13436> by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität, Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (<https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions>) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License