Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Ecological Informatics 57 (2020) 101086

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Correcting the eﬀect of sampling bias in species distribution modeling – A
new method in the case of a low number of presence data
Yi Mouaa,b,⁎

, Emmanuel Rouxb, Frédérique Seylerb, Sébastien Briolantc,d

T

a ESPACE-DEV, UMR 228 (IRD, UM, UR, UA, UG), Université de Guyane, Cayenne, French Guiana
b ESPACE-DEV (IRD, Univ Montpellier, Univ La Réunion, Univ Guyane, Univ des Antilles), Institut de Recherche pour le Développement (IRD), Montpellier, France
c Unité de Parasitologie et Entomologie, Département des Maladies Infectieuses, Institut de Recherche Biomédicale des Armées, 19-21 Boulevard Jean Moulin, 13005
Marseille, France
d IRD, AP-HM, SSA, UMR Vecteurs – Infections Tropicales et Méditerranéennes (VITROME), IHU - Méditerranée Infection, Aix Marseille Université, 19-21 bd Jean Moulin,
13385 Marseille Cedex 5, France

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about where the code repository for the deep learning pipeline is available. The text discusses various aspects related to species distribution modeling, including the effects of sample size, correction methods, and the performance of unbiased models versus corrected ones. However, it does not mention any specific details regarding the availability of a deep learning pipeline or its associated code repository. Therefore, based solely on this context, we cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.