Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Performance evaluation and results

model (Sowmya et al., 2020). The best model is selected comparing the 
performance scores of all possible combinations of hyperparameters.

(cid:0) 3, 10

(cid:0) 4;  

The following configuration optimized the performance of the model 
and was accordingly adopted for analysis: Adam solver (Kingma and Ba, 
(cid:0) 4,  constant  learning 
2014),  10 neurons  per  hidden  layer, alpha  = 10
rate, and rectifier activation function, also called Rectified Linear Unit 
(ReLU) activation function, defined as: 

(

)

{

ReLU

k

=

k, if k > 0;
0, if k⩽0.

(14) 

In the case of the RF, the hyperparameters include the number of 
decision trees in the forest, the maximum depth of the decision tree, the 
number of features considered by each tree when splitting a node, etc. 
This  set  of  hyperparameters  was  tested  using  the  grid  configuration 
shown below:  

1.  Number of decision trees: from 100 to 1000 (in steps of 100);  
2.  Number of features to consider at every split (max features): auto,

sqrt, log2, None;  

3.  Maximum number of levels in decision tree: None, or from 10 to 100 

(in steps of 10);

Schrader, F., Durner, W., Fank, J., Gebler, S., Pütz, T., Hannes, M., Wollschl¨ager, U., 
2013. Estimating precipitation and actual evapotranspiration from precision 
lysimeter measurements. Proc. Environ. Sci. 19, 543–552. 

Sowmya, M., Kumar, M.S., Ambat, S.K., 2020. Comparison of deep neural networks for 
reference evapotranspiration prediction using minimal meteorological data. In: 2020 
advanced computing and communication Technologies for High Performance 
Applications (ACCTHPA). IEEE, pp. 27–33. 

Toosi, A., Javan, F.D., Samadzadegan, F., Mehravar, S., Kurban, A., Azadi, H., 2022. 
Citrus orchard mapping in juybar, iran: Analysis of ndvi time series and feature 
fusion of multi-source satellite imageries. Ecol. Inform. 70, 101733. 

Troyanskaya, O., Cantor, M., Sherlock, G., Brown, P., Hastie, T., Tibshirani, R., 
Botstein, D., Altman, R.B., 2001. Missing value estimation methods for dna 
microarrays. Bioinformatics 17 (6), 520–525.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information on the exact metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the best model is selected based on the comparison of performance scores obtained from different combinations of hyperparameters. This suggests that some form of performance metric was indeed used during the evaluation process. Common metrics used to assess the performance of deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, and area under the curve (AUC), among others. These metrics help quantify how well the model performs in predicting the desired output. Without further details, it cannot be definitively stated which specific metrics were employed in this particular study.