Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

For the ML model, training and testing datasets were generated
through reference to existing field datasets and VHR images (Section
2.4.3, Table 2). Areas dominated by the target communities were digi-
tised as polygons and all pixels contained were extracted. These poly-
gons were then split into calibration and validation sets, with ~30% of
pixels for each VT reserved for independent model validation. Splitting
polygons rather than pixels minimises the effect of spatial autocorrela-
tion on model accuracies (Karasiak et al., 2022). We used a python
implementation of the XGBoostClassifier (Chen and Guestrin, 2016) to
classify the VTs, given optimised random trees can be developed
whereby each new tree learns from the errors of those previous. As input
to the ML algorithm, the seasonal vegetation index composites from S2,
backscatter composites from S1, elevation and slope were used, totalling
up to 54 features (Appendix-A). The compositing periods were chosen

>50% cover of U. galli

Molina grassland
>50% cover of M. caerulea
Juncus rushes
>50% cover of Juncus spp.

LWHab classes
(based on Phase-1)

Broadleaved woodland
Needleleaved woodland
Improved grassland,
Arable crops

Bracken
Acid grassland
Neutral grassland
Calcareous grassland
Dry dwarf shrub heath (Ddsh)
Wet dwarf shrub heath (Wdsh)
Fen, Marshy grassland, and Swamp
Modified bog
Blanket bog
Raised bog
Open dune, Dune Grassland, Dune Heath,
Dune Scrub
Saltmarsh

Ulex dominated scrub

Molina grassland

Juncus rushes

* Perennial ryegrass, Trifolium repens, Ranunculus repens, Cynosurus cristatus, Poa trivialis.

Fig. 4. Harmonisation of habitat classes within (a) GMEP to generate (c) GMEPmod demonstrated over one of the GMEP 1 km2 square (SquareID: EYAQHZ). LWHab
map (b) is also shown to demonstrate the similarities and differences with GMEP and GMEPmod.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027147S.M. Punalekar et al.

a) Step-1: Comparing LWHabmod and GMEPmod (actual accuracies)
b) Step-2: Applying decision rules based on the peat depth, particularly
those affecting wetland/bog classes, to modify GMEPmod data labels.
c) Step-3: Applying decision rules (in addition to Step-2) based on the
Phase-1 Habitat map, and particularly those impacting on the clas-
sification of grassland, heathland, and scrub classes, to modify the
GMEPmod data labels.

These exercises were repeated for the broad habitat classes by

modifying the GMEPBHmod labels through Step-2 and Step-3.

2.6.2. Accuracy assessment for Pembrokeshire County

We undertook a dedicated survey of vegetated semi-natural habitats,
in Pembrokeshire in 2022 (Fig. 2) using the EarthTrack mobile appli-
cation developed through Living Wales (https://earthtrack.aber.ac.uk/)

80
92
88
62
74
86
92
55
97
79

The accuracy assessment at the detailed classification level (Table 5)
showed that classes that were extensive across the country (e.g., culti-
vated/managed vegetation, broadleaved woodland, and needleleaved
plantations) or those dominated by a single or just a few species (e.g.
bracken) were mapped with relatively high accuracies. The classifica-
tion of these classes was strongly driven by EO-datasets and benefited
from systematic integration of each class-specific optimised data-layers.
High model accuracies were obtained for most of the target VTs
(Table 4). This indicated that with nationally consistent training-data,
data-driven algorithms can capture the spectral variations embedded
within the EO-data reasonably well.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Areas dominated by the target communities were digitized as polygons, and all pixels contained were extracted. These polygons were then split into calibration and validation sets, with approximately 30% of pixels for each VT reserved for independent model validation. Spatial autocorrelation effects on model accuracies were minimized by splitting polygons instead of pixels. The Python implementation of the XGBoostClassifier was used to classify the VTs, utilizing optimized random trees where each new tree learned from the errors of those previous. Seasonal vegetation index composites from S2, backscatter composites from S1, elevation, and slope were used as inputs to the machine learning algorithm, totaling up to 54 features. Compositing periods were chosen based on >50% cover of specific plant species or habitat types.