Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

Drawing training and testing data from the same plot locations has 
the  potential  to  introduce  spatial  autocorrelation.  For  any  spatially 
referenced ecological data, nearby locations can be expected to be more 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016585H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 4. Transfer Learning methodology for training our network.  

acquired at the CK field site, which were not used in either the manual 
comparisons with field data or the deep convolutional neural network 
model  training.  Correlations  between  the  automatically  segmented 
photos and field measured data from the CK field site were undertaken 
with  the  same  methods  described  previously  for  the  manually 
segmented photos collected at the PM and CL field sites. 

3. Results

our study, is due to the deep learning method’s loss function, which is 
biased toward overrepresented classes. This represents a performance 
barrier for any study using semantic segmentation with few images and 
high class-imbalance.

The goal of semantic segmentation is to automatically assign one of 
the ten previously described cover types to each pixel of the nadir image. 
This  is  a  complex  task  since  many  vegetation  types  have  only  subtle 
differences  in  appearance,  and  exhibit  irregular  shapes  and  sizes.  We 
used the framework of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) in 
our work as it has been found to work well for semantic segmentation 
purposes;  however,  this  framework  is  notorious  for  requiring  a  large 
number  of  labeled  images  for  the  training  process,  which  we  lacked. 
Therefore,  we  opted  to  use  Transfer  Learning  when  dealing  with  our 
limited dataset. Transfer learning involves transferring knowledge ac-
quired by training a model in one particular task to another, related task. 
In  our  case,  we  used  the  pre-trained  Deeplabv3-ResNet101  model 
(Chen et al., 2017) as our base network for deriving knowledge to solve

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in the research. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query. However, if available, such links are usually included in the paper's references or supplementary materials section. Please refer to those sections for further details.