Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

their  convolutional  kernels  and  pooling  layers.  Regarding  this  issue, 
Zhang  et  al.  (2019)  incorporated  a  long  short-term  memory  (LSTM) 
network to develop a 3DCNN-LSTM model as a classifier, making the 
network more sensitive to the temporal changes in birdsong informa-
tion. It is important to note that the use of RNNs such as the CRNN model 
requires  more  computing  resources  for  training,  and  performance 
improvement is not always guaranteed. Another common approach to 
addressing  the  limitations  of  CNNs  is  to  introduce  attention  mecha-
nisms.  For  example,  Soundception  (Sevilla  and  Glotin,  2017)  was 
developed  by  introducing  time  and  time-frequency  attention  mecha-
nisms to Inception V4; the resulting model achieved first place in the 
BirdCLEF  2017  Competition.  Fu  et  al.  (2023)  proposed  an  improved 
ACGAN model named DR-ACGAN based on the residual structure and an

The model’s activation positions tended to be more dispersed and in 
the long-range in the order and family branches. Conversely, the acti-
vation positions in the genus and species branches exhibited a higher 
degree of concentration and more similarities. However, the model oc-
casionally  detected  some  background  noise.  Overall,  this  shows  the 
model’s proficiency in accurately identifying bird vocalizations despite 
the  need  for  further  research  to  effectively  mitigate  background 
interference. 

5. Discussion 

Previous research has scarcely explored the integration of biological 
information into deep learning classifiers for bird acoustics. This study 
investigated the capability of deep learning algorithms to improve bird 
acoustic  identification  by  leveraging  hierarchical  structures,  with  a 
particular focus on discerning subtle differences in birdcalls within the 
same branch based on the phylogenetic “tree”.

The model was trained over 200 epochs using the Adam optimizer 
(cid:0) 5. The batch size 
(Kingma and Ba, 2015), with a weight decay of 1 × 10
was fixed at 16, and the loss function was updated as per Eq. (6). The 
learning rate was initially set at 0.001 and was subsequently reduced by 
a  factor  of  0.1  in  a  step-wise  manner  whenever  the  validation  loss 
remained  constant  for  five  epochs.  The  minimum  learning  rate  was 
(cid:0) 5. The hyper-parameter λ in Eq. (4) was set to 0.8, 
established at 1 × 10
Mk  in Eq. (5) was defined as 2k+1(k = 1, 2, …K), and β in Eq. (6) was set 
to 0.4.

13/47/100  

the  two  datasets  using  the  “stratified  sampling”  method.  We  selected 
birds of different class sizes from BirdCLEF2018, abbreviated as “BC-S" 
(BirdCLEF-Small)  and  “BC-L"  (BirdCLEF-Large).  From  the  Lishui- 
Zhejiang Birdsdata, we chose 100 bird species, referred to as “LS”. We 
then halved the number of training samples of each species for “LS” to 
construct  a  supplementary  small-scale  training  set,  denoted  as  “LS*”. 
The datasets were divided into three exclusive groups: 80% for training, 
10% for validation, and 10% for testing to compare the experimental 
results. Detailed statistical information is presented in Table 3. 

4.2. Experimental results 

This section presents the experimental results of our PPNN model,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any explicit mention of the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models discussed in the given text. Therefore, it cannot be determined which hardware resources, such as GPUs or TPUs, were utilized for training these models.