Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

filter, WQ inlets, weekly street sweeping, wet pond, and wetland detention. Bars with gray outlines and white filling represent BMPs for which efficiency data was 
not available.

(WBID).  Specifically,  248  impaired  WBIDs  have  been  selected  for 
addressing nutrient or dissolved oxygen levels using the TMDL approach 
(Florida Department of Environmental Protection, n.d.-e).

loads  within 

Fig.  1. The  framework  of  the  equitable  nutrient  reduction  decision  support  tool  developed  in  this  study.  EJ:  environmental  justice.  USLE:  Universal  Soil  Loss 
Equation. BOD: Biochemical oxygen demand. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024963S. Kamanmalek and N. Alamdari

Fig. 2. Geospatial distribution of pollutant loads (kg/year) from urban land use across Florida HUC-12 watersheds using quartile classification; (a) Total nitrogen 
(TN). (b) Total phosphorus (TP). (c) Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD). (d) Total suspended solids (TSS).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific hardware resources used for training a deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other hardware resources were utilized based solely on the provided text.

Based on the context, we can only infer that a decision support tool has been developed for equitable nutrient reduction in Florida watersheds. This tool uses geospatial analysis to assess pollutant loads from urban land use across different watersheds. However, there is no mention of any deep learning models being employed or the hardware resources used for their training.