Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tions of the training data, and the gap between these and the test
data on which the developed algorithms will be evaluated.28

or in terms of certain traits, for example, toward species that are
typically considered more photogenic due to large colorful
ﬂowers or leaves. Search terms could be modiﬁed to either focus
on a speciﬁc sub-group, e.g., searching using scientiﬁc names,
or to exclude non-target images, e.g., excluding images that
include the words ‘‘show’’ or ‘‘garden’’ in their metadata. Finally,
high-level image classiﬁers could be trained to remove images
that are clearly not plants, for example, removing images of an-
imals, paintings. High-level classiﬁers developed to separate im-
ages that contain plants from those that do not, without looking
to identify species, could be used to ﬁnd images worthy of further
examination in large datasets that do not have metadata (such as
titles and descriptions),
removing the need for keyword
searches, such as that used in this study.

Methods
Searching Flickr
We accessed publicly visible image data on the website Flickr (www.ﬂickr.
com). Flickr is a website used for image hosting and has an application pro-
gramming interface (API) that allows queries of the image database. Images
hosted on Flickr tend to be better annotated with tags, location, and descrip-
tion than other potential sources of image data, such as Twitter, potentially
because Flickr is targeted at people with a keen interest in photography.
This potentially explains why Flickr has been used in previous studies to
develop a better understanding of people’s subjective experience of the envi-
in which they live,41 and to automate assessment of cultural
ronment
ecosystem services.34 We searched Flickr using the R-package ‘‘photo-
searcher’’46 (https://github.com/ropensci/photosearcher) for images that con-
tained the word ‘‘ﬂower’’ in either their title, description, or tags. We found that

custom RShiny app (see Supplemental Information). The original Flickr URL of
each image was also provided so that the expert could view other contextual
information, such as comments on the photo and adjacent images taken by
the same photographer. Within the app, the expert assessed each photo using
a standard set of questions. These were: (1) whether real plants were the main
focus of the photo; (2) if so, whether a single plant species was the focus; (3)
whether any real plant in a photo was considered to be clearly identiﬁable to
species; (4) whether the Pl@ntNet identiﬁcation was considered correct at
each of the family, genus, and species levels; (5) the national (British) status
of the focal species of the image, i.e., whether the species was native to Britain,
or considered to have been introduced by humans, either recently (post-1500;
a ‘‘neophyte’’) or anciently (pre-1500; an ‘‘archaeophyte’’); (6) whether the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. Therefore, I cannot determine whether grid search, random search, or another method is used for optimization.