Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

data), allowed the models to yield an almost perfect fit against the model 
development dataset.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027119S. Khanmohammadi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

line with the fact that the dataset is limited, comprising only 113 data 
records.  TABPFN  is  better  suited  to  perform  well  on  such  a  limited 
dataset (Hollmann et al., 2022).

Data-driven models depend on a number of parameters, known as 
hyperparameters,  which  are  employed  to  enhance  and  regulate  the 
learning  procedure.  Optimal  hyperparameter  selection 
leads  to 
improved model accuracy and enhanced prediction performance (Aze-
dou et al., 2023). To fine-tune hyperparameters in data-driven models, 
the development dataset (comprising all data records except the evalu-
ation data records) is divided into two categories: the training dataset 
and the tuning dataset. Given the size constrains of the dataset used in 
the  analysis  and  the  need  to  utilize  all  development  data  records  in 
training  to  enhance  the  model’s  generalization  ability,  k-fold  cross- 
validation  was  chosen  as  the  preferred  approach  for  hyperparameter 
tuning (Saha et al., 2022). In this technique, the development dataset is 
evenly divided into k groups. During each iteration, one group called the

(t(cid:0) 1) + ft(xi)

)

+ Ω(ft)

(4)  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027113S. Khanmohammadi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

∑

where l is the loss function or error quantification; t is the number of 
iterations; Ω is the penalty for complicated models; yi is the output of the 
model; 
is  associated  with  the  summation  of 
current  and  previous  loss.  By  optimizing  the  loss  function,  the  most 
accurate XGBoost model can be developed based on the input dataset. 

(t(cid:0) 1) + ft(xi)

yi, ̂yi

n
i=1l

)

(cid:0)

(3)  The OOF predictions are averaged over the n number of rounds to 

reduce variance.  

(4)  The averaged OOF predictions are stacked and used as features to 

train a 2nd layer of models.  

(5)  Steps 2–4 are repeated for L stacking layers to create a powerful

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment.