Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Active  learning  iterations  used  a  batch  size  of  64,  ten  epochs  and 
learning rate of 0.001. We used a grid search technique (Mohri et al., 
2018) to tune hyperparameters of the final model including the number 
of epochs, batch size and learning rate. 

2.3.3. Active learning framework 

We  applied  an  active  learning  approach  to  iteratively  train  and 
improve  the  CNN  model.  The  active  learning  approach  is  depicted 
within Fig. 3 and described below.

validation  (Section  2.3)  and  test  datasets  (Section  2.4)  prior  to  the 
commencement of CNN development. The training/validation dataset 
comprised  6363  h  of  audio  from  ten  independent  sites  (five  solar- 
powered bioacoustic recorders and five Audiomoth recorders) and the 
test dataset comprised 2735 h of audio from nine independent sites (four 
solar-powered bioacoustic recorders and five Audiomoth recorders) that 
were different from the training/validation dataset. All audio data were 
unlabelled at the commencement of the study. 

All recorders were set to record 10-min files continuously between 6 
am and 6 pm daily, which reflected the diurnal activity patterns of SBTF. 
We stored audio data as FLAC files at a sampling rate of 44.1 kHz for the 
solar-powered bioacoustic recorders and WAV files at a 32 kHz sampling 
rate for the Audiomoth recorders. 

2.3. CNN development 

2.3.1. Data pre-processing

Each successive model iteration was trained on 70% of the training 
data and validated against 30% of the training data. The train/valida-
tion split approach minimises potential overfitting of the model on small 
samples sizes, when compared to a cross-validation approach (Vabalas 
et  al.,  2019).  We  chose  F1  score  as  our  validation  metric,  which  is  a 
standard performance metric that includes information on both model 
precision and recall (Mohri et al., 2018,; Stowell, 2022). Iterative model 
training stopped when the stopping criterion was reached, which was 
when successive model iterations did not reduce the F1  score. A final 
model was then trained using the combined training and validation data. 
A  separate  test  dataset  was  used  for  final  testing/evaluation  of  the

Sankupellay, M., Konovalov, D., 2018. Bird call recognition using deep convolutional 

neural network, ResNet-50. In: Proceedings of Acoustics. 

Sekercioglu, C.H., et al., 2008. Climate change, elevational range shifts, and bird 

extinctions. Conserv. Biol. 22 (1), 140–150. 

Settles, B., Craven, M., 2008. An analysis of active learning strategies for sequence 

labeling tasks. In: Proceedings of the 2008 Conference on Empirical Methods in 
Natural Language Processing, pp. 1070–1079. 

Teixeira, D., et al., 2022. Fledge or fail: Nest monitoring of endangered black-cockatoos 
using bioacoustics and open-source call recognition. Ecol. Inform. 69, 101656. 
Thakur, A., Thapar, D., Rajan, P., Nigam, A., 2019. Deep metric learning for bioacoustic 

classification: Overcoming training data scarcity using dynamic triplet loss. 
J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 146 (1), 534–547. 

Threatened Species Scientific Committee (TSSC), 2005. Commonwealth Listing Advice

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The data was split into three sets: training, validation, and test datasets. Each successive model iteration was trained on 70% of the training data and validated against 30% of the training data. This train/validation split approach aimed to minimize potential overfitting of the model on small sample sizes. The choice of this method was based on its effectiveness in comparison to a cross-validation approach. For the final evaluation of the model, a separate test dataset was used.