Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

with 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, and 3 neurons 
each, all using the rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function; for 
the output layer we used the sigmoid activation function. We used the 
LSTM method by adding a long short term memory block on the DNN’s 
architecture  previously  described.  The  implementation  of  the  classifi-
cation methods was carried out in Python using the libraries TensorFlow 
and Scikit-learn (Van Rossum and Drake Jr, 1995). Finally, we obtained 
the accuracy, true positive rate and false positive rate using the afore-
mentioned training-test splits of the time series.

machine  learning  methods:  Support  Vector  Machines,  Deep  Neural  Networks,  Long  Short  Term  Memory  and 
Random Forests. The PBP method yielded a competitive performance associated with higher true-positive rates 
in most comparisons while providing interpretability rather than being a black-box method. It is an improvement 
over current state-of-the-art machine learning tools, especially by non-specialists, such as ecologists aiming to use 
a quantitative approach for pest monitoring. We provide the implemented PBP method in Python through the 
pypbp package.

Table 2 shows that the PBP method is competitive with state-of-the- 
art  machine  learning  methods,  such  as  the  commonly  used  Random 
Forest (RF) algorithm. The criterion of a false positive rate of at most 0.2 
provides an accuracy of 91.0%, a false positive rate of 8% and a true 
positive  rate  of  75%.  Only  DNN  could  obtain  similar  values  of  true 
positive rate for this case study. Moreover, our method using the criteria 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022206G.R. Palma et al.

We selected 40%, 50%, 60% and 70% of the initial observations of 
the time series for training and the complement as test sets to obtain the 
accuracy, true-positive rates and false-positive rates. We compared the 
performance  of  the  PBP  method  with  Random  Forests  (RF),  Support 
Vector Machines (SVM), Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and Long Short 
Term Memory (LSTM) algorithms. To obtain the algorithm performance 
using these competing methodologies, we created the matrix P with m =
1, 4 and 7. Another matrix that did not contain outbreaks was generated 
with the same m observations before a threshold lower than the popu-
lation size x* = 200 that defines an outbreak of aphids in the study area. 
For RF, we used 2 splitting predictors per tree (for m = 4 and 7), and 
a total of 1000 trees. For SVM, we used the linear kernel. For DNN, after 
experimenting  with  different  architectures,  we  used  17  hidden  layers

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors have used various percentages of the initial observations from the time series for training their deep learning models. Specifically, they have chosen 40%, 50%, 60%, and 70% of the initial observations for training purposes. The remaining portion of the dataset, which is the complement of the training set, has been utilized as the test set. This way, they aimed to evaluate the performance of their proposed Predictive Bayesian Pareto (PBP) method against other popular machine learning techniques like Random Forests (RF), Support Vector Machines (SVM), Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), and Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) algorithms. By comparing the results across different proportions of training and testing datasets, the researchers were able to assess the robustness and generalizability of their proposed PBP method.