Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1. Dataset description 

A detailed description of the collected dataset is given in this section. 
A publicly available dataset of environmental microorganisms EMDS-6 
is  used  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  architecture.  The 
considered  dataset  consists  of  840  different  images  of  environmental 
microorganisms having 21 categories consisting of 40 images for each 

Operating system 
Processor 
RAM 
Programming language 
Development environment 
Input dataset 
Input dimensions 
Batch size 
Loss 
Activation function 
Learning rate 
Epochs 
Optimizer 

MAC OS 
Apple M1- Chip 
8 GB 
Python 3.6.5 
TensorFlow 2.2.0, Keras 2.4.0 
EMDS-6 
224 × 224 
32 
Categorical Cross Entropy 
GELU 
0.002 
100 
AdamW

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

To further validate the performance of the proposed model EMViT- 
Net,  the  acquired  findings  were  compared  with  other  state-of-the-art 
models. The performance measures used to compare the performance 
of  EMViT-Net  with  other  deep  learning  models  are  evaluated  on  the 
validation set and test set of the considered dataset EMDS-6. The com-
parison of the classification results achieved by other pre-trained deep 
learning models is given in Table 4 and Table 5 which illustrates the 
finding on each set validation set and test set respectively by calculating 
the  average  value  of  precision,  recall  and  f1-score  for  all  categories 
which are named as Avg_Precision, Avg_Recall and Avg_F1-score. The 
detailed analysis of the proposed network EMViT-Net and other deep 
learning models with specific configurations on unseen test sets is out-
lined  here  which  shows  that  the  EMViT-Net  outperforms  precision,

ViTs are not suitable for small-size datasets as they are unable to extract 
muti-scale features and lack the locality that CNNs were designed for. 
A novel transformer-based architecture is proposed in this study to 
increase  the  performance  of  the  ViT  even  in  the  absence  of  a  large 
dataset  and  achieve  state-of-the-art  results  for  the  classification  of 
environmental microorganisms into 21 categories using a microscopic 
image  dataset  EMDS-6.  The  key  distinction  between  the  proposed 
framework  and  earlier  research  is  the  employment  of  a  transformer 
network  incorporating  convolution  operations  with  Separable  con-
volutional  parameter-sharing  attention  (SCPSA)  in  its  core  section  to 
enable reliable and effective training of the network on a limited-size 
dataset  by  extracting  multiscale  features  from  the  images.  The  main 
contribution of the proposed study is defined as follows:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The dataset used in the deep learning pipeline is the Environmental Microorganism Dataset - 6 (EMDS-6). This dataset is publicly available and consists of 840 different images of environmental microorganisms, divided into 21 categories with 40 images for each category. The proposed architecture was tested on this dataset and achieved prominent results compared to other deep learning models. It also performed well with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.