Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026075F. Guo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Fig. 4. Flow chart of the overall workflow. 
Note: SSA: Space-spectrum-array. 

Table 3 
Feature variables of the satellite data.  

Feature types 

Feature variable 

Number of feature variable 

Spectral features 

Vegetation Indices 

Blue, Green, Red, 
NIR, SWIR1, SWIR2 
NDVI, EVI, MSAVI, NDTI, 
MNDWI, NDBI, BSI, DBSI  

6*3 

8*3

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10260711F. Guo et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arid zone 
LULC 
Tile 
Multiple probabilistic classification 
Space–spectrum array 
Random forest 
Google earth engine

The SSA-TPRF model was deployed on the GEE platform, indicating 
that  it  has  good  migration  performance  and  can  be  utilised for  LULC 
mapping,  wetland mapping,  crop mapping,  grassland mapping,  forest 
monitoring,  and  aboveground  biomass  estimation.  The  advent  of  the 
GEE has significantly advanced large-scale scientific research. The GEE, 
a nonprofit cloud-computing platform for geospatial analysis, offers an 
extensive  repository  of  Earth  observation  data,  various  classification 
algorithms, and robust cloud-computing capabilities, thereby providing 
an effective solution for processing RS data (Gorelick et al., 2017). The 
GEE's  user-friendly  programming  interface  empowers  users  to  define, 
create,  and  execute  custom  algorithms  tailored  to  their  analytical  re-
quirements  (Pizarro  et  al.,  2022).  This  feature  enables  researchers  to 
conduct  a  wide  range  of  large-scale  scientific  studies,  such  as  LULC

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention or reference to any specific data repository link related to the deep learning pipeline used by F. Guo et al. Therefore, without additional context or details about the study, it is not possible to provide a direct answer to this query.