Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

For  the  purpose  of  evaluating  the  performance  of  the  model,  two 
standard  metrics  are  used  to  evaluate  the  accuracy  of  the  detection: 
mean average precision (mAP) and recall. Mean average precision is the 
average of the weighted mean of precision of each class, and recall is the 
percentage of correct detected objects out of all the correct targets. In 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025623H. Zou et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

other words, recall represents the capability of detecting all the all in-
stances of the target class and mean average precision shows how much 
we can trust the identified result.

√
̅̅̅
ρ

Table 1 
Benchmarks (in percentage) of our best model without post image processing. 
Minimum detection confidence scores 0.7 is used.  

Iou threshold = 0.5 

Greenland 

Sweden 

Average precision 
Average recall 

90% 
94% 

91% 
95% 

Kenya 

89% 
96%  

more the index of aggregation approaches zero. 

3. Results 

3.1. Bacterial abundance

The three sampling locations exhibit noticeable differences in bac-
terial abundance and morphology, which can be attributed to various 
experimental conditions and strong differences in image quality. These 
data were utilized as a validation set to assess the efficacy of our deep 
learning recognition model in accurately capturing and quantifying such 
differences, thereby demonstrating its proof of concept. The sampling 
sites  were  thus  chosen  to  provide  large  differences  in  environmental 
conditions to demonstrate the versatility of the approach; it should be 
noted that our objective did not encompass a comparison of the effects of 
different experimental conditions on bacterial morphology. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025622H. Zou et al.

include  flip, rotations  and  affine  transformation. We  then  trained the 
same dataset with ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 
500 epochs. It is worth noting that the selection of image augmentations 
is  of  crucial  importance  to  improve  training  performance.  Multiply, 
linear  contrast,  sharpen,  emboss,  flip  in  horizontal  and  vertical  di-
rections,  rotations  and  affine  transformation  were  used  for  heavy 
augmentation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Two standard metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model: mean average precision (mAP) and recall. Mean average precision is the average of the weighted mean of precision of each class, while recall is the percentage of correct detected objects out of all the correct targets. In other words, recall represents the capability of detecting all instances of the target class, and mean average precision shows how much we can trust the identified result.