Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

Fig. 2 summarizes a series of processes in designing a deep-learning 
architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool. Subsequent sections will 
provide a comprehensive description of each section. 

2.1. Data collection

2.6. Performance metrics 

Conventional  metrics  were  used  to  evaluate  the  model’s  perfor-
mance, such as confusion matrices, accuracy, recall, precision, F1-score, 
Cohen  Kappa,  and  the  area under  the  ROC curve,  some of  which  are 
defined below (Johnson and Khoshgoftaar, 2019).  

Table 1 
List of hyperparameters utilized for training the Recurrent Neural Network 
model.  

Hyperparameter 

Value 

Optimizer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 
Epochs 
Dropout rate 
Loss function 

ADAM (Kingma and Ba, 2017) 
0.003 
32 
100 
0.5 
Binary Cross Entropy  

●  Confusion Matrix

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026539U. Olivares-Pinto et al.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using honey bee flight activity data and a deep learning model as a 
toxicovigilance tool 

Ulises Olivares-Pinto a, C´edric Alaux b, Yves Le Conte b, Didier Crauser b, Alberto Prado a,* 
a Escuela Nacional de Estudios Superiores Unidad Juriquilla, Universidad Nacional Aut´onoma de M´exico, Blvd. Juriquilla 3001, 76230, Juriquilla, Quer´etaro, Mexico 
b INRAE, Abeilles et Environnement, Avignon, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Honeybee flight activity 
Toxicovigilance 
Neurotoxic pesticides 
Recurrent neural network

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information on the specific data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. The authors mention using honey bee flight activity data but do not specify where this data can be found or accessed. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact data repository link based on the given context.