Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
◦–34

W. 

processes  in  the  atmosphere,  ocean,  cryosphere,  and  land  surface  to 
simulate the planet’s response to global climate change: BBC-CSM2-MR, 
developed  by  the  National  Climate  Center  (Beijing),  and  the  sixth 
version  of  the  Model  for  Interdisciplinary  Research  on  Climate 
(MIROC6),  developed  by  a  Japanese  modeling  community  from  the 
WorldClim database.

For model creation, 80% of the data was used as the training set, with 
the  remaining  20%  (the  evaluation  set)  used  to  assess  model  perfor-
mance. This procedure was necessary for thoroughly assessing the pre-
cision of our models. To evaluate the accuracy of our models, we used 
two metrics: the area under the curve (AUC) of the receiver operating 
characteristics (ROC) and the true skill statistics (TSS) (Allouche et al., 
2006; Wani et al., 2022). To  ensure the robustness of our results, we 
applied committee averaging and weighted mean approaches to create 
separate ensemble models for each climate scenario and period. When 
selecting the final ensemble models, special attention was given to those 
with a TSS score of ≥0.7.

(caption on next page) 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024909O. Barrientos-Díaz et al.

precipitation (Gardner et al., 2019; Paz et al., 2021).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain information about the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.