Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

explicit or expanded database is being used.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Seagrass detection in the mediterranean: A supervised learning approach
Dimitrios Eﬀrosynidisa,⁎

, Avi Arampatzisa, Georgios Sylaiosb

T

a Database & Information Retrieval research unit, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi 67100, Greece
b Lab of Ecological Engineering & Technology, Department of Environmental Engineering, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi 67100, Greece

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Seagrass classiﬁcation
Dataset integration and fusion
Machine learning
Data mining
Mediterranean Sea

resolution geography database. Honolulu, Hawaii, Silver Spring, Maryland.(URL:
http://www.soest.hawaii.edu/pwessel/gshhg/(Accessed 10 January2013).

Wiley, E. O., McNyset, K. M., Peterson, A. T., Robins, C. R., & Stewart, A. M. (2003). Niche
modelin perspective on geographic range predictions in the marine environment
using a machine-learning algorithm.

170

3.2.5. K-nearest neighbors

It is an non-parametric ‘lazy’ learning algorithm. This means that it
does not make any assumptions on the underlying data distribution and
that it does not use the training data points to do any generalization. It
does not attempt to construct a general internal model, but simply
stores instances of the training data. Classiﬁcation is computed from a
simple majority vote of the nearest neighbors of each point: a query
point is assigned the data class which has the most representatives
within the nearest neighbors of the point.

3.2.6. Decision tree

The Decision Tree Classiﬁer is a simple and widely used classiﬁca-
tion technique. It applies a straightforward idea to solve the classiﬁ-
cation problem by posing a series of carefully crafted questions about
the attributes of the test record. Each time it receives an answer, a
follow-up question is asked until a conclusion about the class label of
the record is reached.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository for the deep learning pipeline is available. The paper discusses seagrass classification using a supervised learning approach, dataset integration and fusion, machine learning, and data mining in the Mediterranean Sea. However, it does not provide specific details regarding the location of the data repository. Therefore, without additional context, it is impossible to determine where the data repository is located.