Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

grams, and created the metadata .csv file necessary for training the CNN 
and k-NN. Identical in structure to the metadata file outlined above, this 
file contained the metadata for the training set as opposed to the met-
adata for the entire dataset. 

No additional preprocessing was applied to the spectrograms as the 
goal was to do the least amount of preprocessing possible in order to 
demonstrate  the  power  of  human-machine  teaming.  Further,  when 
assessing the accuracy of the CNN on noise-filtered data versus raw data, 
the accuracy levels were similar: after 10 trials, the CNN’s accuracy on 
the  filtered  data  averaged  to  99.22%  and  the  accuracy  on  the  non- 
filtered data averaged to 99.25%.

Additionally,  we  created  a  metadata  .csv  file  that  listed  all  of  the 
necessary classification information for training the CNN and k-NN . The 
.csv file had five columns. The first, dialect_folder, listed the file path to 
the folder containing the bird song. Each folder was labeled with the 
dialect type and the year it was collected, for example, “ABLA_2022”. 
Note, each folder name contained the label of the songs inside, as this 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026572B. Story et al.

2.1. Preprocessing 

2.1.1. Bird song data

user can label the song four ways; they can choose one of the machine 
learning algorithms predictions (the CNN or k-NN labels), use a different 
pre-existing label, or assign the song a new label. After all songs have 
been classified, the program saves all human classified data and labels 
which can be used to retrain the network, using 3_update_network.py. 
Below, we outline the data used for training and each main component 
of DialectDecoder. For an illustration of the pipeline, see Fig. 1.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning models (CNN and k-NN). However, based on common practices in machine learning projects, we can infer some possibilities.

Model Serialization: To save and store the trained models, they would likely need to be serialized into a format such as JSON or pickle files. This allows them to be saved locally and loaded back into memory later for prediction tasks.

Platform Selection: Depending on the intended application, the platform for deploying these models could vary. They might be deployed on cloud platforms like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure, which offer services for hosting machine learning models. Alternatively, if the goal is to create a standalone desktop application, frameworks like TensorFlow Serving or Flask could be used to serve the models.

Retraining: As mentioned in the context, there is a script called '3_update_network.py', which suggests that the models are designed to be retrained periodically with newly classified data. This implies that the deployment setup should also include provisions for updating the models with freshly trained versions.

However, without specific details from the given context, these assumptions remain speculative. It is recommended to refer to any other available documentation or resources related to this project for more accurate information regarding the deployment process.