Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Supplementary Materials: The following are available online at http://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/12/3/343/s1,
Figure S1: Number of results in the Google scholar academic search engine. Date of queries, 28 December 2019.
[keyword + deep learning]. Keywords: AlexNet, DenseNet, GoogLeNet, Inception, MobileNet, Resnet, Resnext,
VGG, Xception. Figure S2: Illustration of the diﬀerence between the sampling design strategies, (A) Continuous
and (B) Discrete, including examples of images (0.5 ha) from each class (Three Tree-Cover levels plus the Non-Forest
class) of the training dataset. Image data: Google, Maxar, and NWPU-RESISC45 dataset. Archive S1: Metadata of
FAO’s GDA photointerpreted very high resolution plots (71,135) with zoom 19 in Google Maps. The CVS ﬁle
contains Id, UpperLeft and Downright coordinates, Zoom, Region, Aridity level, Class (Forest/Non-forest), and
Tree cover. Archive S2: Metadata of training dataset of continuous larger sample CNN-based model with very

39.
40.

41.

Cover Classiﬁcation Using Convolutional Neural Networks. Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 274. [CrossRef]
Schmidhuber, J. Deep learning in neural networks: An overview. Neural Netw. 2015, 61, 85–117. [CrossRef]
Szegedy, C.; Vanhoucke, V.; Ioﬀe, S.; Shlens, J.; Wojna, Z. Rethinking the inception architecture for computer
vision. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Las Vegas, NV,
USA, 27–30 June 2016; pp. 2818–2826.
Szegedy, C.; Liu, W.; Jia, Y.; Sermanet, P.; Reed, S.; Anguelov, D.; Erhan, D.; Vanhoucke, V.; Rabinovich, A.
Going Deeper with Convolutions. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern
Recognition (CVPR), Boston, MA, USA, 7–12 June 2015.

For this, we obtained ﬁve models by training Inception v.3 on the ﬁve created datasets. Several
studies have shown that increasing the size of the dataset using data augmentation improves the
performance of the CNN-based models [49,50]. These techniques have been proposed to reduce the
requirement of a large dataset for model training [43–45]. We conﬁgured the model parameters by
training the last two fully connected network layers in our dataset using a learning rate of 0.001 and a
decay factor of 16 every 30 epochs. As an optimization algorithm, we used RMSProp with a momentum
of 0.9 and epsilon of 0.1.

(1) Database construction phase: ﬁve training datasets were built with examples of images with
diﬀerent levels of tree cover, continuous and discrete approximations, and inclusion of auxiliary
class “Non-Forest” (see Section 2.2 and Supplementary Material, Archive S2).

(2) Training phase: training ﬁve CNN models based on Inception v.3 using two optimization

techniques, transfer learning, and data augmentation (see Section 2.3).

(3) Classiﬁcation phase: classiﬁcation of new 396 images with diﬀerent tree cover in global drylands
(see Supplementary Material, Table S1 and Archive S3) with the built CNN-based model (see
Section 2.4).

(4) Validation phase: assessment of performance on the new images (see Section 2.5).

2.2. Datasets Design

Before building the training datasets for the CNN-based models, we compiled a global database

of very high resolution satellite and aerial RGB images from two sources:

•

•

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this study is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that the model is designed for image classification tasks. This is evident from the use of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and the mention of different architectures such as AlexNet, DenseNet, GoogLeNet, Inception, MobileNet, Resnet, Resnext, VGG, and Xception. Furthermore, the study mentions training five CNN models based on Inception v.3 using two optimization techniques, transfer learning, and data augmentation. Finally, the goal is to classify new 396 images with different tree cover in global drylands using the built CNN-based model. Therefore, it can be concluded that the primary objective of the deep learning model is to perform image classification tasks related to tree cover in global drylands.