Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

XGBoost is a powerful algorithm for estimating carbon stocks, but it 
is not immune to overfitting. By comparing its performance to ANN, we 
can gain deeper insights into its resilience against overfitting and other 
potential forms of model bias. This study provides a readily replicable 
methodology that uses field inventory and remote sensing multispectral 
data and machine learning. According to literature, a limited number of 
studies have tested the utility of the Planetscope eight band high reso-
lution image under reforested urban landscapes. Hence, we examined 
the efficacy of Planetscope data coupled with vegetation indices, texture 
features and terrain variables in retrieving carbon stock estimates over a 
reforested  urban  landscape  in  South  Africa  using  ML  models  i.e., 
XGBoost and ANN. 

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. The study area

During  the  MLPNN  training  phase,  initial  arbitrary  connection 
weights were assigned. Inputs were forward-fed from the input to the 
hidden  layer.  Hidden  neurons  multiplied  inputs  by  weights,  summed 
products,  and  processed  sums  through  a  transfer  function.  Results 
propagated  to  the  output  layer,  with  output  values  compared  to  ex-
pected  values  for  error  computation.  Iterative  error  back-propagation 
adjusted  connection  weights  until  reaching  a  target  minimal  error. 
The network then accurately estimated carbon stocks for both training 
and new input data without training data. This required tests to deter-
mine optimal learning rate (0.01), momentum (0.18), and training it-
erations  (500).  The  trained  network  was  subsequently  used  for  feed- 
forward predictions on continuous spatial data. 

2.5.2. Optimal predictor variable selection

De Lucia, G., Lapegna, M., Romano, D., 2022. Towards explainable AI for hyperspectral 
image classification in edge computing environments. Comput. Electr. Eng. 103, 
108381. 

Domingues, G.F., Soares, V.P., Leite, H.G., Ferraz, A.S., Ribeiro, C.A.A.S., Lorenzon, A.S., 
Marcatti, G.E., Teixeira, T.R., De Castro, N.L.M., Mota, P.H.S., De Souza, G.S.A., De 
Menezes, S.J.M.D.C., Dos Santos, A.R., Do Amaral, C.H., 2020. Artificial neural 

networks on integrated multispectral and SAR data for high-performance prediction 
of eucalyptus biomass. Comput. Electron. Agric. 168, 105089. 

Douwes, E., Rouget, M., Diederichs, N., O’donoghue, S., Roy, K., Roberts, D., 2015. 
Buffelsdraai Landfill Site Community Reforestation Project. XIV World Forestry 
Congress. 

Dube, T., Mutanga, O., 2015. Evaluating the utility of the medium-spatial resolution 

Landsat 8 multispectral sensor in quantifying aboveground biomass in uMgeni 
catchment, South Africa. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 101, 36–46.

The  relationship  between  predicted  carbon  stock  and  allometric 
derived carbon stock (measured) is represented in Fig. 4. The results in 
Fig. 4 present a strong correlation coefficient (R: 0.83 to 0.85) between 
predicted and measured carbon stocks for XGBoost and (R:0.77 to 0.80) 
for ANN. The SHAP technique was employed to ascertain the relative 
significance of individual variables within the machine learning model. 
Notably,  for  the  XGBoost  model,  the  five  most  prominent  variables 
encompassed red-edge simple ratio (RE_SR), green normalized vegeta-
tion index (GNDVI), channel network base (terrain), red band (band 6), 
and near-infrared band (band 8) Fig. 5. In the case of artificial neural 
networks, the pivotal variables included RE_SR, normalized difference 
vegetation  index  (NDVI),  red-edge  normalized  difference  vegetation 
index (RENDVI), soil-adjusted vegetation index (SAVI), and enhanced 
vegetation index 2 (EVI2).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for a deep learning pipeline related to this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.