Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Dennison, W.C., Barnes, D.J., 1988. Effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and 

calcification. J Exp Mar Biol Ecol 115 (9), 67–77. 

Do, A.N.T., Tran, H.D., 2023. Combining a deep learning model with an optimization 

algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern 
Vietnam under global warming. Eco. Inform. 78, 102380. 

Donovan, M.K., Friedlander, A.M., Lecky, J., Jouffray, J.B., Williams, G.J., Wedding, L. 
M., Crowder, L.B., Erickson, A.L., Graham, N.A., Gove, J.M., Kappel, C.V., 2018. 
Combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes reveals complex reef 
dynamics. Sci. Rep. 8 (1), 16943. 

Dubinsky, Z., Stambler, N., 1996. Marine pollution and coral reefs. Glob. Chang. Biol. 2 

(6), 511–526. 

Edmunds, P.J., Tsounis, G., Lasker, H.R., 2016. Differential distribution of octocorals and 
scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. Hydrobiologia 
767, 347–360.

data.  The  maximization  step  uses  the  imputations  from  this  step  to 
realign the conditional probabilities in the network from the data. This 
process is repeated until convergence (no change) or a stopping point is 
reached.

Fig. 5. Network structure for supervised learning of the fish factor (FF) with all 
measured  variables  as  predictors.  The  latent  FF  comprised  the  manifest  vari-
ables from corals, sponges and gorgonians.

Increasing  the  dimensions  used  in  the  assessment  through  additional 
variables can therefore be useful (Peterson and Evans, 2019). Due to the 
restrictions in MWST, the representation of data might not be as high as 
other  learning  methods  (Kekolahti  et  al.,  2015).  However,  the  con-
straints (only one incoming connection per node) allow only the nodes 
with the strongest associations to be connected.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific optimization technique used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, it does discuss the use of a deep learning model combined with an optimization algorithm to detect the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern Vietnam under global warming. This suggests that some form of optimization technique was likely employed within the deep learning pipeline, but without further information, we cannot definitively state which specific method was utilized.