Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

within the study area for MaxEnt and set up the hyperparameters as in 
Bean et al. (2012). The training settings and hyperparameters used for 
each SDM are described in Table 3.

BIOCLIM_09 

BIOCLIM_10 

BIOCLIM_11 

Mean temperature of the wettest 
quarter 
Mean temperature of the driest 
quarter 
Mean temperature of the warmest 
quarter 
Mean temperature of the coldest 
quarter 

Continuous 

Continuous 

Continuous 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_12 

Annual precipitation 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_13 

Precipitation of the wettest month 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_14 

Precipitation of the driest month 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_15 

Precipitation seasonality 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_16 

Precipitation of the wettest quarter 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_17 

Precipitation of the driest quarter 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_18 

Precipitation of the warmest 
quarter 

Continuous 

BIOCLIM_19 

Precipitation of the coldest quarter 

Continuous

et  al.,  2021;  Pham  et  al.,  2021).  A  common  approach  is  to  exploit  a 
teacher–student structure in the training process, which refers to use a 
trained teacher model to teach a student model. However, in most cases, 
a single ANN or deep neural network model is used as the teacher model 
to assign labels (Ali et al., 2022; Asghar et al., 2020). When PL based on a 
single-teacher model is used to predict species distributions, the teacher 
model can be easily biased towards specific environmental data, and the 
labeled data by this model may not represent diverse habitat conditions 
of  the  species  and  may  lead  to  overfitting  of  the  student  model.  In 
addition,  predictive  errors  of  a  single-teacher  model  can  accumulate 
during the training process, reducing the general efficiency of PL (Arazo 
et  al.,  2020).  This  can  be  alleviated  by  considering  different  teacher 
models for label generation and using the most promising model among

SDM 

Training setup 

Modeling package 

threshold values from 0 to 1. Table 5 summarizes the evaluation criteria 
for the AUC and TSS metrics for the objective comparison of the per-
formances of the SDMs. 

Elapid (Anderson, 2023) 

3. Results 

SRE 

GLM 

GAM 

MaxEnt 

RF 

GBM 

XGB 

LGBM 

ANN 

SDP- 

EPL

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly state the hyperparameters used in the deep learning models such as learning rate, optimizer, etc. It only mentions that the hyperparameters were set up as in Bean et al. (2012), but it doesn't provide details about what those hyperparameters are. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query with the given context.