Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This study compiled a comprehensive dataset to delve deeper into 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026814J. Long et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Fig. 2. Schematic of the architecture of the CNN-LSTM(C-L) hybrid model.  

the temporal dynamics of various factors' influence on drought propa-
gation. This dataset encompassed various influencing factors alongside 
an  extensive  drought  propagation  time  series  spanning  from  January 
1950 to December 2020. By employing a sliding window method with a 
window  size  of  30  years  and  a  step  size  of  one  year,  we  successfully 
generated forty-two distinct datasets, each corresponding to a separate

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

From meteorological to agricultural drought: Propagation time and 
influencing factors over diverse underlying surfaces based on 
CNN-LSTM model 

Junchen Long , Changchun Xu *, Yazhen Wang , Jing Zhang 

Xinjiang Key Laboratory of Oasis Ecology, College of Geography and Remote Sensing Science, Xinjiang University, 830017 Xinjiang, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought propagation 
Seasonal variation 
Hybrid deep learning model 
Influencing factors 
Land Use and Land Cover

Kaur, A., Sood, S.K., 2020. Deep learning based drought assessment and prediction 

framework. Eco. Inform. 57. 

Kennett, D.J., Masson, M., Lope, C.P., Serafin, S., George, R.J., Spencer, T.C., et al., 2022. 

Drought-induced civil conflict among the ancient Maya. Nat. Commun. 13. 
Khorram, S., Jehbez, N., 2023. A hybrid CNN-LSTM approach for monthly reservoir 

inflow forecasting. Water Resour. Manag. 37, 4097–4121. 

Li, Z., Chen, Y., Wang, Y., Li, W., 2016. Drought promoted the disappearance of 

civilizations along the ancient silk road. Environ. Earth Sci. 75. 

Li, C., Zhang, X., Yin, G., Xu, Y., Hao, F., 2022a. Evaluation of drought propagation 

characteristics and influencing factors in an arid region of Northeast Asia (ARNA). 
Remote Sens. 14. 

Li, Y., Huang, S., Wang, H., Zheng, X., Huang, Q., Deng, M., et al., 2022b. High- 

resolution propagation time from meteorological to agricultural drought at multiple 
levels and spatiotemporal scales. Agric. Water Manag. 262.

◦

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026816J. Long et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide information about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was utilized.