Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tolerance 
aggregation,  data  redundancy  management, 
handling, licenses of use and data protection, real-time queries on the

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

MongoDB (Reniers et al., 2019). This solution was implemented inside 
the  DataHarvester  class.  In  the  domain  of  Remote  Sensing,  the  Data-
harvester component is a set of synchronous or asynchronous processes 
which is capable to detect new satellite images from the space agency 
database.  Once  a  new  image  is  found,  the  component  downloads  the 
data  using  the  internal  scripts  (Bellini  et  al.,  2021).  Different  imple-
mentations  of  the  DataHarvester  class  can  target  other  databases, 
ensuring flexibility of use of nasawebservice for different user needs. For 
instance,  a  client  could  use  different  open-source  NoSQL  frameworks 
such as HBase introduced by Google Bigtable, Elasticsearch developed 
by Java on Apache Lucene, or eventually one of the many SQL database 
solutions.  Whichever  storage  solution  chosen  by  the  user,  the  stored 
MODIS data provides support, together with other data types, for agri-

chosen between text/csv (i.e., comma-separated values) or application/ 
json format, following the common MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail 
Extensions) types guidelines (Ned and Borenstein, 1996). A more com-
plete and detailed review of Global Subset methods can be found on the 
Open API documentation page of the web service. On the contrary, the 
Fixed  Sites  APIs  interface,  not  implemented  in  the  current  version  of 
nasawebservice,  provides  data  for  selected  fields  and  flux  towers, 
belonging to a certain research network (e.g., FLUXNET Canada), across 
the world.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.