Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Algorithm training and testing 

We trained all algorithms on a random subset of 5256 pictures (80% 

of  the  6570-picture  dataset).  To  gauge  performance  consistency,  the 
training-testing  process  was  repeated  10  times  for  each  algorithm;  in 
each of these (pseudo-)replicate runs, all five algorithms used the same 
training and testing picture subsets.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Automated identification 
Machine learning 
Accuracy 
Specificity 
Low-resolution pictures 
Triatominae

Park, J., Kim, D.I., Choi, B., Kang, W., Kwon, H.W., 2020. Classification and 

morphological analysis of vector mosquitoes using deep convolutional neural 
networks. Sci. Rep. 10, 1012. 

Parsons, Z., Banitaan, S., 2021. Automatic identification of Chagas disease vectors using 

data mining and deep learning techniques. Ecol. Inform. 62, 101270. 

Pataki, B.A., Garriga, J., Eritja, R., Palmer, J.R.B., Bartumeus, F., Csabai, I., 2021. Deep 
learning identification for citizen science surveillance of tiger mosquitoes. Sci. Rep. 
11, 4718. 

Pedregosa, F., Varoquaux, G., Gramfort, A., Michel, V., Thirion, B., Grisel, O., 

Blondel, M., Prettenhofer, P., Weiss, R., Dubourg, V., Vanderplas, J., Passos, A., 
Cournapeau, D., Duchesnay, E., 2011. Scikit-learn: machine learning in Python. 
J. Mach. Learn. Res. 12, 2825–2830. 

P´erez-Molina, J.A., Molina, I., 2018. Chagas disease. Lancet 391, 82–94. 
Posit Software, 2022. RStudio 2023.03.1.446. https://posit.co/products/open-source/

specimens,  our  species-level  coverage  was  still  limited;  therefore,  we 
focus on algorithm performance at the genus level, for which we were 
able  to  gather  large  enough  samples  of  specimens  and  pictures.  We 
follow  the  currently  accepted  systematic  arrangement  for  the  Tri-
atominae (Monteiro et al., 2018), with all our bugs falling into one of the 
three genera to which the main vectors of human Chagas disease, from 
the USA to Argentina, all belong – Triatoma, Panstrongylus, and Rhodnius 
(WHO,  2002).  Our  assessment  shows  that  convolutional  neural  net-
works can identify these major triatomine genera with very high accu-
racy  using  low-resolution  pictures  taken  with  ordinary  cellphone 
cameras, irrespective of the angles or positions at which the bugs were 
photographed.  This  result  paves  the  way  for  ‘hybrid’  entomological 
surveillance systems  combining  human  taxonomic expertise  with  ma-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not explicitly mention the specific datasets used in their deep learning pipeline. However, it is mentioned that they trained all algorithms on a random subset of 5256 pictures (80% of the 6570-picture dataset). It appears that this dataset consists of low-resolution pictures of three genera of triatomines - Triatoma, Panstrongylus, and Rhodnius, which are known vectors of human Chagas disease. These pictures were likely captured using ordinary cellphone cameras, as the study aimed to test the accuracy of identifying these genera using such images. Therefore, while the exact names of the datasets are not given, it can be inferred that the authors created their own dataset consisting of low-resolution pictures of triatomines.