Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

processing  of  the  recorded  images.  In  some  cases,  deep  learning 
models perform quite poorly when the training data and the test data are 
recorded with different types of cameras, different illumination condi-
tions  and/or  different  acquisition  geometries.  Hence,  additional  con-
siderations  concerning  transferability  of  the  model  are  needed,  if 
training  and  model  application  are  based  on  datasets  taken  with 
different devices, as e.g., reflex camera and smartphone, respectively.

Neural  networks  can  be  trained  in  a  supervised,  semi-supervised 
(Chen  et  al.,  2021;  Zhao  et  al.,  2020)  or  unsupervised  (Harb  and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019) way. When it comes to supervised 
learning (Deng et al., 2009; Minaee et al., 2021), the models are typi-
cally  trained with a  huge amount of  training data. This  training  data 
consist of input and target image pairs, where the input image describes 
the image that is supposed to be classified and the target image describes 
the  corresponding  classes  (labels).  For  semantic  image  segmentation, 
the  target  image  consists  of  a  fully  labeled  image,  which  means  that 
every single pixel of the training image is assigned to a certain class. In 
some cases, parts of the image that have no influence on the specific task 
can  be  ignore  by  the  model  (overexposed,  underexposed  or  blurred 
parts, unimportant parts etc.). This can be done by adjusting the loss

When  it  comes  to  the  application  of  deep  learning  models,  it  is 
mandatory to train the model on training data that resemble the data, on 
which  the model will be applied  later. If the  model is  applied over  a 
longer period of time (as it can be the case in long term biomonitoring), 
the training dataset and the dataset, on which the model is applied can 
have  different  data  distributions  due  to  some  reasons,  like  different 
recording  conditions  (brightness,  scale)  or  recording  devices/sensors 
(contrast,  resolution).  This  is  a  well-known  phenomenon  called  data 
drift  or  domain  drift  (Farahani  et  al.,  2020).  Thus,  it  is  necessary  to 
create specific datasets tailored to the desired application. The field of 
machine learning that is dealing with this discrepancy across domain 
distributions, is called domain adaption, with the aim of increasing the 
transferability of models to datasets with similar statistical properties.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. However, it mentions that the deep learning part was implemented using the Python library PyTorch, which supports both GPU and CPU computations. Therefore, it can be assumed that either a GPU or a CPU was utilized during the training process, but the exact hardware resource remains unknown without further details.