Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Kovalev, V., Kalinovsky, A., Kovalev, S., 2016. Deep Learning with Theano, Torch, Caffe, 
Tensorflow, and deeplearning4j: Which One Is the Best in Speed and Accuracy?. 
Larsen, O., Christensen-Dalsgaard, J., Maxwell, A., Hansen, K., Wahlberg, M., 2017, June 
9. Cormorant audiograms under water and in air. Acoust. Soc. Am. J. 141 (5), 3667. 

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436–444. 
Lodi, G., Aniello, L., Di Luna, G.A., Baldoni, R., 2014. An event-based platform for 

collaborative threats detection and monitoring. Inf. Syst. 39, 175–195. 

Lohr, B., Wright, T.F., Dooling, R.J., 2003, Apr. Detection and discrimination of natural 
calls in masking noise by birds: estimating the active space of a signal. Anim. Behav. 
65 (4), 763–777. Retrieved from.

Leveraging machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intel-
ligence for automated annotation and analysis especially requires high 
quality data (Egnor and Branson, 2016). Although automated annota-
tion is widely applied, it is mostly used offline which has the advantage 
that the researcher can assist the algorithms, fine tune parameters and 
oversee that classifications are correct. However, it also limits the op-
tions for data collection and closed loop experimentation. We instead 
propose  to  automatically  annotate  and  analyse  data  online  while  the

The  data  stream  layer  consists  of  one  publisher  node,  a  historian 
node (to save the raw data) and an event emitter to estimate the power 
contents  of  the  sound  signal  and  emit  onset/offset  events.  Since  the 
microphone  array  already  has  processing  power,  the  publisher  node 
could  be  deployed  directly  on  that.  The  eight  data  streams  produced 
were  published  on  a  common  topic  in  order  to  keep  the  timing  tight 
enough for later use in localisation, but for this work only one channel 
was used. The historian was deployed on a local machine close to the 
setup in order to buffer the recorded data and thus prevent data loss in 
case of connection fall-outs. The event emitter was deployed in a docker 
swarm that for this case could have been limited to one computer.

The tools and methods available for event-stream processing are not 
the focus of this paper but they are increasingly many. Most have been 
developed  for  e-commerce,  monitoring  of  financial  markets  and  IT 
system monitoring but could as well be applied in biology. AWS kinesis 
(Amazon, 2011) and Apache Kibana (Elastic, 2016) give access to state 
of the art machine learning methods for event-stream processing at a 
click  and  mature  querying  languages,  such  as  elasticsearch  (Elastic, 
2012) make advanced data mining available to a much broader group of 
users.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information about the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer some possibilities based on the mentioned applications and methodologies.

In the context, there is mention of using microphone arrays for recording sounds, suggesting that audio data might be part of the pipeline. This is further supported by the reference to "estimating the power contents of the sound signal." Additionally, the context mentions the application of machine learning and AI for "automated annotation and analysis," which often involves various types of data including images, videos, or text.

Moreover, the context discusses the use of AWS Kinesis and Apache Kibana, both of which support multiple data formats like JSON, XML, and CSV. These platforms provide real-time data streaming capabilities, making them suitable for handling large volumes of data generated during deep learning tasks.

However, without more specific details regarding the exact nature of the deep learning pipeline described in the context, it is difficult to definitively determine what data formats are being utilized.