Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ence data available for training were limited, so we sought to explore 
different network sizes in conjunction with pre-training with additional 
acoustic reference data from outside of our audio domain, followed by 
fine-tuning with ROI data from our study site.

Many 2D CNNs use well-labeled training and validation data from 
the study domain intended to optimize weights in existing image-based 
architectures (e.g., ResNet, VGGish, MobileNet), i.e., transfer learning. 
These data are usually hard to acquire and thus have low sample sizes. 
This often leads to the use of larger labeled data from outside the study 
domain.  Recent  BirdCLEF  competitions  use  weakly-labeled  audio 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020652M.L. Clark et al.

testing the CNN models to optimize performance in our study domain. 
Our application is thus a robust test of a scalable citizen science-driven 
approach to collect soundscape recordings, label vocalization reference 
data,  and  apply  modern  deep  learning  technology  for  capturing  bio-
logically  meaningful  species  presence  data  for  basic  science  and  con-
servation efforts.

For pre-training of our CNN classification models, described in Sec-
tion  2.6,  we  used  recordings  of  bird  vocalizations  in  the  XC  archive. 
These recordings were gathered with various devices and quality, but 
required 100% positive identification of bird species. We used a curated 
dataset of XC recordings from the 2020 Cornell Birdcall Identification 
competition (Howard et al., 2020), from which we selected recordings

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information on where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It discusses the methodology used for exploring different network sizes, pre-training with additional acoustic reference data, fine-tuning with ROI data, and using well-labeled training and validation data from the study domain. However, it does not mention any specific details about the location or platform of the code repository.