Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102658Availableonline5June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).R. Noda et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

amount  of  data,  distribution  data  for  machine  learning  models  and 
physiological data for process-based models. For both types of models, 
the  data  is  difficult  and  costly  to  collect.  This  poses  a  bottleneck  for 
building SDMs for practical use.

3. The study area and data

Table 1 
The list of features. We utilize two feature sets selected through different CV 
processes  in  a  previous  study  (Mechenich  et  al.,  2024),  which  we  name  the 
‘random-CV’ feature set and the ‘spatial-CV’ feature set, respectively. The two 
feature sets share six common features.  

Feature set 

Feature 
Name 

Source 

Definition 

BIO03 

WorldClim 

random-CV 

TN10P 

ETCCDI 

GSL 

TNX 

ETCCDI 

ETCCDI 

BIO08 

WorldClim 

TXX 

ETCCDI 

spatial-CV 

BIO02 

WorldClim 

TN90P 

ETCCDI 

ID 
BIO14 
BIO18 
CWD 

ETCCDI 
WorldClim 
WorldClim 
ETCCDI 

RX1DAY 

ETCCDI 

WSDI 

ETCCDI 

common for 
both sets

4.2.1. Baseline model: random forest 

Random forest (Breiman, 2001) utilizes an ensemble of classification 
or regression trees; each tree is grown from a bootstrap sample of the 
training dataset, and represents a series of sequential decisions, in which 
each node of the tree is a binary split made on a predictive feature (e.g., 
whether  the  mean  annual  temperature  is  above  25 
C).  Further,  a 
random subset of features is considered when finding the optimal split at 
each node (we use a value of sqrt(n), n being the number of potential 
predictors, for the size of this subset). When used for classification, the 
outputs from the component trees are put through a majority vote to 
create a single output. This is known to be a simple but powerful method 
of retaining the complex non-linearity of decision trees while avoiding 
overfitting. 

◦

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it does not explicitly mention the specific methods utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the data used includes environmental variables such as climate data and physiological data. These types of data can often be collected using various methods such as remote sensing technologies, ground-based weather stations, or publicly available datasets like WorldClim. Additionally, physiological data may be obtained through field observations, laboratory experiments, or other relevant sources. It is also noted that the collection of these data can be challenging and expensive, which could imply the need for multiple data collection methods.