Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

One  of  the  most  valuable  tools  developed  in  recent  years  is  deep 
learning models which have been used for the tasks mentioned above

In this paper, we present an automated framework that allows the 
monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over 
extended periods and across various time scales. The framework relies 
on the BirdNET Analyzer deep learning model (BirdNET-Analyzer, n.d.), 

* Corresponding author at: Dept. of Computer Science, Tel-Hai College, Upper Galilee 12210, Israel. 

E-mail address: yizharle@telhai.ac.il (Y. Lavner).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102528 
Received 4 October 2023; Received in revised form 12 February 2024; Accepted 15 February 2024

Continuous  bioacoustic  monitoring  is  an  emerging  opportunity  as  well  as  a  challenge,  allowing  detection  of 
cryptic species' activity while producing high computational demands. In this paper, we present an automated 
framework that allows the monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over extended 
periods. The framework relies on the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model. We applied the framework to >80 
species; 20 species with the highest recall scores were selected for further analysis.

In this study we demonstrated the use of our monitoring pipeline for 
computing  long-term  activity  behavior  of  several  species  recorded 
continuously for over two years in the Agmon Hula Lake Park located in 
the Hula Valley, a major migratory flyway. We generated the Agmon 
annotated dataset to examine the BirdNET deep learning model. A total 
of 23 species with the highest precision/recall values were selected for 
further analysis. When using automated deep learning models such as 
BirdNET the confidence score can strongly affect the automated iden-
tification  process  (Cole  et  al.,  2022;  P´erez-Granados,  2023).  We 
demonstrated that using BirdNET the relationships between the confi-
dence thresholds and the precision and recall values are species-specific. 
Accordingly,  we  used  species-specific  confidence  thresholds  which 
yielded detection scores that accounts for the precision-recall tradeoff.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the framework uses the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model for monitoring a large number of bird species based on their vocalizations. Data augmentation techniques commonly used in deep learning pipelines include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, padding, and noise injection. These techniques help improve the performance and generalization ability of the model by increasing the diversity of training data without collecting new data. It should be noted that the choice of data augmentation technique depends on the nature of the problem and the characteristics of the input data.