Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

individuals	by	training	deep	learning	models	to	predict	diving	in	European	shags,	

common	guillemots	and	razorbills.	We	validate	our	predictions	using	withheld	data,	

producing	 quantitative	 assessment	 of	 predictive	 accuracy.	 The	 variables	 used	 to	

Handling	Editor:	Jana	McPherson

train	these	models	are	those	recorded	solely	by	the	GPS	device:	variation	in	longi-

tude	and	latitude,	altitude	and	coverage	ratio	(proportion	of	possible	fixes	acquired	

within	a	set	window	of	time).

3.	 Different	combinations	of	these	variables	were	used	to	explore	the	qualities	of	differ-

ent	models,	with	the	optimum	models	for	all	species	predicting	non-diving	and	diving	

behaviour	correctly	over	94%	and	80%	of	the	time,	respectively.	We	also	demonstrate	

the	superior	predictive	ability	of	these	supervised	deep	learning	models	over	other	

commonly	used	behavioural	prediction	methods	such	as	hidden	Markov	models.

each	species.	The	models	were	then	used	to	predict	the	diving	loca-

tions	of	birds	monitored	with	only	GPS	devices.

2.4 | Alternative prediction methods

To	 compare	 predictions	 obtained	 from	 deep	 learning	 models	 with	

methods	 used	 in	 previous	 studies	 classifying	 foraging	 behaviour	 in	

seabirds	HMMs,	a	naïve	Bayes	classifier	and	speed	and	tortuosity	pre-

dictions	were	implemented	on	the	data	(see	Appendix	S8,	supporting	

information	for	details	of	the	latter).	The	Naïve	Bayes	classification,	a	

supervised	 learning	 method,	 was	 implemented	 in	 r	 using	 the	 e1071	

package	 (Meyer,	 Dimitriadou,	 Hornik,	 Weingessel,	 &	 Leisch,	 2015).	

The	inputs	were	the	same	as	used	in	the	H2O	model,	and	the	depend-

ent	 variable	 (variable	 to	 be	 predicted)	 was	 the	 binary	 dive/not	 dive	

column.

HMMs	 are	 an	 unsupervised	 learning	 method	 that	 identifies	 dis-

crete	 states	within	 time-	series	 data	 and	 have	 been	 used	 extensively

0.93

0.87

0.88

0.28

0.32

0.32

0.34

0.22

0.23

T A B L E   4  The	results	of	two-		and	
three-	state	hidden	Markov	models.	PPV	is	
the	positive	predicted	value,	and	NPV	is	
the	negative	predicted	value

Under	both	cross-	validation	methods,	the	strongest	models	in	all	

promising	application	of	deep	learning	methods	for	analysing	animal	

species	 used	 various	 combinations	 of	 the	 variables,	 from	 coverage	

movement	datasets.

alone	to	all	four.	This	flexibility	allows	for	the	use	of	these	models	in	

The	computational	power	requirements	and	perceived	complexity	

a	wider	range	of	tracking	studies	as	the	data	obtained	can	vary.	For	

of	constructing	deep	learning	networks	may	have	hindered	their	use	in	

instance,	the	sampling	rate	of	the	logger	may	be	unknown	making	the	

previous	studies;	Valletta	et	al.	(2017)	in	their	review	highlight	the	po-

use	of	coverage	not	possible.	Models	using	coverage,	altitude	or	only

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it is not explicitly mentioned what specific preprocessing steps were taken before training the deep learning models. However, generally speaking, common preprocessing steps include normalization or standardization of input features, handling missing values, encoding categorical variables, and splitting the dataset into training and testing sets. In this case, the authors mention that they used GPS track data and other data within their analysis, but do not provide details about any specific preprocessing steps taken. Therefore, without additional information, I cannot provide a more detailed response regarding the preprocessing steps involved before training the deep learning models in this study.