Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Variants  of  the  VGG  network  have  demonstrated  that  increasing 
network  depth  can  improve  classification  accuracy  by  enabling  the 
learning  of  semantically  enriched  features.  In  the  present  work,  we 
adopted a particular architecture inspired by VGG that has 14 layers (13 
convolutional  and  one  dense  layer).  A  detailed  description  of  the  ar-
chitecture implemented in this work can be found in Section 7. 

3.2. ResNet

Due to its success in modeling complex problems, DL, characterized 
by neural networks encompassing more hidden layers and learning pa-
rameters  than  their  predecessors,  represents  a  promising  alternative. 
Additionally,  the  increasing  availability  of  optical  imagery  datasets 
organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps is very convenient for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  DL-based  techniques  in  deep-water 
studies. However, the limited availability of labeled data for properly 
training DL models in that context still remains a major obstacle.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Image classification 
Deep learning 
Hydrothermal vents 
Uncertainty analysis

The proposed solution is designed to be employed in a human-in-the- 
loop  approach,  in  which  a  learning  algorithm  can  iteratively  query  a 

1  https://github.com/pjsoto/IFREMER-ABYSSES.git  
2  https://www.seanoe.org/data/00838/95015 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025352P.J.S. Vega et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available on GitHub. You can find it at <https://github.com/pjsoto/IFREMER-ABYSSES>.