Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

odologies for pest detection and counting, as mentioned in Section 2.2. 
Notably, many of these methodologies employ the same deep learning 
network, such as Faster R-CNN (Ren et al., 2017), which is adopted in 
constructing the PCθ  module. Some other approaches, like (Bereciartua- 
P´erez et al., 2022; Bereciartua-P´erez et al., 2023) inspired by FCRN (Xie 
et al., 2016), and others like (Rustia et al., 2020; Sun et al., 2018; Wang 
et al., 2021; Zhong et al., 2018), which utilize similar architectures to 
(Tian et al., 2019), are also considered. Summarizing, this section aims 
to demonstrate, over the newly established scenario represented by the 
PST dataset, the effectiveness of our counting pipeline; taking advantage 
of  the  latter  being  model-agnostic,  we  test  several  general  counting 
strategies that also enclose primary SOTA pest detection and counting 
approaches, performing an in-depth counting analysis.

Yu, F., Koltun, V., 2016. Multi-scale context aggregation by dilated convolutions. In: In 
4th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2016, San Juan, 
Puerto Rico, May 2-4, 2016, Conference Track Proceedings. 

Tan, X.L., Chen, J.L., Benelli, G., Desneux, N., Yang, X.Q., Liu, T.X., Ge, F., 2017. Pre- 

Zhong, Y., Gao, J., Lei, Q., Zhou, Y., 2018. A vision-based counting and recognition 

infestation of tomato plants by aphids modulates transmission-acquisition 

system for flying insects in intelligent agriculture. Sensors 18 (5), 1489. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10238411

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A deep learning-based pipeline for whitefly pest abundance estimation on 
chromotropic sticky traps 

Luca Ciampi a, *, Valeria Zeni b, Luca Incrocci b, Angelo Canale b, Giovanni Benelli b, 
Fabrizio Falchi a, Giuseppe Amato a, Stefano Chessa c 
a Institute of Information Science and Technologies of the National Research Council of Italy (ISTI-CNR), Pisa, Italy 
b Department of Agriculture, Food and Environment of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy 
c Department of Computer Science of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Smart agriculture 
Smart farming 
Integrated pest management 
Computer vision 
Object counting 
Visual counting

training step  and  a test  split  with the  remaining eight images  for the 
model evaluation phase. Finally, it is worth noting that, even if we an-
notated only the pests belonging to the class “whitefly”, other insects 
were accidentally stucked in the traps, which represents an additional 
challenge  -  deep  learning  models  should  not  count  the  latter  insect 
species. Specifically, we found insects belonging to different orders, such 
as  Lepidoptera,  Hymenoptera,  and  Diptera  (about  21,  7,  and  113, 
respectively);  furthermore,  among  hemipterans  we  also  found  insects 
belonging to families of Psyllidae, Aphidae, and Miridae (about 4, 14, 
and  22,  respectively).  Besides, about  80% of  the  images contain  con-
taminants,  such  as  dust,  fluff,  or  leaves,  accidentally  glued  over  the 
sticky traps. Some samples of bycatches insects and contaminants can be 
found in Fig. 1 and Fig. 4.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information regarding the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, based on the provided context, it cannot be determined whether frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other were utilized.