Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the Pl@ntNet user community (currently 1.8 million user accounts). At the time
of writing, the CNN architecture used is the inception model49 extended with
batch normalization.50 The network is pre-trained on the commonly used Im-
ageNet dataset and ﬁne-tuned on Pl@ntNet data. Pl@ntNet currently covers
30,261 species illustrated by more than 2.9 million images. The taxonomic
coverage of our study is therefore one to three orders of magnitude larger
than previously published studies making use of automated species identiﬁca-
tion for ecological research. The training of Pl@ntNet CNN requires the mobi-
lization of a high-performance computing infrastructure and expertise in deep,
distributed, and large-scale learning. Thus, the resulting classiﬁcation tool is in
itself a major advance in biodiversity data science.

Access to the Pl@ntNet classiﬁcation tool is provided through a dedicated
API available at my.plantnet.org. The main feature of this API is a RESTful
JSON-based web service that can accept one to ﬁve images of a plant and re-
turns a list of likely species. The species are associated with classiﬁcation
scores (the softmax output of the CNN), as well as a list of matching images
retrieved from the database. To facilitate the implementation of future studies
based on the methodology of this paper, we have developed the ‘‘plantnet’’51
R-package allowing users to query the Pl@ntNet API. The package is available
online at https://github.com/BiologicalRecordsCentre/plantnet.

AI naturalists, just like their human counterparts, may have
their own biases which must be fully understood if the informa-
tion that they generate is to be trusted and suitably utilized. For
example, most AI systems can only detect or recognize already
seen (or learned) objects or concepts. Benchmark datasets of
images can be organized to precisely assess the limits of AI sys-
tems’ ability, highlighting where human expertise is still required.
Deep learning models (some of the most advanced AI algo-
rithms) are developed with training datasets that allow them to
capture discriminant visual patterns. Their performances are
then strongly correlated to the quality and completeness of the
datasets on which they are trained. Unbalanced, biased, or
otherwise poor-quality training datasets will lead to underper-
forming algorithms in real conditions.27 During the learning
phases, particular attention must be given to any relevant limita-

DISCUSSION

By combining social media APIs with AI classiﬁers, we were able
to build an AI naturalist capable of creating biodiversity datasets
from previously unexploited data sources. However, we demon-
strate that there are a number of biases in the data produced,
some of which may be able to be mitigated against, that must
be carefully considered before the data could be used in certain
types of analyses.

Image data are being collected in vast quantities all over the
world, and we have looked at only one repository. We focused
on Flickr because of its accessibility and rich metadata, which
allowed us to ﬁlter images using text and spatial searches. Other
notable sources of image data include Facebook, Twitter, Reddit,
and Instagram; however, these all pose greater challenges in terms
of collating and ﬁltering, with geolocation of images perhaps being
the greatest challenge. Beyond social media there are a number of
other sources of data that researchers might consider, including

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning pipeline described uses two primary datasets: the ImageNet dataset and the Pl@ntNet dataset. The ImageNet dataset is a widely used benchmark dataset consisting of millions of labeled images across thousands of categories. In this case, it was used to initially train the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture employed, specifically the inception model with batch normalization. After initial training on ImageNet, the network was fine-tuned using the Pl@ntNet dataset, which consists of over 2.9 million images covering 30,261 different plant species. This fine-tuning process allows the network to specialize in identifying plants based on the specific features present in the Pl@ntNet dataset.