Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Caesar, H., Uijlings, J., Ferrari, V., 2018. Coco-stuff: Thing and stuff classes in context. In: 

Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 
pp. 1209–1218. 

Cai, B.Y., Li, X., Seiferling, I., Ratti, C., 2018. Treepedia 2.0: applying deep learning for 
large-scale quantification of urban tree cover. In: 2018 IEEE International Congress 
on Big Data (BigData Congress). IEEE, pp. 49–56. 

Ca˜nas, I., Ayuga, E., Ayuga, F., 2009. A contribution to the assessment of scenic quality of 
landscapes based on preferences expressed by the public. Land Use Policy 26, 
1173–1181. 

Chen, Z., Xu, B., Gao, B., 2015. Assessing visual green effects of individual urban trees 

using airborne lidar data. Sci. Total Environ. 536, 232–244. 

Chen, L.-C., Zhu, Y., Papandreou, G., Schroff, F., Adam, H., 2018. Encoder-decoder with 

atrous separable convolution for semantic image segmentation. In: Proceedings of 
the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV).

5. Learning GVI from photo 

In  this  section,  we  first  introduce  a  dataset  specially  designed  to 
facilitate GVI extraction and then, employ SegFormer (Xie et al., 2021), 
a  deep-learning  model  for  semantic  segmentation,  to  complete  GVI 
learning. 

5.1. Construction of dataset 

We propose a new dataset, called UGE-D (Urban Green Extraction 
Dataset), to train the GVI-learning model. For the semantic segmenta-
tion  tasks  in  urban  scenarios,  a  number  of  datasets  with  annotations 
have  been  proposed.  COCO-Stuff  (Caesar  et  al.,  2018)  is  a  dataset 
including 164 K well-annotated images. Cityscapes (Cordts et al., 2016) 
is a benchmark dataset for the semantic understanding of urban street 
scenes. AED20K (Zhou et al., 2017), on the other hand, is a large-scale 
dataset for general scene understanding, and it consists of 150 seman-
tic categories (or classes) such as car, person, sky, and so forth. However,

5.2. Deep GVI learning 

In  GreenCam,  we  measure  photo  GVI  by  SegFormer  (Xie  et  al., 
2021),  a  state-of-the-art  Transformer-based  model  for  semantic  seg-
mentation. As shown in Fig. 12, SegFormer follows the encoder-decoder 
structure, which combines a Transformer-based encoder (i.e., MiT) with 
a  lightweight  decoder  (i.e.,  ALL-MLP)  that  is  composed  entirely  of 
multilayer perceptron (MLP) blocks.

training  datasets  in  use.  Until  now,  there  is  still  lack  of  high-quality 
dataset for GVI extraction.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the Urban Green Extraction Dataset (UGE-D) was created to facilitate GVI extraction and train the GVI-learning model. It also refers to several existing datasets like COCO-Stuff, Cityscapes, and ADE20K, which have well-annotated images. These datasets often involve various annotation techniques such as bounding boxes, polygons, or pixel-level masks for object detection, classification, and segmentation tasks. Given that the goal is to extract GVI using semantic segmentation, it can be inferred that the UGE-D dataset likely employs similar annotation techniques, possibly including instance segmentation, to accurately label different types of vegetation or urban elements within the images.