Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

input into the model network for training.

2.1.1. Experimental equipment and environment 

In  this  paper,  all  the  experiments  are  conducted  on  a  consistent 
experimental  platform.  The  platform  uses  an  AMD  Ryzen  7  5800H 
processor with a Radeon graphics operating at 3.20 GHz. The graphics 
card is an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3050 Ti laptop GPU with 4 GB of video 
memory.  The  development  environment  consists  of  the  Windows  10 
Enterprise operating system. The software environment included Python 
version 3.7, CUDA version 11.6 and PyTorch deep learning framework 
version 1.12.0. 

2.1.2. Video acquisition

neural  network  (CNN).  It  encapsulates  three  operations,  Conv2d 
convolution,  BatchNorm2d  and  an  activation  function,  which  can 
effectively extract and learn useful feature information from the input 
data and provide more expressive input for the subsequent layers of the 
neural network. The C2f module is used for multilevel deep processing 
and abstraction of input features to construct the backbone network of 
CSPDarknet53 (Bochkovskiy et al., 2020), and its design is inspired by 
the  C3  module  and  Efficient  Layer  Aggregation  Network  (ELAN)  to 
realize additional cross-layer connections across branches. This design

2.2. Methods 

To better show the workflow of the method in this paper, Fig. 4 is 

drawn. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024453M. Wei and W. Zhan                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

Fig. 3. YOLOv8 network structure.  

2.2.1. Video processing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not mention any specific cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform for deploying the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined based on the provided information.