Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

new pre-trained 
models are used and 
compared 

different architectures 
such as AlexNet, 
GoogLeNet, and 
ResNet are proposed 
for plant disease 
classification. 
utilizes three different 
models, namely, 
AlexNet, GoogLeNet, 
and VGGNet. 
novel augmentation 
methods are proposed 
and tested on three 
deep learning models 
a new dataset is 
developed and new 
data augmentation 
algorithms are tested 
new deep lightweight 
CNN architecture227 
(DLMC-Net) is 
proposed for multi- 
class classification228 
of plant leaves. 
a new dense CNN 
model is proposed for 
plant disease 
classification 
a novel deep-learning 
model for plant 
disease classification 
is proposed The 
proposed model is a 
combination of ACO 
and CNN. The 
research authors 
named it “ACO-NN” 
an ensemble model is 
built from two transfer 
learning models 
(EfficientNetB0 and 
MobileNetV2).

Different  deep  learning  models  are  tested  to  find  the  model  with  the 
highest accuracy. The results show that EfficientNet achieves the highest 
accuracy.  A  data  augmentation  technique  is  added  to  increase  the 
number  of  images  from 55,448  to  61,486  images.  Results  of  the  pro-
posed deep learning models on the dataset with and without augmen-
tation  are  reported. This  work  augments  the  dataset using a  complex 
data augmentation technique to produce a new dataset. However, in our 
proposed work we use an augmented version of PlanVillage that can be 
used by different researchers for comparison. Also, we propose using a

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

An ensemble of deep learning architectures for accurate plant 
disease classification 

Ali Hussein Ali a, Ayman Youssef b, Mahmoud Abdelal c, Muhammad Adil Raja d,* 
a Basra University, Department of Computer Science, Iraq 
b Electronics Research Institute (ERI), Department of Computers and Systems, Cairo, Egypt 
c Benha University, artificial intelligence department and Mechatronics Engineering department, Cairo, Egypt 
d Regulated Software Research Centre (RSRC), Dundalk Institute of Technology (DkIT), Dundalk, Ireland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Plant leaf disease 
Agriculture 
Ensemble deep learning models

Another  approach  based  on  deep  learning  that  was  applied  to 
recognize leaf diseases is proposed in (Ghazi et al., 2017). In this work, 
the authors tested their methodology on the LifeCLEF 2015 dataset. The 
dataset contains 91,758 labeled images of different plant organs (e.g. 
flowers,  fruits).  It  utilizes  three  different  models,  namely,  AlexNet, 
GoogLeNet, and VGGNet. However, the proposed work achieves small 
accuracies on the proposed dataset. As the best-achieved accuracy was 
78.44% using VGGnet. The results also show the superior performance 
of AlexNet when trained from scratch due to its simpler architecture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipelines mentioned. However, common data annotation techniques used in deep learning include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, polygon annotation, key point annotation, and landmark annotation. These techniques help label datasets for various tasks such as object detection, image segmentation, pose estimation, etc. For example, bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangles around objects of interest, while semantic segmentation requires pixel-level labeling of each object class. Instance segmentation combines both object detection and semantic segmentation to identify individual instances of objects within an image. Polygon annotation involves outlining the shape of objects using vertices, while key point annotation marks specific points or joints on objects. Landmark annotation identifies important features or reference points on objects. Without more specific details about the datasets and methods used in the given context, it is impossible to determine which annotation techniques were employed.