Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Accuracy  metrics  occurred  on  separate  testing  data,  or  withheld 
known classes, to determine how well the classifier assigned classes using 
predictor  variables.  The  testing  data  were  25%  of  samples  for  this 
modeling, a randomly sampled split that is standard modeling practice 
(performed through the createDataPartition function in the caret pack-
age). The true positive rate or sensitivity is a measure of the number of 
predicted observations that were accurately assigned to a class, while the 
true negative rate or specificity is a measure of the number of predicted 
observations where the response variable of interest did not occur. 

2.4. Variable reduction for correlation

2.5. Comparisons

4.5. Sample thinning 

Sample  thinning  had  very  little  effect  on  accuracy  or  variable 
importance,  or  mapped  models,  indicating  no  clear  benefits  for 
tampering  with  samples  that  may  provide  information  about  species 
characteristics and responses to the environment. It is not necessary to 
add another modeling step that involves many choices, although thin-
ning  may  be  beneficial  if  thousands  of  samples  were  taken  from  one 
study site. An outcome of reducing samples is that minimum sample size 
thresholds need to be lowered to maintain the same species pool. Sample 
thinning does provide a confirmation that sample size is not as critical as 
capturing ecological amplitude for species distribution. 

5. Conclusions

overall  accuracy  was  nearly  identical  at  0.967  for  thinned  samples 
compared to 0.968 for all samples. Equally, ranking of summed variable 
importance was almost identical, with a reversal between the eighth and 
ninth important variables and a different ordering of the tenth, twelfth, 
and thirteenth important variables, when 78 models of thinned samples 
were compared with either 78 or 80 models with all samples. 

4. Discussion 

4.1. Key findings

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions two metrics used to evaluate the performance of the classifier: the true positive rate (also known as sensitivity) and the true negative rate (also known as specificity). These metrics are used to assess how well the classifier assigns classes based on predictor variables. However, it should be noted that these terms are more commonly associated with binary classification tasks rather than deep learning specifically. In general, deep learning models can also be evaluated using other metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc., depending on the nature of the task and the desired evaluation criteria.