Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Annotating  dataset  images  is  one  of  the  most  tedious  and  time- 
consuming  parts  of  the  modelling  process.  The  size  of  the  dataset  is 
important - a large dataset is needed for model success but it takes a lot 
more time to label. In order to prepare a larger dataset to generalize the 
model for the Greenland data, the model was partially trained to learn 
the data first and then the model itself was used to annotate new data 
before training it further.  The new  dataset annotated by the  partially 
trained model contains 540 training images and 141 validation images. 
The  self-annotation  dataset  was  manually  checked  and  edited  by  a 
human. As a result, a large dataset can be prepared within a day. Since 
the  image  quality  taken  from  the  portable  microscope  in  Kenya  was 
much lower compared to the other two, a small dataset that only con-
tained images from Kenya was used to fine tune the model for this data.

√
̅̅̅
ρ

Table 1 
Benchmarks (in percentage) of our best model without post image processing. 
Minimum detection confidence scores 0.7 is used.  

Iou threshold = 0.5 

Greenland 

Sweden 

Average precision 
Average recall 

90% 
94% 

91% 
95% 

Kenya 

89% 
96%  

more the index of aggregation approaches zero. 

3. Results 

3.1. Bacterial abundance

The three sampling locations exhibit noticeable differences in bac-
terial abundance and morphology, which can be attributed to various 
experimental conditions and strong differences in image quality. These 
data were utilized as a validation set to assess the efficacy of our deep 
learning recognition model in accurately capturing and quantifying such 
differences, thereby demonstrating its proof of concept. The sampling 
sites  were  thus  chosen  to  provide  large  differences  in  environmental 
conditions to demonstrate the versatility of the approach; it should be 
noted that our objective did not encompass a comparison of the effects of 
different experimental conditions on bacterial morphology. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025622H. Zou et al.

include  flip, rotations  and  affine  transformation. We  then  trained the 
same dataset with ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 
500 epochs. It is worth noting that the selection of image augmentations 
is  of  crucial  importance  to  improve  training  performance.  Multiply, 
linear  contrast,  sharpen,  emboss,  flip  in  horizontal  and  vertical  di-
rections,  rotations  and  affine  transformation  were  used  for  heavy 
augmentation.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, the data was split into training and validation sets for deep learning model training. However, the specific criteria used to split the data are not explicitly mentioned. Nevertheless, we can infer that the data was divided based on the location of the samples, i.e., Greenland, Sweden, and Kenya. This division allowed the researchers to evaluate the model's ability to capture and quantify differences in bacterial abundance and morphology across different environments. Additionally, the text mentions that a smaller dataset containing only Kenyan images was used to fine-tune the model for low-quality images. Therefore, it appears that the data splitting strategy considered both geographical factors and image quality.