Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

windows of 100-m, 500-m, or 1-km radii), (ii) the category level (e.g.: 
within thematic covariate categories), and (iii) using all remainders.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

2.2. Step B: Model-specific embedding 

In Step B, covariates selected after Step A are used to fit models with 
embedded selection procedures. We use GLM with elastic-net regulari-
zation  (GLM-EN)  (Zou  and  Hastie,  2005),  GAM  with  null-space

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no mention of any specific data augmentation techniques applied in a deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotation, scaling, etc. The context primarily discusses the steps involved in selecting covariates for modeling purposes, specifically focusing on two main steps - Step A (collinearity filtering) and Step B (model-specific embedding). These steps involve various parameters like window size, category levels, algorithms, target number of covariates, maximum possible number of covariates, number of cores for parallel operations, correlation coefficient threshold, and more. However, these do not directly relate to data augmentation techniques used in deep learning pipelines. Therefore, based on the provided context, it is not possible to determine what data augmentation techniques are applied in this case.