Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

proper databases for CNN training.

13 of 19

ﬁlters per convolution layer is 32 for the ﬁrst one, 64 for the second one, and 128 for the
ﬁnal one. A kernel size (height and width of the convolution window) of 3 × 3 is used
on each convolution layer. The fully connected layer (FC) consists of 512 neurons and
the softmax layer with the number of units for classiﬁcation (one for each type of sound).
Figure 11 shows the structure of the CNN.

Figure 11. Structure of the designed CNN.

For network training, 80% of the samples were used as training samples, and 20%
as tests. This strategy is widely used to enhance the generalization of a machine learning
model and prevent overﬁtting. A balanced sampling was carried out for the test set. For
it, one audio sample (with its corresponding data augmentation samples) out of 5 was
selected for each type of anuran call. Thus, 7623 samples were used for training and 1892
for testing.

number of output filters per convolution layer is 32 for the first one, 64 for the second one, and 128 for the final one. A kernel size (height and width of the convolution window) of 3 × 3 is used on each convolution layer. The fully connected layer (FC) consists of 512 neurons and the softmax layer with the number of units for classification (one for each type of sound). Figure 11 shows the structure of the CNN. Sensors 2021, 21, 3655

Fourth, at the level of resources, the application that runs the CNN takes 16.4% of the
CPU capacity and 8.7% of RAM. These results let us conclude that the available computing
resources are adequate for running this sort of application.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific frameworks or libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch were used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which frameworks were utilized based solely on the provided text.