Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Recently, some approaches have been proposed to evaluate the interpretability of deep learning  models33,34 
including methods based on model decomposition, sensitivity analysis, and feature visualisation. The relevance of 
network inputs can for example be obtained by the gradient-based sensitivity analysis (GBSA), which computes 
the prediction function squared partial derivatives with a standard gradient  backpropagation35. The Layer-wise 
Relevance Propagation (LRP)36 propagates the prediction backward in the neural network using propagation 
rules until the input features are reached. Arras et al.37 proposed a LRP for LSTM networks that provided better 
results than the GBSA on a five-class prediction task. Class activation maps were used to point out the most 
discriminative regions used by a CNN to identify a  class38.

These analyses help to understand the behaviour of deep learning models in agricultural applications. In par-
ticular, in the CAP activities in which payments to farmers must be well-founded, the use of classification models 
providing explainable predictions are of great interest. The conducted work not only confirm well established 
knowledge in remote sensing science but also opens the door to new studies in the field of the comprehensibility 
of deep learning algorithms in agricultural and environmental applications.

The use of deep learning (DL) approaches for the analysis of remote sensing (RS) data is rapidly 
increasing. DL techniques have provided excellent results in applications ranging from parameter 
estimation to image classification and anomaly detection. Although the vast majority of studies report 
precision indicators, there is a lack of studies dealing with the interpretability of the predictions. This 
shortcoming hampers a wider adoption of DL approaches by a wider users community, as model’s 
decisions are not accountable. In applications that involve the management of public budgets or 
policy compliance, a better interpretability of predictions is strictly required. This work aims to deepen 
the understanding of a recurrent neural network for land use classification based on Sentinel‑2 time 
series in the context of the European Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). This permits to address

able AI: Interpreting, Explaining and Visualizing Deep Learning 193–209 (Springer, Berlin, 2019).

 37.  Arras, L. et al. Explaining and interpreting lstms. In Explainable AI: Interpreting, Explaining and Visualizing Deep Learning 211–238 

(Springer, Berlin, 2019).

 38.  Zhou, B., Khosla, A., Lapedriza, A., Oliva, A. & Torralba, A. Learning deep features for discriminative localization. Proceedings of 

the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 2921–2929, (2016).

 39.  Wolanin, A. et al. Estimating and understanding crop yields with explainable deep learning in the Indian wheat belt. Environ. Res. 

Lett. 15, 024019 (2020).

 40.  Marcos, D., Lobry, S. & Tuia, D. Semantically interpretable activation maps: What-where-how explanations within CNNS. In 2019 

IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision Workshop (ICCVW), 4207–4215 (IEEE, 2019).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in this context is primarily for land use classification. It utilizes a recurrent neural network to analyze Sentinel-2 time series data. This model is applied in the context of the European Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). The goal is to improve the understanding of how such deep learning models operate, particularly in terms of their interpretability and explainability. This is crucial for applications where decisions need to be accountable, such as those involving public budgets or policy compliance.