Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

plot and the data of the 2017 survey were used.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

Author contributions 

AP and HS conceived the project idea and designed the methodology. 
HS secured and curated the data used in this project. AP and HS jointly 
carried out the data analysis. AP and HS wrote the first manuscript draft. 

Funding 

This  research  did  not  receive  any  specific  grant  from  funding 

agencies in the public, commercial or non-profit sectors. 

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Arne  Pommerening:  Writing  –  original  draft,  Visualization,  Vali-
dation,  Software,  Methodology, 
Investigation,  Formal  analysis, 
Conceptualization. Hubert Sterba: Writing –  original draft, Visualiza-
tion,  Validation,  Methodology,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis,  Data 
curation, Conceptualization. 

Declaration of generative AI and AI-assisted technologies in the 
writing process 

During the preparation of this work the authors did not use any AI or 

AI-assisted technologies. 

Declaration of competing interest

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not mention which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if they used AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or another service for deployment based on the available context.