Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Fuel model retrieval 

Once the DL model is trained, a few samples of real MS point clouds 
are segmented using the methodology exposed in Section 2.3 to create a 
ground truth. This ground truth was required to validate the classifica-
tions using a DL model trained with synthetic data. As mentioned in the 
previous section, the best classification performance of the SoftGroup 
semantic branch was achieved by the MS input data case; therefore, this 
pretrained  model was  used,  and  its  efficiency was  tested  by  inferring 
these real MS point clouds (Fig. 9). In addition, these inferences on real 
MS point clouds are taken as inputs for the decision tree scheme pre-
sented in Section 2.5, where the final fuel models are retrieved. The final 
fuel model classifications are summarised in Table 3. 

4. Discussion

Regardless of the model type employed for semantic classification, 
training  a  DNN  model  from  scratch  requires  a  substantial  number  of 
training samples to grasp a diverse range of features. The lack of liter-
ature on semantic classifications of real LiDAR point clouds being pre-
trained  with  synthetic  data  emphasises  the  importance  of  integrating 
augmented  data  simulations  during  the  training  phase  of  DL  models. 
Data augmentation addresses the requirement for large training datasets 
in DNNs, which can be achieved using an external simulator. Current 
research  on  LiDAR  point-cloud  simulations  predominantly  embraces 
two perspectives: aerial and terrestrial, specifically ALS, Terrestrial, and 
Mobile Laser Scanning (TLS and MLS, respectively) point clouds.

In the next section, the classifications of the real point clouds will be 
made using the MS-trained model, because it was proven that the model 
in this last experiment outperformed the previous ones, and their fuel 
type classifications will be more reliable. 

3.2. Fuel model retrieval

The SoftGroup model was developed to segment point-cloud data; 
specifically, it performs a soft grouping technique over a set of points 
where  semantic  scores  were  previously  retrieved.  This  model  was 
selected based on its ability to efficiently process large-scale point clouds 
(Vu et al., 2022b), making it suitable for the scenarios described in this 
study. It demonstrated impressive performance on prominent datasets 
such as ScanNetV2 (Dai et al., 2017) and S3DIS (Armeni et al., 2016), 
further validating its effectiveness. 

Because the fuel models that are going to be considered do not use 
individual information of single instances, this module will be limited to 
the semantic branch of the SoftGroup DNN model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough context provided to determine which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The given text does not mention any details about the deployment environment or cloud service provider such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to this query.