Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Compared with previous CNN-based approaches, the mAP of 0.83 in 
our case study is inconspicuous (Appendix S2: Table S4). However, not 
only the model itself but also the test dataset used can affect the values of 
model performance metrics. Because the SILIC aims to facilitate auto-
mated information extraction from the recordings of PAM projects, our 
test dataset was obtained from soundscape recordings, which are usually 
much noisier than focal recordings. In comparison with focal recordings, 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015346S.-H. Wu et al.

The mixed audio clips are then converted into spectrograms as input 
images for model training. The clips are transformed by applying the 
short-time Fourier transform (STFT) with a window size of 1600 sam-
ples,  hop  size  of  400  samples  (75%  overlap),  and  240  mel-scale  fre-
quency bins.  Each spectrogram thus  has a height  of 438 pixels  and a 
width of 436 pixels (Appendix S1: Fig. S4a).

Since collecting and preparing a big training dataset on wildlife sounds 
is  time-  and  labor-consuming,  the  lack  of  data  for  training  a  high- 
performance  CNN-based  classifier  is  the  major  challenge  for  devel-
oping an autonomous wildlife sound identifier (Marcus, 2018).

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based approach is used in the pipeline. This is evident from the mention of CNN-based approaches in the first line of the given context and the statement about developing an autonomous wildlife sound identifier using a high-performance CNN-based classifier. Additionally, the use of spectrograms as input images for model training further supports this conclusion since CNNs are commonly used for processing grid-like topology data such as images.