Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Computing tools 

All the calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific 
computing centre of the Universit`a degli Studi della Tuscia. The system 
provides  for  two  Hewlett  Packard  Enterprise  (HPE)  ProLiant  DL560 
Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with: four processors Intel Xeon Gold 
5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads; and 512 GB of RAM. The two nodes 
worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package 
Ray,  version  1.9.2.  All  the  scripts  and  dataset  to  fully  reproduce  the 
results of this work are publicly available at https://github.com/lucar 
os1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo. 

2.5. Preliminary analysis with perturbed numerical solutions and given 
parameters

The hybrid MCMC algorithm provides a series of independent chains 
containing a trace of values for each parameter to estimate. The traces 
corresponding to each chain are stored in specific text files and can be 
further analysed to obtain the final parameter values, their distribution, 
and  their  associated  uncertainty.  The  key  point  of  this  phase  of  the 
process is to evaluate if each chain provides a set of “best” values that are 
“suitable” to represent, once inserted into the model, the field dataset. In 
case different chains lead to a set of best-fitting parameters that faith-
fully represent the field data, the corresponding traces can be merged to 
obtain the final value as the mean of their values and the uncertainty as 
the standard deviation.

Precision Agriculture (PA) (Rossi et al., 2010), according to which inputs

From each combination of values belonging to the first quarter of 
values stored in the Python dictionary, the GA generates four random 
combinations of initial values considered as input for the LS procedure 
previously described. Each best fit value stored in a single row of the 
dictionary is considered as an expected value of a Gaussian distribution, 
μ, while the associated variance is still considered as σ2  = (zμ)2. Each 
new combination of best fit values calculated during the iterations of the 
genetic algorithm is again stored in the database together with all the 
previously estimated sets of values. 

At the end of a genetic algorithm cycle, the rows of the database are 
again ordered according to the values of the sum of the residual. The 
genetic algorithm can be repeated an arbitrary number of times, but for 
simplicity we considered a nGAC = 2, that leads to a total number of nTGA 
= 2nGAC+1 ⋅ nLSF = 1536 LS fit evaluations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, it appears that the deep learning pipeline does not explicitly mention any specific data format such as images, audio, video, or CSV. However, it does discuss the use of a Python 3.6.8 package called Ray, version 1.9.2, for managing parallel configurations between two Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) ProLiant DL560 Gen10 nodes. These nodes are equipped with four processors Intel Xeon Gold 5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads, and 512 GB of RAM.

Moreover, the context mentions that the hybrid MCMC algorithm provides a series of independent chains containing a trace of values for each parameter to estimate. These traces are stored in specific text files and can be further analyzed to obtain the final parameter values, their distribution, and their associated uncertainty. This suggests that the data being processed might be numerical or tabular data rather than multimedia data like images or videos.

However, without explicit information about the nature of the input data, it cannot be definitively stated what type of data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline. It could potentially handle various types of data depending on the specific application and requirements.