Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Downloading the records 

The  following  variables  were  imported  for  each  record:1)  type  of 
content (dataset, data study, software, or repository), 2) data source (the 
source  from  which  the  data  were  obtained),  and  3)  Web  of  Science 
category of the data source (i.e. multidisciplinary agriculture, ecology, 
biodiversity conservation, and environmental sciences). 

The bibliographic information collected using the DCI for each re-
cord  includes  authors/creators,  year  of  publication  (the  collected  re-
cords  were  published  from  1900  to  the  present),  title  of  the  dataset, 
publisher (understood as the repository in which the data are deposited 
or the organisation responsible for making the data available), version, 
and permanent identifier (e.g. a unique URL, databank accession num-
ber, or another permanent identifier such as Handle (hdl) (http://www. 
handle.net/)).

Thus, we used the second approach to perform a massive evaluation 

featuring many datasets (5967 PIDs). 

1  REST API is a software architectural style that describes the architecture of 

the Web.  

2  OpenAPI  Specification  (OAS)  defines  a  standard,  programming  language- 

agnostic interface description for HTTP APIs. 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1021265L. Petrosyan et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 6. Percentage of the overall score obtained by AEDA’s datasets.  

After  compilation,  the  tool  produces  JSON  files  for  each  PID  that 
contain the assessment results. These files include scores, practical tests, 
inputs/outputs, and assessment contexts for each of the 16 metrics (see 
the demo of the tool in FAIRsFAIR, 2020).

such as agriculture and related fields, where integrated data from one or 
more sources must be transferred to a computational environment that is 
suitable for analysis.

Fig. 1 shows an extract from a JSON file that includes the identifier 
number, metric name with results (output), evaluation score, debugging 
messages, and a  summary of  all metrics in  the evaluation. Finally, to 
visualize the scores after compiling all the PIDs, we created a report by 
running a computational notebook (. ipynb document) provided by the 
FAIRsFAIR team (Devaraju and Huber, 2021a). This notebook provides 
an overall analysis and visualisation of all PID responses assessed using 
the F-UJI. 

In summary, a) the report reads JSON’s responses, b) collects all the 
total scores for the FAIR metric within a data frame, and c) visualises the 
metrics  and  summarises  the  evaluations  (in  our  case,  the  datasets 
associated with each repository). The characteristics of the report are 
discussed in the Section 3. 

For further analysis, two aspects of the findings of this study were 

considered.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine what specific hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model. The text only mentions the use of a REST API, OpenAPI Specification, and JSON files for storing assessment results. It also discusses the creation of reports and visualizations but does not provide any details about the hardware resources used during the training process. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.