Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1. Introduction 

Target variables are usually fully labeled in the classical supervised 
machine learning setting. In real-world predictive tasks, however, labels 
are often scarce and/or noisy. Various definitions and terms are used in 
the  literature  to  describe  variants  of  noise  and  scarceness  of  labels 
(Allison, 2001; Xie and Huang, 2018; Nikoloski et al., 2021; Sun et al., 
2010; Gao et al., 2017; Alarc´on and Destercke, 2021; Van Engelen and 
Hoos, 2020), and each setting requires tailored approaches for exploit-
ing such target labels. In this study, we formulate a new computational 
setting for regression, where target labels are structurally incomplete. We 
computationally study this task via a case study in predictive modeling 
of global vegetation cover. 

1.1. The vegetation modelling task

Zanelli, D., 2021. Predicting human activities patterns based on climate and related data. 

Master’s thesis. University of Padua. 

Zhou, Z.H., 2018. A brief introduction to weakly supervised learning. Natl. Sci. Rev. 5 

Kostopoulos, G., Karlos, S., Kotsiantis, S., Ragos, O., 2018. Semi-supervised regression: a 

(1), 44–53. 

recent review. J. Intell. Fuzz. Syst. 35 (2), 1483–1500. 

Zhu, X.J., 2005. Semi-supervised learning literature survey. University of Wisconsin- 

Madison Department of Computer Sciences. 

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)10184910

Weakly-supervised learning has recently emerged in the classification context where true labels are often scarce 
or  unreliable.  However,  this  learning  setting  has  not  yet  been  extensively  analyzed  for  regression  problems, 
which are typical in macroecology. We further define a novel computational setting of structurally noisy and 
incomplete target labels, which arises, for example, when the multi-output regression task defines a distribution 
such that outputs must sum up to unity. We propose an algorithmic approach to reduce noise in the target labels 
and improve predictions. We evaluate this setting with a case study in global vegetation modelling, which in-
volves building a model to predict the distribution of vegetation cover from climatic conditions based on global 
remote  sensing  data.  We  compare  the  performance  of  the  proposed  approach  to  several  incomplete  target

baselines. The results indicate that the error in the targets can be reduced by our proposed partial-imputation 
algorithm.  We  conclude  that  handling  structural  incompleteness  in  the  target  labels  instead  of  using  only 
complete observations for training helps to better capture global associations between vegetation and climate.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment.