Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF; https://www.gbif.org/ 
zh-tw/),  or  exchanged  with  other  databases  or  web  applications 
through APIs of the SILIC web service for various reuse applications.

Compared with previous CNN-based approaches, the mAP of 0.83 in 
our case study is inconspicuous (Appendix S2: Table S4). However, not 
only the model itself but also the test dataset used can affect the values of 
model performance metrics. Because the SILIC aims to facilitate auto-
mated information extraction from the recordings of PAM projects, our 
test dataset was obtained from soundscape recordings, which are usually 
much noisier than focal recordings. In comparison with focal recordings, 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015346S.-H. Wu et al.

2.1. Online animal sound databases 

In the SILIC framework, the training data is from some of the most 
popular community-contributed animal sound databases (Fig. 1a), such 
as  Macaulay  Library  (sounds  of  birds,  https://www.macaulaylibrary.

Since collecting and preparing a big training dataset on wildlife sounds 
is  time-  and  labor-consuming,  the  lack  of  data  for  training  a  high- 
performance  CNN-based  classifier  is  the  major  challenge  for  devel-
oping an autonomous wildlife sound identifier (Marcus, 2018).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any direct information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The text mentions the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) and its use of APIs through the SILIC web service, but it doesn't mention anything specific about the location of the code repository. Therefore, I cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available based solely on this context.