Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2165

Fig. 1 The pipeline of the SPG framework. a Represents the original
input data (taking a tree and a pole as examples). b Is a hand-crafted
point cloud partition, c each partition is converted into a superpoint of

the SPG, and d is the network for superpoint embedding and
segmentation based on PointNet and GRU. The black lines represent
the superedges

with K ¼ P3
adjacency:

i¼1 ki,

E ¼ (cid:3)

3
X

i¼1

ki
K

log

(cid:2) (cid:3)
ki
K

in accordance with the optimal

ð1Þ

The linearity, planarity, and scattering are derived by the

following terms:

linearity ¼

planrity ¼

scattering ¼

k1 (cid:3) k2
k1
k2 (cid:3) k3
k1

k3
k1

ð2Þ

The linearity describes how elongated the adjacency is,
the planarity assesses how plane the adjacency is, the high-
scattering values are used to represent an isotropic and
spherical adjacency. We describe these three point features
as geometric features.

Abstract
Tree species segmentation is an essential condition for research forestry and has a large impact on forest resource
monitoring, sustainable forest management, and biodiversity research. Recently, the development of hardware and software
has been rapidly increasing. Regarding hardware, the active remote sensing system LiDAR can be used to obtain many
point clouds and can signiﬁcantly improve the tree segmentation accuracy compared with traditional optical remote sensing
hardware. With respect to software, deep learning theory is effectively utilized to process 3D point clouds, such as
extracting the features of data. However, deep learning-based methods are underutilized in tree species point cloud
segmentation. Therefore, it is extremely important to combine current technological advantages for this application. In this
article, we construct a point cloud processing dataset that comprises substantial tree information and 5 tree species,

Summarizing the current relevant research, we ﬁnd that
the application research of deep learning-based point cloud
processing in outdoor complex scenes is not comprehen-
sive. The method performs well in large-scale point cloud
segmentation processing and achieves a great effect based
on SPG, which is veriﬁed by the Sementic3D dataset
(Hackel et al., 2017). We combined current advanced
technical methods and carried out further exploration in
complex scene tree species segmentation. This research is
of great signiﬁcance for forestry monitoring, sustainable
forest resource management, and biodiversity research.

Method

123

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't enough context to provide the exact code repository link of the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given text. It would require additional resources or direct access to the authors' work to find the specific link.