Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

9 of 17

A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a type of deep learning-based model for
processing multidimensional data that follows a grid pattern [60]. The model is developed
in such a way that the algorithm learns and adapts to the spatial hierarchies of features by
itself from the lower to the higher levels of the pattern. Mathematically, it is composed of
three layers or building blocks: convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers. Feature
extraction is conducted using the ﬁrst two layers and mapping the extracted features to the
output is conducted by the third layer.

applications and relevance to most current MAXENT studies. Divers. Distrib. 2014, 20, 1–9. [CrossRef]
Schmidhuber, J. Deep learning in neural networks: An overview. Neural Netw. 2015, 61, 85–117. [CrossRef]

60.
61. Guo, Y.; Liu, Y.; Oerlemans, A.; Lao, S.; Wu, S.; Lew, M.S. Deep learning for visual understanding: A review. Neurocomputing 2016,

62.

187, 27–48. [CrossRef]
Fukuda, S.; De Baets, B.; Waegeman, W.; Verwaeren, J.; Mouton, A.M. Habitat prediction and knowledge extraction for spawning
European grayling (Thymallus thymallus L.) using a broad range of species distribution models. Environ. Model. Softw. 2013, 47,
1–6. [CrossRef]

63. Harris, D.J. Generating realistic assemblages with a joint species distribution model. Methods Ecol. Evol. 2015, 6, 465–473.

[CrossRef]

64. Lin, M.; Chen, Q.; Yan, S. Network in network. arXiv Prepr. 2013, arXiv:1312.4400.
65. Agarap, A.F. Deep learning using rectiﬁed linear units (relu). arXiv Prepr. 2018, arXiv:1803.08375.
66.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

15 of 17

Supplementary Materials: The following are available online at https://www.mdpi.com/article/10
.3390/rs13163284/s1. Table S1: Methodology of the convolution and full connected layer.

Author Contributions: Conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis: A.A., M.K.P., and P.K.S.;
funding acquisition: P.K.S.; supervision: P.K.S. and M.L.K.; validation, visualization, writing—
original draft: A.A., M.K.P., and P.K.S.; writing—review and editing: A.G., P.K.S., and M.L.K. All
authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.

Funding: National Mission on Himalayan Studies, G.B. Pant National Institute of Himalayan Envi-
ronment (NIHE), Almora, Uttarakhand, India.

Institutional Review Board Statement: Not applicable.

Informed Consent Statement: Not applicable.

This study is a novel approach towards establishing a CNN architecture and testing
the performance of CNN in SDM and its comparison with other well established SDMs
namely, BIOCLIM. This study was conducted on the foothills of the Himalayas, where the
altitudinal variation is very drastic and varies from 416 to 7801 m above mean sea level.
This high-altitude Himalayan ranges constitutes a heterogeneous ecosystem and is home to
many rare/endangered, medicinally, and economically important plant species. One of the
major economically and medicinally important plant species, Rhododendron arboreum,
was tracked and mapped in this study using different SDMs. Based on its occurrence and
several ecological and bioclimatic satellite-based observations, the probability distribution
of the Rhododendron arboreum was established. The CNN based probability distribution
model outperformed the presence only based BIOCLIM model with an AUC score of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not explicitly mention the specific data format used in their deep learning pipeline. However, since they use a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for processing multidimensional data that follows a grid pattern, it can be inferred that the input data could be images or any other form of gridded data. CNNs are commonly used for image classification tasks due to their ability to automatically extract relevant features from the input data. Therefore, it is likely that the authors used image data as part of their deep learning pipeline.