Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

relevant regions within the images. ROI pooling aids in the selection and 
analysis  of  specific  image  regions  for  accurate  object  classification.  2 
different  versions  of  Faster  R-CNN  were  created  for  the  benchmark, 
Faster R-CNN (640) with an input dimension of 640 × 640 and Faster R- 
CNN (1280) with an input dimension of 1280 × 1280. They both used 
Resnet50 as a backbone, have 41 m parameters, and are pre-trained on 
ImageNet.  Both  those  dimensions  were  chosen  to  match  the  Yolov5 
input dimensions. Still, after multiple tests, the 640-version had incon-
clusive results. This can be explained by the important features being too 
small using this resolution for Faster R-CNN. Only the 1280 version was 
used in the benchmark.

evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning techniques over the identification of Collembola on a 
new manually annotated dataset.

In  this  paper,  we  achieve  Collembola  detection  through  deep- 
learning models, we delve into the identification of Collembola species 
on microscope slides, including the training of state-of-the-art models 
Yolov5 and Faster R-CNN (Ren et al., 2015), and the creation of a dataset 
of Collembola for object identification. Our results present the challenge 
of species identification on images taken with a microscope with a focus 
on Collembola. The primary objective was the evaluation of Yolov5 and 
Faster  R-CNN  performance  on  identifying  Collembola  on  microscope 
slides. A dataset of 2195 annotations was built to achieve such training, 
including 9 species of interest and a category “Other”. Results outcome 
(Table 2) clearly shows the superiority of Yolov5 over Faster R-CNN by a 
substantial margin and its ability to identify Collembola on microscope 
slides. The intuition behind it is the use of different resolutions from the

it an ideal solution to large amounts of data. Manual analysis of a vast 
dataset is time-consuming for experts. Automating this task saves a lot of 
time and enables monitoring to be used on a larger scale, (Rustia et al., 
2021;  Schneider  et  al.,  2022;  Spiesman  et  al.,  2021),  helping  to 
compensate for the small number of taxonomists especially for data that 
can be complex to analyze like images (Minaee et al., 2021) or videos 
(Liu  et  al.,  2020).  The  use  of  deep  learning  in  computer  vision  for 
ecology has dramatically improved in the past few years, the PlantCLEF 
challenges are a good example (Waldchen and Mader, 2018). Every year 
it provides a large and complex image dataset to uncover and evaluate 
state-of-the-art machine learning models, and every year the result of 
the identification performance improves despite the task becoming more 
complex. By identifying the most frequent and common species of Col-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study uses two main datasets: one for training and another for benchmarking. For training, a dataset of 2195 annotations was built, which includes 9 species of interest and a category labeled as 'Other'. However, the name of this dataset is not explicitly mentioned in the given information. For benchmarking, the study uses ImageNet, a well-known dataset in the field of deep learning and computer vision. Two versions of Faster R-CNN were created for the benchmark, both using Resnet50 as a backbone and pre-trained on ImageNet. These versions are named Faster R-CNN (640) and Faster R-CNN (1280), based on their respective input dimensions.