Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Results

We  calibrated  models  for  classification  challenges  using  different  numbers  of  training 
steps, and considered two factors to find optima for training TensorFlow (Khalighifar et al. 
2019): correct identification rate and processing time. As a result, for all challenges except 
Challenge 3, we chose 4000 training steps as an optimum number. For Challenge 3, given 
the number of species (41 species), 8000 training steps proved to be the optimum number. 
The details of results associated with each classification task are as follows:

Challenge 1

We  created  a  confusion  matrix  to  depict  TensorFlow’s  initial  results  with  20  species 
(Fig. 3). The overall correct identification rate was 94.3%. We achieved 100% correct iden-
tification rate for 11, and 90% or above for 17, species. The lowest identification rates were 
for closely-related species Platymantis isarog and P. montanus, with 70 and 75% correct

Across broader taxonomic scales and phylogenetic relationships (e.g., Chan and Brown 
2017), other means (biogeographic realm, ectomorph type, classification, etc.) of restrict-
ing/limiting  candidate  species  pools  may  prove  useful  for  ‘fine-tuning’  of  TensorFlow’s 
automation of species recognition. Additional caveats for future consideration include (1) 
single notes per species and (2) sample sizes, which will be limited for rare species, those 
that occur at naturally low abundances, or taxa characterized by reduced detection proba-
bilities due to cryptic microhabitat preferences, narrow activity patterns, or seasonally-lim-
ited  reproductive  cycles  (Wells  2010).  Avenues  for  future  development  of  these  methods 
in  our  immediate  plans  include  application  to  additional  taxonomic  groups  (e.g.,  insects, 
birds), and automation of call detection from environmental sound samples as a precursor 
step to automated species identification.

Challenge 3

Training  TensorFlow  on  all  41  species,  we  observed  a  mere  0.2%  decline  in  overall  cor-
rect identification rate (i.e., overall correct identification rate for 41 species was 94.1 ver-
sus 94.3% for 20 species in Challenge 1). Although we added 21 species to the reference 
library, we observed no negative impact on correct identification rates, even though such 
impacts were noted in our previous work (Khalighifar et al. 2019). TensorFlow was able 
to identify 37 of 41 species with ≥ 90% correct identification rate; 17 species were identi-
fied with 100% identification rate. The lowest correct identification rates were for P. isarog 
and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70% (Supplementary Table S1). Similar to 
Challenge 1, no species was detected to be mis-identified repeatedly as another species in 
particular.

Challenge 4

Classification challenges

We designed four classification challenges using single-note spectrograms and we assessed 
whether TensorFlow (Inception v3) is capable of successfully identifying Platymantis spe-
cies based on frequency distributions of individual call notes of each species. For the train-
ing process, we modified two parameters of the model: (1) number of training steps, and 
(2) validation percentage. We explored different numbers of training steps and compared 
results to find an optimum balance between computing time and classification efficiency. 
Given  our  limited  number  of  images  per  species  (n = 20),  we  increased  the  validation 
parameter to 20%. For the same reason, we used a leave-one-out cross validation technique 
(Molinaro et al. 2005) to evaluate model performance in Challenges 1, 3, and 4. The four 
classification challenges we explored are as follows:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To monitor the model performance during training, the authors employed a strategy involving several components. Firstly, they utilized a leave-one-out cross validation technique, particularly for Challenges 1, 3, and 4. This method involves setting aside one observation from the dataset and then fitting the model to the remaining observations. Afterward, the fitted model is used to predict the response for the left out observation. This process is repeated until every observation has been left out once. Secondly, considering their limited number of images per species (n=20), they increased the validation parameter to 20%. Validation data is used to provide an unbiased evaluation of the model fit while tuning its parameters. Lastly, they also adjusted the number of training steps and compared results to strike an optimal balance between computing time and classification efficiency.