Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

combined with labeled data in a semi-supervised framework (sensu [14]), which may improve deep
learning on limited training data by providing neural networks the opportunity to learn generalized
features on a wider array of training examples, followed by retraining on a smaller number of high
quality annotations [16]. It is unknown whether moderate to low quality annotations can be used
to generate trees for initial model training, given the imperfect nature of existing unsupervised tree
delimitation approaches.

15. Wu, H.; Prasad, S. Semi-Supervised Deep Learning Using Pseudo Labels for Hyperspectral Image

Classiﬁcation. IEEE Trans. Image Process. 2018, 27, 1259–1270. [CrossRef]

16. Romero, A.; Ballas, N.; Kahou, S.E.; Chassang, A.; Gatta, C.; Bengio, Y. FitNets: Hints for Thin Deep Nets.

arXiv preprint 2014, arXiv:1412.6550, 1–13.

17. Erhan, D.; Manzagol, P.-A.; Bengio, Y.; Bengio, S.; Vincent, P. The Diﬃculty of Training Deep Architectures
and the Eﬀect of Unsupervised Pre-Training. In Proceedings of the Twelth International Conference on
Artiﬁcial Intelligence and Statistics (AISTATS), Clearwater Beach, FL, USA, 16–18 April 2009; Volume 5,
pp. 153–160.

18. Weinstein, B.; White, E. Weecology/DeepLidar: Resubmission II, Version 3.0. Available online: http://doi.org/10.

5281/zenodo.3066235 (accessed on 1 June 2019).

19. Dalponte, M.; Coomes, D.A.; Murrell, D. Tree-centric mapping of forest carbon density from airborne laser

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1309

3 of 13

of thousands of noisy labels will yield improved performance, even though these labeled data are
imperfect due to the limitations of the generative algorithm [17].

Figure 1. A conceptual ﬁgure of the proposed semi-supervised pipeline. A Light Detection and
Ranging (LIDAR)-based unsupervised detection generates initial training data for a self-supervised
(red, green, blue (RGB) deep learning model. The model is then retrained based on a small number of
hand-annotated trees to create the full model.

2.1. Study Site and Field Data

We used data from the National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON) site at the San Joaquin
Experimental Range in California to assess our proposed approach (Figure 2). The site contains an open
woodland of live oak (Quercus agrifolia), blue oak (Quercus douglasii), and foothill pine (Pinus sabiniana)
forest. The majority of the site is a single-story canopy with mixed understory of herbaceous vegetation.

The challenge for applying deep learning to natural systems is the need for large training datasets.
A lack of training data is a pervasive problem in remote sensing due to the cost of data collection
and annotation [13]. In addition, the spatial extent of training data often prohibits the ﬁeld-based
veriﬁcation of annotated objects. For tree detection, the high variation in tree crown appearance, due
to taxonomy, health status, and human management, increases the risk of overﬁtting when using small
amounts of training data [10]. One approach to addressing the data limitation in deep learning is
“self-supervised learning” (sensus [14]), which uses unsupervised methods to generate training data
that is used to train supervised models [15]. This approach has recently been applied to remote sensing
for hyperspectral image classiﬁcation [9]. Self-supervision, which only relies on unlabeled data, can be

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a detailed response about the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model. However, generally speaking, after training a deep learning model, it needs to be serialized or saved so that it can be deployed for use in applications. This usually involves saving the model architecture along with its learned weights and biases into a file format such as.h5,.pkl, or.onnx. Once the model is serialized, it can be loaded and used for making predictions. As for platform selection, this depends on various factors including the application requirements, computational resources, and ease of integration with other components of the system. Common platforms for deploying deep learning models include cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, as well as edge devices such as mobile phones, IoT devices, and embedded systems.