Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Researchers have developed numerous WQP inversion algorithms for 
different lakes over the years. These algorithms include Band Ratio (BR), 
Three Bands (TB), NDCI, NDTI, Multiple Linear Regression (MLR), and 
more.  In  this  study,  the  development  of  these  algorithms  is  also 
considered. Moreover, deep learning algorithms were also considered, 
however,  the  limited  number  of  samples  was  not  conducive  to  deep 
learning, a point supported by the evidence in the research of Feng et al. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259716J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 18. Timeline of water quality changes in Nansi Lake.

the  Visible  Infrared  Imaging  Radiometer  Suite  (VIIRS)  (Jiang  et  al., 
2020; Shi et al., 2015; Zhang et al., 2016). However, when applied to 
small to medium-sized water bodies, issues such as insufficient spatial 
resolution (>100 m) and mixed pixels cannot be avoided. Some scholars 
have  also  used  Landsat  satellites  to  estimate  the  WQP,  but  the  long 
revisit period limited the number of available images (Andrzej Urbanski 
et al., 2016; Cao et al., 2020). Hyperspectral data have great potential 

Fig. 1. Technical route.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025972J. Zhang et al.

In recent years, machine learning (ML) has been applied in various 
fields  due  to  its  powerful  ability  to  handle  non-linear  relationships 
(Mohammadi et al., 2023), according to previous surveys, an increasing 
number of studies are attempting to use ML methods to estimate WQP. Li 
et al. established a Support Vector Machine (SVM) model to estimate 
Chla concentrations in 45 typical lakes in China based on measured data 
from 2017 to 2019; the results indicated that this model is suitable for 
lakes  with  medium  to  low  Chla  concentrations  (Li  et  al.,  2021). 
Muhammad et al. developed a neural network model called the Ocean 
Color  Network  (OGN)  to  estimate  Chla  concentrations  in  the  Barents 
Sea,  in  comparison  to  Gaussian  Process  Regression,  this  network 
demonstrated  a  5.2%  reduction  in  mean  absolute  error  (Asim  et  al., 
2021). Ensemble learning (EL) is one of the key technologies in the field

L). Overall, the performance of RF and GBDT was weaker than that of 
CatBoost. However, in our experiment, the training and hyperparameter 
optimisation times for CatBoost were significantly longer than those of 
the  other  models,  which  may  be  due  to  the  complex  internal  feature 
processing  of  the  model  and  the  fact  that  we  did  not  use  a  GPU  for 
training. For Nansi Lake, XGBoost demonstrated the highest robustness 
for estimating the water Chla concentration and turbidity.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I do not know where it can be found.