Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

7 of 29

The quantity of training data derived from ground data collection in 2018 was limited.
A U-Net implemented with Keras produced a low training and testing accuracy with
segmentation results on testing data differing between repetitions. Implementing a U-Net
model within the arcgis.learn module of the ArcGIS API for Python [39] removed the
requirement for a quantitatively massive dataset. Additionally, the U-Net implemented
through argis.learn is pretrained on ImageNet to further improve classiﬁcation accuracies.
This reduces the time and resources spent on ground truth data collection. Hyperparameter
tuning was done to select the best U-Net model [31,34,40]. Based on hyperparameter
optimization, it was found that the best model uses an input patch size of 64 × 64 pixels
and a ResNet-50 backbone [31,34,40].

2.4. Support Vector Machine (SVM)

worldwide should consider the needs of the local human population. As such, future conservation efforts by the MFG include improving human health and recognizing the importance of people-oriented strategies in order to provide cash crops and a sustainable food source for the locals. Machine/deep learning has been far advanced in some application domains; how-ever, challenges exist for remote sensing applications especially for tropical forest moni-toring due to in part the lack of sufficient training data representing various biomes and forest types globally that must be manually created and in part the challenges of manag-ing and analyzing big satellite data at the global scale. We presented a fully automated deep learning model in this paper which can be applied to any part of the world. Taking Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3495

18.

LiDAR Data Fusion Approach and Deep Learning. Sensors 2019, 19, 1284. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
20. LeCun, Y.; Bengio, Y.; Hinton, G. Deep learning. Nature 2015, 521, 436–444. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
21. Kussul, N.; Lavreniuk, M.; Skakun, S.; Shelestov, A. Deep Learning Classiﬁcation of Land Cover and Crop Types Using Remote

Sensing Data. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Lett. 2017, 14, 778–782. [CrossRef]

22. Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Hinton, G.E. Imagenet classiﬁcation with deep convolutional neural networks. Adv. Neural. Inf.

23.

Process. Syst. 2012, 25, 1097–1105. [CrossRef]
Simonyan, K.; Zisserman, A. Very deep convolutional networks for large-scale image recognition. arXiv 2014, arXiv:1409.1556.
preprint.

24. He, K.; Zhang, X.; Ren, S.; Sun, J. Deep residual learning for image recognition. In Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on

Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Las Vegas, NV, USA, 27–30 June 2016; pp. 770–778.

the U-Net model is the labeling of each pixel in the training data. Abundant data are needed
for training deep neural networks of at least 1000 image samples. In such cases, a pretrained
network can reduce the amount of training data needed [47]. The U-Net implemented
within arcgis.learn had a ResNet-50 backbone that was pretrained on ImageNet.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, there isn't explicit mention of specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer that ground data collection was employed in 2018, suggesting fieldwork or surveys might have been conducted. Furthermore, LiDAR data fusion approach mentioned in one of the cited papers could indicate the use of sensor technology for gathering spatial information. Lastly, reference to ImageNet implies utilizing publicly available datasets for pretraining models. Therefore, based on these clues, possible methods for collecting raw data may involve field surveys, sensor technologies like LiDAR, and using existing public datasets.