Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. Data processing

The  processing  of  high-resolution  remote  sensing  data,  which  en-
compasses  a  plethora  of  feature  information  (Girshick  et  al.,  2014), 
demands  significant  time  and  costs.  This  presents  considerable  chal-
lenges for many researchers (Modzelewska et al., 2020). Prior to clas-
sification, samples require training. The representativeness and quantity 
of  these  training  samples  significantly  influence  the  accuracy  of  the 
classification  models.  Platinum  (Ting,  2016)  demonstrated  that  when 
the training samples are not sufficiently typical, other categories can be 
easily misclassified into the sample’s category. If the number of training 
samples is insufficient, network training may not meet the requirements. 
Conversely, an excessive number of training samples can lead to data 
redundancy, reducing the efficiency of model training (Shi, 2018). To 
address  this  issue,  this  study  employed  feature  optimization  tools  to

and an 8-m multi-spectral image. They encapsulated red, green, blue, 
and  near-infrared bands. The GF-1 remote  sensing  image data  under-
went several processing steps in the study area, including radiometric 
calibration,  atmospheric  correction,  orthophoto  correction,  image 
registration, image fusion, and mosaic cropping (Fig. 4). 

2.4. Multi-scale segmentation

Girshick, R., Donahue, J., Darrell, T., et al., 2014. Rich feature hierarchies for accurate 

object detection and semantic segmentation[C]. In: Proceedings of the IEEE 
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, pp. 580–587. 

Hadlich, H.L., Durgante, F.M., Dos Santos, J., et al., 2018. Recognizing Amazonian tree 
species in the field using bark tissues spectra[J]. For. Ecol. Manag. 427, 296–304. 

Haiwei, Xu, Han, Ruimei, Yang, MinHua, 2013. Research on object-oriented 

classification using ERC-forests and Rainfalling watershed algorithm[J]. Int. J. Digit. 
Content Technol. Appl. 7 (5). 

Hu, M., 2017. Extraction of Non-commercial Forest Plots Dynamic Change Based on 

Object-Oriented Classification in Yanqing Area[D]. Beijing Forestry University. 
https://doi.org/10.26949/d.cnki.gblyu.2017.001114.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or reference to where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the provided information whether the dataset used in the study is publicly accessible through platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. It would be best to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly for more specific details regarding the availability of their dataset.