Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

(Pommerening, 2023), as structural complexity is an important objec-
tive  of  this  type  of  forest  management.  Compared  to  variance,  the 
contribution of bias to the values of rRMSE is rather small. This is where 
the  NN3  and  NN4  estimators  can  help,  since  they  are  effective  in 
reducing the overall index variation. They have performed well with all 
diversity indices other than distance and the aggregation index. In this 
context, it is particularly interesting that the NN4 estimator, which is 
based  on  the  weights  of  both  sample  trees  and  of  the  neighbours  of 
sample trees, has performed best with most diversity indices other than 
distance  and  aggregation  index.  Given  the  general  aim  to  reduce  the 
index variance, this finding seems to suggest that the information pro-
vided by sample-tree neighbours complements that of the sample trees 
and is with most indices more important than spatial edge-bias concerns

Gadow (1993) defined size differentiation (Eq. 4 in Table 1) as the 
mean  ratio  of  smaller-sized  and  larger-sized  marks  of  the  k  nearest 
neighbours  subtracted from one.  Size  differentiation produces  contin-
uous results between 0 and 1 and Ti  increases with increasing average 
size difference between neighbouring trees. 

The size dominance index (Eq. 5 in Table 1) was introduced by Hui 
et al. (1998) and Aguirre et al. (2003) and gives the proportion of the k 
nearest neighbours dominated by tree i. The index draws on similarities 
with  the  construction  of  the  mingling  index,  thus  transforming  a 
continuous  variable  into  a  binary  one  and  in  analogy  to  the  species 
mingling index also produces only k + 1 possible Ui  values. 

All diversity indices were estimated for k = 1 nearest neighbour and 
those of Eqs. (2), (3), (4) and (5) were additionally estimated for k = 4 
neighbours to better understand the effect of k on the estimators.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no direct mention of how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized using methods such as grid search or random search. Therefore, I cannot provide a specific answer based solely on the given text. However, these optimization techniques are commonly used in machine learning models to find the optimal set of hyperparameters that minimize error or maximize performance. Grid search involves trying out every combination of parameters within a manually specified range, while random search randomly selects parameter combinations within the same range. Other popular methods include Bayesian Optimization and Gradient Descent.