Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

easy to train with reduced complexity, even though they have deeper 
layers than CNN models, because of the presence of skip connections 
between the input and output of each block (He et al., 2016). ResNet has 
different variants with a variety of convolution layers. We trialled three 
depths, ResNet-18, (cid:0) 50 and (cid:0) 101, and compared their training times 
and validation accuracies. They behaved similarly but ResNet-50 had a 
marginally  higher  validation  accuracy  (Section  3.1.1)  leading  us  to 
choose it for feature extraction.

The  next step  was  to  gather  standard  visual  information  and  low- 
level  image  features  from  the  datasets  that  include  traits  such  as 
colour, texture, shape, etc. (Shih et al., 2001). These features can be used 
by classifiers or deep learning models for image segmentation, image 
classification  and  object  detection.  There  are  various  techniques  for 
conducting  image  feature  extraction.  With  advancements  in  machine 
learning,  specifically  deep  learning  and  convolution  neural  networks 
(CNNs), feature extraction from images can be performed automatically 
to obtain high levels of classification accuracy (Acharya and Khoshel-
ham, 2020). Therefore, we used a deep-learning model to extract fea-
tures  of  our  image  backgrounds  for  training  a  classifier  model.  We 
adopted  a  ResNet-50  model  (He  et  al.,  2016)  for  extracting  image 
background features for classification. ResNets (Residual Networks) are

ran in approximately 1.2 min for our experiments on the CPU, whilst 
softmax  took  12  min  on  the  GPU  to  complete  the  same  task.  So, 
although, softmax can accomplish our classification task, our proposed 
method has advantages.

ResNet-50 is made up of five convolutional blocks stacked on top of 
one  another  (Fig.  5).  The  image  features  are  extracted  from  the  fully 
connected layers pre-trained with the ImageNet database (https://imag 
e-net.org/index.php). The input to the network is an image of 224x224 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022654S. Singha Roy et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotation, scaling, or others applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, I can provide some general insights about these techniques. Data augmentation is often employed to increase the size of the dataset by applying random transformations to existing images, which helps improve the performance and robustness of deep learning models. Commonly used data augmentation techniques include horizontal and vertical flips, rotations, scaling, cropping, zooming, shearing, and brightness adjustment. In this study, the authors chose to use a ResNet-50 model for feature extraction, but without further details regarding the implementation of data augmentation techniques, it cannot be determined if any were utilized.

Unhelpful Answer:
I am sorry, but based on the provided context, there is no clear indication of what data augmentation techniques were applied in the deep learning pipeline. Please provide more context or relevant information so that I may give a helpful response.