Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

6. Conclusions 

In  this  work,  six  state-of-the-art  deep  learning  architectures  were 
evaluated  for  the  problem  of  deep-sea  substratum  characterization. 
Additionally, a classification decision committee (CDC) constituted by 
an  ensemble  of  networks  with  those  architectures,  in  which  the  indi-
vidual predictions are fused through a majority voting mechanism, was 
proposed and evaluated. 

All deep learning models were evaluated on single and multi-label 
classification  problems,  and  three  different  sites  were  considered  in 
the  experiments.  Besides  the  conventional  training  scheme  in  which 
data from a single site is used for training and testing the models, we also 
evaluated  the  models  in  cross-site  scenarios,  aiming  to  assess  the 
generalization  capacity  of  the  different  architectures  and  that  of  the 

ensemble.

Due to its success in modeling complex problems, DL, characterized 
by neural networks encompassing more hidden layers and learning pa-
rameters  than  their  predecessors,  represents  a  promising  alternative. 
Additionally,  the  increasing  availability  of  optical  imagery  datasets 
organized into large-scale temporal habitat maps is very convenient for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  DL-based  techniques  in  deep-water 
studies. However, the limited availability of labeled data for properly 
training DL models in that context still remains a major obstacle.

Each rectangle indicates the operations performed at a block of layers. Conv and SConv stand for regular convolution and depth-wise separable 
convolution, respectively. The values that follow such operations indicate the number of filters, filter size, stride, and dilation rate. Regarding the 
maxpooling operation, the values correspond to the kernel dimension and stride. Dropout refers to the number of neurons randomly turned off during 
each training inference. The number of neurons in the dense layer of the classifier module corresponds to the number of classes in the dataset. 

All architectures were modified mainly in the block of fully connected layers, where we opted to use just the output layer after the feature extractor 
instead of two fully connected layers. Additionally, residual blocks were used at the architectures’ stems rather than in the full feature extractor. All 
those modifications were experimentally determined.

Variants  of  the  VGG  network  have  demonstrated  that  increasing 
network  depth  can  improve  classification  accuracy  by  enabling  the 
learning  of  semantically  enriched  features.  In  the  present  work,  we 
adopted a particular architecture inspired by VGG that has 14 layers (13 
convolutional  and  one  dense  layer).  A  detailed  description  of  the  ar-
chitecture implemented in this work can be found in Section 7. 

3.2. ResNet

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning models in this work is for the problem of deep-sea substratum characterization. Specifically, these models were evaluated for both single and multi-label classification problems. The goal is to classify or label the underwater substrate based on the input data, likely images or other sensor readings. The models were tested using data from multiple sites and in various scenarios, including cross-site evaluations, to assess their generalization capabilities.