Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2) What are the relative roles of these drivers in determining the rich-

ness and abundance of invasive alien species in the region?  

3)  Does the relative importance of these drivers differ between the two 

diversity metrics (i.e., species richness and abundance)? 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study area 

◦

C and a minimum of 15 
◦
C and a minimum of (cid:0) 4

2.2. Data sources

Variable 
description 

Source 

Environmental 

Climatic 

Soil 

Topographic 

Anthropogenic  

Max. 
Temperature 
Min. 
Temperature 
Precipitation 
Soil water 
content 
Soil organic 
carbon content 
Soil pH 

Soil temperature 
Elevation 
Slope 
Aspect 
Distance to city 
Human 
population 
density 

India Meteorological 
Department (IMD) 
IMD 

IMD 
OpenLandMap Soil Water 
Content 
OpenLandMap Soil 
Organic Carbon Content 
OpenLandMap Soil pH in 
H2O 
Lembrechts et al., 2020 
GTOPO30 
GTOPO30 
GTOPO30 
Weiss et al., 2018 
Gridded Population of 
World Version 4 (GPWv4)

executions. The relative importance of each predictor variable on both 
the  response  variables  (i.e.,  richness  and  abundance)  was  calculated 
based on the change in prediction error, relying on the median obtained 
from the 30 repetitions. A higher variable  importance score indicates 
that the variable has a greater influence on the model (Xu et al., 2022). 
In addition, the response curves of the most important predictor vari-
ables were plotted to show how the respective variables are important in 
explaining  the  response  variable,  while keeping  all  other explanatory 
variables at their average values.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain details about the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context. It is essential to have this information to determine the exact hyperparameters used in the deep learning model.

Based on the available context, we can only infer that the study uses environmental, climatic, soil, topographic, and anthropogenic data as input features for the models. However, there is no mention of the type of deep learning algorithm employed or its corresponding hyperparameters.