Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

makes our model a powerful tool for predicting real-world phenomena 
such as wildfire spreads or pest plants propagation, since we take into 
account the most important variables in the representation.

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022665J. Boters Pitarch et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 6. Comparison between our model and Moore for parameter values in Γ.  

probability of getting it randomly. 

Property 4.2. Let N, K ∈ N and model parameters 

P = {0, 1, 1, 1, 1}, c⩾1, ΔID = 1 and p0 = 0.5  

then some random seed value exists for which our spread model is equal 
to the Von Neumann model.

where t and h represent temperature and humidity resp. 
b.Modification  of  the  update  criterion  and  application  of  ma-
chine learning: We will seek to improve our model by modifying the 
update  criterion,  maintaining  stochasticity  but  making  it  differen-
tiable. This will allow us to take advantage of machine-learning tools 
and turn our model into an intelligent cellular automaton. 
c.Optimising  the  scope:  We  will  make  changes  in  the  partitions 
used to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration. This 
will become another adjustable parameter to improve the accuracy 
and efficiency of the model. 
d.Strategies of variance-reduction: As previously mentioned, the 
estimator  given  by  Eq.  6  may  not  have  the  minimum  variance. 
Therefore, it opens the possibility to investigate and develop new and 
more sophisticated estimators by using variance reduction strategies 
such as the importance sampling, stratified sampling, Quasi-Monte

P := {0, 0.1, 0.5, 0.9, 1}

and check whether those parameter combinations with higher expected 
marginal infection are the ones that give rise to a higher expansion rate. 
In  Fig.  2,  you can  see  the  surface  generated  by  calculating  E  over  its 
parameters C, p0. 

Thus, in Fig. 3, we can see how those parameter combinations with 
higher E in Tables 2 and 3 have a higher rate of expansion which leads us 
to think that there is an important connection between E and the spread 
rate. 

However, this is not enough to complete the study. To validate this 
assumption, we calculate the Pearson correlation between E and the 
average spread rate dk, given by 

dk =

S0 (cid:0) Sk
k

,

k⩾ 1  

where Sk  refers to the number of susceptibles cells at generation k, see 
Fig. 4. This allows us to investigate whether a linear relationship exists 
between the two measures or not. 

Remark 3.1. The parameters used to carry out the correlation study 
are

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not mention any information about the deployment platform for the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based on the given context.