Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

cation. The precision was estimated by dividing the number of cow calls 
detected by the software by the total number of ROIs within the “Cow” 
cluster (Knight et al., 2017; P´erez-Granados and Schuchmann, 2020a) 
and can be interpreted as an index of the percentage of ROIs correctly 
labeled by Kaleidoscope.

2.4. Statistical analyses

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

was removed from the analyses, while we verified (acoustically and/or 
visually) each ROI within the cluster “Cow” to remove false positives. 
The recognizer’s performance was evaluated by measuring its recall 
rate and precision (Knight et al., 2017). The recall rate was estimated by 
dividing  the  number  of  cow  calls  detected  by  Kaleidoscope  by  the 
number of cow calls present in the sound recordings and is interpreted as 
an index of the percentage of calls that the recognizer is able to detect 
(Knight et al., 2017). The number of cow calls in sound recordings was 
estimated by the same experienced observer who visually and acousti-
cally  checked  200  selected  recordings  (100  recordings  with  known 
presence, 25 per site, and 100 randomly selected recordings from those 
recorded between 4 p.m. and 6 p.m.). During the review process, the 
observer had no information about the date, hour, or station identifi-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: The performance of the deep learning model is evaluated using two main metrics: recall rate and precision. The recall rate is calculated by dividing the number of cow calls detected by the model by the total number of cow calls present in the sound recordings. It serves as an index of the percentage of calls that the recognizer is capable of detecting. On the other hand, precision is determined by dividing the number of cow calls identified by the software by the overall number of Regions Of Interest (ROIs) within the "Cow" cluster. This metric can be understood as an indicator of the proportion of ROIs accurately labeled by the model.