Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

2.6. Machine learning models

Unraveling longitudinal pollution patterns of organic micropollutants in a river by

non-target screening and cluster analysis. Sci. Total Environ. 727, 138388 https://
doi.org/10.1016/j.scitotenv.2020.138388.

Bilbao, I., Bilbao, J., 2017. Overfitting problem and the over-training in the era of data:
Particularly for Artificial Neural Networks. In: 2017 Eighth International Conference
on Intelligent Computing and Information Systems (ICICIS). Presented at the 2017
Eighth International Conference on Intelligent Computing and Information Systems
(ICICIS), pp. 173–177. https://doi.org/10.1109/IN℡CIS.2017.8260032.

Bo¨enne, W., Desmet, N., Looy, S.V., Seuntjens, P., 2014. Use of online water quality

monitoring for assessing the effects of WWTP overflows in rivers. Environ Sci Process
Impacts 16, 1510–1518. https://doi.org/10.1039/C3EM00449J.

River systems provide multiple ecosystem services to society globally, but these are already degraded or
threatened in many areas of the world due to water quality issues linked to diffuse and point-source pollutant
inputs. Water quality evaluation is essential to develop remediation and management strategies. Computational
tools such as machine learning based predictive models have been developed to improve monitoring network
capabilities. The model’s performance is reduced when datasets composed of reductant information are used for
training, on the other hand, the selection of most representative and variable water quality scenarios could result
in higher precision. This study analyzed historical water quality behavior in the Santiago River, Mexico, to
identify the most variable and representative data available to train machine learning models (Adaptive Neuro
Fuzzy Inference System – ANFIS, Artificial Neural Network – ANN, and Support Vector Machine - SVM). Thirteen

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning models. However, it mentions three types of machine learning models used in this study: Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS), Artificial Neural Network (ANN), and Support Vector Machine (SVM). These models can be implemented using various deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, etc. But without further information, we cannot determine which exact framework was utilized in building these models.