Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

2.2. Study species

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

extracted the total number of observations of the species uploaded to 
eBird and the total number of recordings of each species stored in Xeno- 
canto  (http://www.xeno-canto.org).  Xeno-canto  is  a  public,  citizen- 
based,  birdsong  repository.  It  is  a  collaborative  project  dedicated  to 
sharing  (freely  downloadable)  bird  sounds  from  all  over  the  world, 
hosting over 714,000 recordings of 10,300 bird species. The platform 
has  allowed  the  development  of  machine-learning  algorithms  able  to 
automatically identify 3000 bird species by their sound (Wood et al., 
2022)  owing  to  the  large  number  of  labeled  recordings  uploaded  by 
skilled ornithologists. We considered the eBird index as a proxy of bird 
rarefaction, where a lower number of observations could be related to a 
more  restricted  distribution  of  the  species,  while  a  lower  number  of 
recordings  in  Xeno-canto  may  indicate  a  species  with  a  more  limited

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model mentioned in Wood et al.'s study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware were utilized during the training process based solely on the provided context.