Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine-learning aiding sustainable Indian Ocean tuna purse seine fishery 

Nerea Goikoetxea a, *, Izaro Goienetxea b, Jose A. Fernandes-Salvador a, Nicolas Go˜ni c, 
Igor Granado b, I˜naki Quincoces a, Leire Ibaibarriaga a, Jon Ruiz a, Hilario Murua d, 
Ainhoa Caballero b 
a AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Txatxarramendi Ugartea z/g, 48395 Sukarrieta, Spain 
b AZTI, Marine Research, Basque Research and Technology Alliance (BRTA), Herrera kaia, Portualdea z/g, 20110 Pasaia, Spain 
c LUKE, Natural Resources Institute Finland, It¨ainen Pitk¨akatu 4A, FI-20520 Turku, Finland 
d International Sustainable Seafood Foundation, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, United States   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Current speed* 

Temperature 

Sea level anomaly   
Mixed layer depth   
Bottom temperature   
SST   

Net primary production  

Dissolved molecular oxygen 

concentration  

Chlorophyll concentration  

Chlorophyll fronts   
SST fronts   
Thermocline intensity   
Thermocline depth   

Temperature gradient 

Bathymetry   
Latitude   
Longitude   
Month    

0, 10, 20, 50, 100, 125, 
150, 175, 200 
0, 10, 20, 50, 100, 125, 
150, 175, 200 
0, 10, 20, 50, 100, 125, 
150, 175, 200

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Sustainable fishing 
Bycatch 
Machine-learning 
Tropical tuna 
Fisheries oceanography 
Species distribution models

The objective of the present study is to predict  fishing grounds to 
catch tropical tuna species (SKJ, YFT and BET), while simultaneously 
reducing the bycatch of vulnerable species (FAL) in the Indian Ocean, 
for  thus  help  improve  the  fishing  efficiency.  This  contribution  for 
improving  the  fishing  efficiency  is  to  be  achieved  by  applying  ML  to 
combined  catches and  environmental  datasets.  Here,  efficiency  is  un-
derstood as fishing the same amount of target species while reducing the 
bycatch  of  silky  shark  and  consuming  less  fuel  by  reducing  the  time 
spent searching for tuna schools. 

2. Material and methods 

In this study a ML-based approach has been applied to forecast the 
probability of high catch zones of different species of tropical tuna, by 
training  models  with  environmental  data  and  historical  catch  and 
bycatch data. 

2.1. Catch and bycatch data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The article does not provide explicit information on the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the machine learning pipeline. However, it mentions using combined catches and environmental datasets. These could potentially include data from various sources such as satellite imagery, oceanographic buoys, or other marine monitoring systems for environmental variables like sea surface temperature, chlorophyll concentrations, etc. Historical catch and bycatch data might have been collected through logbooks, observer programs, or other fisheries management databases.