Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

using 

The  first  step  (data  filtering)  involves  data  acquisition  and  masks 
application  (Fig.  1).  From  the  EECE,  users  can  retrieve  the  EOS  data 
catalogue  from  the  GEE  online  repository  (https://developers.google. 
com/earth-engine/datasets/), 
ee.ImageCollection() 
constructor. Constructor arguments must also be included, such as fil-
terDate, which limits the collection to a selected period, and the inner 
clip function that cuts it within a specific study area extent. The identi-
fied  public  image  series  (time  series)  may  be  preprocessed,  but  also 
undergo the previously mentioned QA bands-based masking processes 
for each satellite, through optionally implementable masking functions 
(in yellow as depicted below). 

the

Flexible data scaling is challenging not only because data may sub-
stantially differ across sensors in terms of spatial and temporal charac-
teristics, but also because EOS data acquisition often includes hundreds 
or even thousands of scenes to process. Despite the promising possibility 
to  collect  multi-sensor  multi-temporal  time  series  spanning  decades, 
sequential process steps of such EOS big data are only possible through 
advanced frameworks and enhanced computational power (Ma et al., 
2015). In this direction, online data repositories and cloud computing 
platforms  (e.g.  Google  Earth  Engine;  GEE;  Gorelick  et  al.,  2017)  are 
progressively  providing  a  compelling  solution,  given  their  ever- 
increasing  capacity  to  store  data  from  multiple  satellites,  combined 
with big data fast computation (Gorelick et al., 2017; Ma et al., 2015). In 
particular,  the  GEE  platform  has  witnessed  a  significant  increase  in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the context of environmental data analysis using deep learning pipelines, raw data can be collected through various methods. These include the use of remote sensing technologies, such as Earth Observation Satellite (EOS) systems, which provide large volumes of data with diverse spatial and temporal characteristics. Users can access these data catalogues from platforms like the Google Earth Engine (GEE) online repository. This repository allows users to retrieve EOS data collections using constructors like ee.ImageCollection(), along with filters such as filterDate to limit the collection to a specific period. Additionally, the identified public image series or time series can undergo preprocessing and quality assurance (QA) band-based masking processes for each satellite. Other sources of raw data could include publicly available datasets, surveys, and sensor networks. However, the context does not explicitly mention these methods.