Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2.3. Complex network measures 

After the network is constructed, a plethora of quantitative network 
measures become available (Newman, 2018). We investigate the utility 
of the network’s Average Shortest Path  length (ASPL) for the studied 
networks. ASPL can be defined as (Barab´asi, 2013): 

ASPL =

d(s, t)
n(n (cid:0) 1)

∑

s, t ∈ V
s ∕= t

However,  although  research  on  the  urban  AE  gained  traction  in 
recent years, sophisticated methods to quantify its complex properties 
on  a  larger  scale  are  still  scarce.  This  is  especially  true  for  big  audio 
datasets, which are so extensive that listening to the files becomes no 
longer  feasible.  To  date,  few  approaches  have  been  used  to  quantify 
large datasets of the urban AE. Classical approaches reach their limits 
when  it  comes  to  analyzing  longer  recording  periods  (e.g.  several 
months) (Gage et al., 2017). In recent years, sound event classification 
using  machine  learning  approaches  became  more  popular  (Phillips 
et al., 2018; Sethi et al., 2022; Stowell et al., 2019; Ulloa et al., 2018), 
but is still not ready to be deployed unconfined (Alcocer et al., 2022). In 
psychoacoustics, mostly smaller field studies have been conducted (Hall 
et  al.,  2013;  Ma  et  al.,  2021;  Montoya-Belmonte  and  Navarro,  2020;

All analyses were performed using Python 3.8.5 and corresponding 
packages.  A  list  of  packages  and  their  versions,  python  code  for  our 
analyses as well as a demo dataset with functions and documentation to 
apply FCM-based complex networks for any kind of power spectra from 
the urban AE is provided on GitHub (https://github.com/THaselhoff/Co 
mplex-networks-for-analyzing-the-urban-acoustic-environment). 

4. Results 

4.1. Diel cycle of average shortest path length

(continued on next page) 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10232611T. Haselhoff et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Table B1 (continued ) 

AAD_ID 

Land use type 

23 
24 

Commercial Area 
Urban Forest 

R2-Threshold 

0.75 
0.71 

ASPL 

2.76 
2.21 

STD 

0.18 
0.34  

Appendix C

Fig. C1. 95% Bootstrap intervals of the average shortest path length (ASPL) for each hour by device. For each hour per device, 100 Bootstrap samples were build and 
the 97.5 and 2.5 quantiles of the ASPL values were calculated.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10232612T. Haselhoff et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning models mentioned in the study. However, common metrics used to evaluate the performance of deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC-ROC). Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions out of total predictions made. Precision measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all positive predictions made. Recall measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all actual positives. The F1 score is the harmonic mean of precision and recall, providing a single metric that balances both. The AUC-ROC provides a measure of how well the model distinguishes between classes. Without further information, it cannot be determined which specific metrics were used in this study.