Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

URL. https://medium.com/sentinel-hub/improving-cloud-detection-with-machine- 
learning-c09dc5d7cf13 (accessed 4.14.22).  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203216

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wetlands 
Wetland use intensity 
East Africa 
Ecosystem health 
Earth observation 
Sentinel-2

played in Table 3, so that the overall proportion of the complete dataset 
can be described as representative of land use classes in the study area. 
An overview of the plot locations is presented in Fig. 4.

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203211S. Steinbach et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

The new method for calculating WUI is fully automated in the cloud- 
based  GEE  processing  environment,  has  low  computational  re-
quirements,  facilitating  operational  usage  for  wetland  management. 
Various authors report a lack of applicability of geoinformation science 
outputs in operational wetland management (e.g., Hardy et al., 2020; 
Ludwig  et  al.,  2019;  Siles  et  al.,  2019).  Our  automated  method  of 
generating WUI with open access spatial data that is globally available 
through  long-term  operational  satellite  platforms,  and  user-friendly, 
accessible software helps address this gap. 

5.2. WUI for large-scale wetland health assessment in Rwanda

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the new method for calculating Wetland Use Intensity (WUI) is deployed using the Google Earth Engine (GEE) processing environment. The text mentions that the method is fully automated in the cloud-based GEE processing environment. However, there is no explicit mention of which specific platform such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform (GCP) was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, we cannot definitively determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model.