Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Training a neural network requires to set several hyper-parameters
such as the learning rate, number of epochs and batch size. The learning
rate is a special one since it deﬁnes how much the weights are ‘moved’
to decrease the loss. A bigger one could cause the network not to learn,
on the other hand, a smaller one could require much more steps for
learning. To decrease this issue, we train the network with Adam op-
timizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015), a variant of the stochastic gradient
optimization where the learning rate is adjusted automatically. The rest
of the parameters are set empirically, more details are presented in the
experiments section.

5. Experiments

In this section, we present the experimental characterization of the
proposed approach. The implemented network was trained with Adam
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015) on a Inter Core i7 machine with
NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. The hyperparameters were set as follows:
learning rate 0.01, number of epochs 150, batch size 2500.

tion. With the modiﬁed images a CNN was trained to classify three
diﬀerent legume species: white bean, red bean and soybean. A relevant
approach for deep learning is a form of transfer learning. It is well
known that deep learning networks need large amounts of data to be
trained, this has led to the use of pre-trained networks that are latter
ﬁne-tuned with speciﬁc data of the addressed problem. The aim is to
take advantage of the knowledge learned from one problem to apply it
to another closely related problem. In (Ghazi et al., 2017), three re-
cognized deep learning architectures, namely GoogLeNet, AlexNet, and
VGGNet, were used to identify the plant species captured in a photo-
graph. The authors studied the impact of critical factors (iteration size,

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Ghazi, M.M., Yanikoglu, B., Aptoula, E., 2017. Plant identiﬁcation using deep neural
networks via optimization of transfer learning parameters. Neurocomputing 235,
228–235.

Comput. Sci. 58, 740–747.

Naresh, Y., Nagendraswamy, H., 2016. Classiﬁcation of medicinal plants: an approach

using modiﬁed lbp with symbolic representation. Neurocomputing 173, 1789–1797.

Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., Courville, A., Bengio, Y., 2016. Deep Learning. vol. 1 MIT

Nex, F., Remondino, F., 2014. Uav for 3d mapping applications: a review. Appl.

Press, Cambridge.

Geomatics 6 (1), 1–15.

Grinblat, G.L., Uzal, L.C., Larese, M.G., Granitto, P.M., 2016. Deep learning for plant

identiﬁcation using vein morphological patterns. Comput. Electron. Agric. 127,
418–424.

Hunt, D., et al., 2006. The New Cactus Lexicon: Descriptions and Illustrations of the

Cactus Family. 2 David Hunt Books, Milborne Port, Dorset.

max pooling operation is performed, using a kernel of 2 × 2 and stride
two. Next, the features are ﬂattened to a one dimension vector of size
400. Later, three fully connected layers are applied with 120, 84, and 2
nodes respectively. Until this point, the output of the CNN is a vector of
real numbers called logits. Therefore, a LogSoftMax function is applied
to convert the logits into a normalized probability distribution:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The implemented network was trained on a Intel Core i7 machine with NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. This indicates that the deep learning model was trained using a combination of CPU and GPU resources. Specifically, the CPU used was an Intel Core i7, while the GPU used was an NVIDIA GeForce 1080. No mention of any other hardware resources such as TPUs or additional GPUs was made in the given context.