Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

±16 
±16 
±16 
±16 
±16  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026053S. Zhang et al.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026059S. Zhang et al.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Siyuan  Zhang:  Writing  –  original  draft,  Visualization.  Xiaojun 
Huang: Validation, Supervision, Project administration, Investigation, 
Formal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization. Lei Ma: Methodol-
ogy,  Data  curation.  Ganbat  Dashzevegd:  Investigation.  Mungunk-
huyag Ariunaa: Investigation. Gang Bao: Funding acquisition. Siqin 
Tong:  Funding  acquisition.  Yuhai  Bao:  Funding  acquisition.  Altan-
chimeg  Dorjsuren: 
Enkhnasan: 
Investigation. 

Investigation.  Davaadorj 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

The datasets generated and/or analyzed during the current study are 

available from the corresponding author upon reasonable request. 

Acknowledgments

Xi, G., Huang, X., Xie, Y., Gang, B., Bao, Y., Dashzebeg, G., Nanzad, T., Dorjsuren, A., 

Enkhnasan, D., Ariunaa, M., 2021. Detection ofLarch Forest Stress from Jas’s Larch 
Inchworm (Erannis jacobsoni Djak) attack using hyperspectral remote sensing. 
Remote Sens. 14, 124 (2021).  

Xiao, L., et al., 2023. Multispectral versus texture features from ZiYuan-3 for recognizing 

on deciduous tree species with cloud and SVM models. Sci. Rep. 13. 

Xiapeng, J., et al., 2021. Assessing mangrove leaf traits under different pest and disease 

severity with hyperspectral imaging spectroscopy. Ecol. Indic. 129. 

Xiapeng, J., et al., 2022. Newly-developed three-band hyperspectral vegetation index for 
estimating leaf relative chlorophyll content of mangrove under different severities of 
pest and disease. Ecol. Indic. 140. 

Yanchao, Z., et al., 2021. Fusion of multispectral aerial imagery and vegetation indices 

for machine learning-based ground classification. Remote Sens. 13.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information regarding the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not available in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.