Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We further improved Waveman by modifying BatNet and opti-
mizing parameter setting of batch size. We add new kind of BNorm
layers behind the 22 convolutional layers to prevent overfitting when
we trained models using BatNet (Fig. 2C). Therefore the model
“learned” to generalize from a trend in both “known” and “unknown”
datasets rather than to maximize the performance on the “known”
datasets (usually called training datasets, Ioffe and Szegedy, 2015).
Computers can only train with small volumes of images at once as they
have too little Random Access Memory or Graphic memory. Batch size
was set to limit the image number. In this study, we set a large batch
size equal to 128, which means training with 128 images for each
iteration.

Pedregosa, F., Varoquaux, G., Gramfort, A., Michel, V., Thirion, B., Grisel, O., et al., 2011.
Scikit-learn: machine learning in python. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 12, 2825–2830.
Pennell, M.W., Eastman, J.M., Slater, G.J., Brown, J.W., Uyeda, J.C., FitzJohn, R.G., et al.,
2014. Geiger v2. 0: an expanded suite of methods for fitting macroevolutionary
models to phylogenetic trees. Bioinformatics 30, 2216–2218.

Proença, V., Martin, L.J., Pereira, H.M., Fernandez, M., McRae, L., Belnap, J., et al., 2017.
Global biodiversity monitoring: from data sources to essential biodiversity variables.
Biol. Conserv. 213, 256–263.

Rich, L.N., Davis, C.L., Farris, Z.J., Miller, D.A., Tucker, J.M., Hamel, S., et al., 2017.
Assessing global patterns in mammalian carnivore occupancy and richness by in-
tegrating local camera trap surveys. Glob. Ecol. Biogeogr. 26, 918–929.

Russo, D., Jones, G., 2002. Identification of twenty-two bat species (Mammalia: chir-

2.1.4. Training models with the reference library

The network is key to optimizing the parameters in the model using
the reference dataset. The higher the efficiency of extracting acoustic
feature from spectrum images, the higher the accuracy. We built a new
network specifically for the tropical bats (termed BatNet), which was
incorporated into our software Waveman. The BatNet has 22 convolu-
tional layers for extracting useful acoustic features (Simonyan and
Zisserman, 2014) and eight shortcut connections between layers to
avoid the problem of information loss as layer number increases. There
are two key parameter settings of batch size equal to 64, and learning

3

X. Chen, et al.

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Biological Conservation

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/biocon

Automatic standardized processing and identification of tropical bat calls
using deep learning approaches

T

Xing Chena,1, Jun Zhaob,1, Yan-hua Chena, Wei Zhoub,*, Alice C. Hughesa,*
a Center for Integrative Conservation, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Menglun 666303, China
b Software School, Yunnan University, Kunming 650500, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Bats
Bioacoustics
Automated monitoring
Algorithms
Deep learning
Neural network
Automatic processing
Biodiversity metrics
Machine learning
Calls
Echolocation
Monitoring protocol

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the authors have not explicitly mentioned how the hyperparameters of their model were optimized, such as through techniques like grid search or random search. However, they do mention adjusting certain parameters, including the batch size, which was set to 128. This suggests that some form of manual tuning may have been used to find optimal values for these parameters. It would be best to consult the original research paper or contact the authors directly for more specific details about the optimization process.