Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These  spectrogram images  are  input  into  the  ResNet-50  deep  (50- 
layer) convolutional neural network (CNN), which was developed and 
pre-trained using millions of label images in over 1000 categories (He 
et  al.,  2015).  Although  ResNet-50  was  not  explicitly  trained  on  spec-
trograms, many studies have shown that CNNs pre-trained for one task 
can  extract  meaningful  features  distant  from  the  original  training 
dataset  (e.g.,  Almabdy  and  Elrefaei,  2019;  Bousetouane  and  Morris, 
2015; Copiaco et al., 2019; Razavian et al., 2014). A suite of features is

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Automated cataloging of oyster toadfish (Opsanus tau) boatwhistle calls 
using template matching and machine learning 

DelWayne R. Bohnenstiehl * 

Department of Marine, Earth and Atmospheric Sciences and Center for Geospatial Analytics, NC State University, Raleigh, NC, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Fish calls 
Underwater soundscapes 
Call detection 
Machine learning

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022684D.R. Bohnenstiehl

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022686D.R. Bohnenstiehl                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Fig.  6. Feature  extraction  and  classification  work-
flows as applied to the same data segments in Fig. 5. 
An  850-ms  long  data  segment  (boxes)  is  extracted 
from the unfiltered waveform around each detection 
to  form  a  frequency-reassigned  spectrogram  image. 
These  images  are  fed  into  ResNet-50  CNN,  and  acti-
vations  from  the  fully  connected  layer  (fc1000)  are 
used as a feature vector for each detected signal. The 
SVM  classifier  is  used  to  classify  the  candidate  de-
tections based on the layer activations. Signals in the 
‘other’  class  represent  false  alarms  identified  by 
detection stage.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about the specific code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact location or platform where the code can be accessed. It would be best to contact the authors directly for more detailed information regarding their code repository.