Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

down pathway and P7
up pathway. 

A  novel  compound  scaling  method  was  proposed  in  EfficientNet, 
which  uses  a  compound  coefficient  ϕ  to  scale  uniformly  and  adjust 
dynamically three parameters’  depth α, width β  and resolution γ  in a 
principled way: 

depth : d = αϕ
width : w = βϕ
resolution : r = γϕ
s.t. α.β2.γ2 ≈ 2 α ≥ 1, β ≥ 1, γ ≥ 1.

(6) 

where constant α, β and γ is determined by the grid search operation. 
User-specified coefficient ϕ  controls the available resources for model 
scaling, while constant α, β and γ identify the way to assign these extra 
resources to network width, depth and resolution, respectively. 

3. Methodology 

The procedure of the proposed approach for H. ovalis detection can 
be divided into four steps: dataset description; dataset processing and 
labelling; model training; and performance evaluation. These steps are 
described below: 

O =

∑

wi
∑

ϵ +

i

wj

.Ii

(3)  

j

3.1. Datasets

Martin-Abadal, M., Guerrero-Font, E., Bonin-Font, F., GonzalezCid, Y., 2018. Deep 
semantic segmentation in an auv for online posidonia oceanica meadows 
identification. IEEE Access 6, 60956–60967. 

Maxwell, P.S., Eklof, J.S., van Katwijk, M.M., O’Brien, K.R., de la Torre-Castro, M., 

Bostrom, C., Bouma, T.J., Krause-Jensen, D., Unsworth, R.K., van Tussenbroek, B.I., 
et al., 2017. The fundamental role of ecological feedback mechanisms for the 
adaptive management of seagrass ecosystems–a review. Biol. Rev. 92 (3), 
1521–1538. 

Ren, S., He, K., Girshick, R., Sun, J., 2015. Faster r-cnn: towards real-time object 

detection with region proposal networks. Adv. Neural Inf. Proces. Syst. 28. 

Reus, G., Moller, T., Jager, J., Schultz, S.T., Kruschel, C., Hasenauer, J., Wolff, V., Fricke-

bottom-up  path,  which  improves  low-level  feature  propagation.  By 
linking the feature grid with all feature levels, adaptive feature pooling 
is used to propagate useful information directly between feature levels. 
PANet uses more accurate localisation signals in lower layers of the 
network, which enhances the location accuracy of objects. Finally, the 
head section generates three different sizes (18 × 18,36 × 36,72 × 72) of 
feature maps to enable multiscale prediction and help the model handle 
small, medium and large objects. The CSPDarknet backbone extracts the 
feature from the input data, and then these feature maps are fed into the 
PANet for feature fusion. Finally, the head layer predicts the class, score 
and location of the objects (Xu et al., 2021). 

2.3. EfficientDet architecture

on  the  confidence  value,  this  algorithm  can  determine  whether  the 
bounding box contains an object or not (regardless of class). Intersection 
over union (IoU) is utilised in YOLO to choose the right bounding box for 
the grid cell after predicting the bounding box. YOLO uses a non-max 
suppression  technique  to  remove  excess  bounding  boxes.  YOLO  also 
utilises  the  sum  of  the  squared  error  loss  function.  This  algorithm  is 
popular because it maintains speed and accuracy in real-time applica-
tions. However, YOLOv1 suffers from inaccurate positioning and a low 
recall rate. YOLOv2 (Redmon and Farhadi, 2017) reduces the overfitting 
problem by adding a batch normalisation technique. YOLOv3 (Redmon, 
2016) improves the accuracy significantly by combining deep residual 
block,  skip  connections  and  up-sampling  techniques.  It  was  proposed 
with a Darknet19 backbone feature extractor. To improve the detection

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the optimization of the hyperparameters of the model is mentioned briefly. According to the text, the constants alpha, beta, and gamma are determined using a grid search operation. Grid search is a type of exhaustive search that involves specifying a set of values for each parameter being tuned, and evaluating the model on every possible combination of those values. In other words, it systematically searches through a manually specified subset of a hyperparameter space of a learning algorithm. Therefore, in this case, the hyperparameters of the model are optimized using a grid search operation.