Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Halgamuge et al. (2020) focused on utilizing deep learning to esti-
mate the best optimizer selection methods for wildfire event predictions 
in Australia. They developed an algorithm to collect the data automat-
ically and analyzed six different optimizer models using deep learning 
technology. They concluded that this approach could predict a natural 
disaster, including wildfire events, by investigating historical environ-
mental  conditions  before  and  after  wildfires  occurred  using  the  deep 
learning methodology. Dowdy (2020) focused on demonstrating a sea-
sonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia. This 
measured  spatio-temporal  variations  and  seasonality  across  several 
datasets  and  utilized  this  methodology  to  predict  wildfire  events, 
focusing on the seasonal predictions using the 2019–2020 wildfire sea-
son  as  an  example  and  measuring  long-term  predictions.  Coen  et  al.

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)1018994G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan

Using  the  Code  Editor  tool,  97  images  were  extracted  from  April 
2013 to July 2021. In total, 9841 areas in the forest were analyzed, and 
NDVI  data  was  extracted.  The  method  involved  using  the  map  func-
tionality of the Code Editor tool and scripting all the required calcula-
tions in JavaScript. Mean NDVI scores were calculated for each one of 
these areas, and the percentage of vegetation in these areas with low 
NDVI scores was recorded. The final dataset included the mean NDVI 
score, month date stamp of the time each image was taken, and forest 
vulnerability  as  the  percentage  of  vegetation  with  low  NDVI  scores. 
Some images had to be excluded due to inappropriate NDVI estimates, 
lack of such estimates, and cloud coverage. The study was also extracted 
data during the main wildfire events that spread through the selected 
forest from September 2019 to January 2020. However, at least 75% of

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)10189914G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The papers mentioned do not provide information about where the code repositories of their respective deep learning pipelines are located. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if they are available on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket based solely on the given context. To find out more details regarding the availability of the code repositories, further research would need to be conducted.

Reference(s):
Halgamuge et al. (2020), Dowdy (2020), G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan