Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Model evaluation

are not enough data available to reliably fit every type of model, espe-
cially  given  the  demanding  nature  of  some  machine  learning  ap-
proaches,  and  computation  time  can  be  a  considerable  limitation  as 
well, such as for more demanding Bayesian models. The package will 
raise warnings and highlighted messages in case the provided informa-
tion is not sufficient for inferring a species distribution.

Isaac et al. (2020). This is since (a) the consideration of all available data 
is  one of the  main points of  model-based integration, (b)  appropriate 
validation metrics are less straight-forward than for single datasets as 
biases and sampling methods can differ, and (c) any validation dataset 
might not represent the niche and environmental parameters estimated 
by  the  integrated  model.  For  example,  the  standard  practice  of  with-
holding parts of the training data for validating a model often means that 
both  training  and  testing  data  suffer  from  the  same  spatial  and  envi-
ronmental biases (Baker et al., 2022). If, however prior knowledge of the 
biology of a species is integrated in a SDM through a prior or offset, thus 
“nudging”  or constraining response functions towards a more sensible 
outcome  and  ultimately  different  prediction,  the  use  of  any  (biased) 
withheld data would likely indicate a reduced predictive performance

known  areas  of occurrence,  can also be  added  to  the  same object (SI 
Fig. 1). Finally, after specifying an engine and training the model, the 
resulting  fit  can  then  be  visually  interrogated,  summarized  and  vali-
dated  (Fig.  1)  or  passed  on  to  construct  a  ‘scenario’  with  different 
(temporal) predictors. The sections below highlights the package func-
tionalities in more depth and also include demonstrations with example 
code and data for each. 

2.2. Integration

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about specific postprocessing steps like saliency maps, confusion matrices, or metric calculations. However, it mentions that after specifying an engine and training the model, the resulting fit can be visually interrogated, summarized, and validated. Visual interrogation might involve techniques similar to saliency maps, which help understand what features contribute most to the predictions made by the model. Summarization could refer to calculating various metrics to evaluate the model's performance, while validation may entail using techniques like confusion matrices to assess the accuracy of the model's predictions.