Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines, Decision Trees, Boosting, 
and Random Trees (Yang et al., 2010). However, a growing subarea in 
machine learning, called deep learning, can leverage large image data-
sets  to train  deep neural networks such as  Convolutional Neural  Net-
works (CNNs) (Jordan and Mitchell, 2015) to make accurate predictions 
on new, unseen images.

2.3. Imagery splitting ratio 

We split the dataset in a ratio of 80:10:10 for training, validation, and 
testing sets, respectively. This ratio was used due to prior evidence of 
exceed performances in detecting small insects and diseases using deep 
learning models (Kiratiratanapruk et al., 2022; Krishnadas and Sampa-
thila, 2021; Mulchandani et al., 2019). The training dataset consisted of 
1543 images, 243 images for the validation set, and 247 images for the 
testing set and all were at input resolution of 640 × 640 pixels. The 1280 
× 1280 pixels input resolution consisted of 1637 images for the training 
set, 255 images for the validation set, and 262 images for the testing set. 
Independently,  we  trained  5  different  versions  of  the  YOLOv5  model 
family  including:  YOLOv5n,  YOLOv5s,  YOLOv5m,  YOLOv5l,  and 
YOLOv5x models to detect alates on sorghum leaves. 

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models 

The  You  Only  Look  Once,  or  YOLO,  family  of  models  are  open- 
sourced  computer  vision  models  used  for  detecting  objects.  These 
state-of-the-art, single-stage detector models created by Ultralytics are 
built on PyTorch machine learning framework (Ultralytics, 2023). The 
YOLOv5 family consists of 5 different versions that differ in complexity 
including the nano (n), small (s), medium (m), large (l), and extra-large 
(x)  detector  models.  Each  version  of  YOLOv5  contains  a  different 
number of  layers  and  parameters, which  differ in  model sizes.  Model 
accuracy is  lost  when size  is  reduced,  but training speed  is  improved 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025402I. Grijalva et al.

Usually,  growers  or  entomologists  manually  monitor  pests  using 
morphology keys, pest guides, and images to match key characteristics 
with  common  genera  and  species  names  reported  in  the  literature 
(Bishop and Hutchings, 2011). However, using machine learning, and 
specifically, deep learning approaches, has the potential to expedite this 
important component to the monitoring process by automating several 
tasks using imagery (Grijalva et al., 2023a; Grijalva et al., 2023b; Wang 
et al., 2023). Species detection and classification of organisms found in 
production sorghum fields are common tasks during standard scouting 
events  or  bouts.  Machine  learning  can  automate  these  tasks  with  the 
slightest  use  of  labor  and  time  (Chen  et  al.,  2021).  Many  traditional 
machine  learning  algorithms  have  been  used  to  classify  pests;  these 
include  the  Normal  Bayes  classifier  (a.k.a.,  Naïve  Bayes  classifier),  K

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. It would be best to refer back to the original source or contact the authors directly for more details about the data repository link.