Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

surveys of PAs covering thousands of square kilometers and generating 
thousands of images can be delayed by several months using the OCC 
approach due to the slow but necessary manual processing of images. 
Recent  advances  in  machine  learning  have  propelled  the  perspec-
tives of remotely sensed imagery for wildlife conservation (Tuia et al., 
2022),  and  announced  good  prospects  for  the  automation  of  image 
processing from SRF-OCC surveys (Delplanque et al., 2023b; Eikelboom 
et al., 2019). Deep learning (DL) is a subgroup of machine learning and 
artificial intelligence (AI) where artificial neural networks are trained to 
achieve challenging tasks (e.g. detect animals in aerial imagery) through 
a complex multi-level representation of information learned from a large 
amounts of data (LeCun et al., 2015). In the last decade, DL has been 
widely  employed  to  (semi-)automate  the  detection  and  counting  of

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wildlife population estimation 
Aerial surveys 
Deep learning 
Biodiversity monitoring 
Conservation technology 
African savanna

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Will artificial intelligence revolutionize aerial surveys? A first large-scale 
semi-automated survey of African wildlife using oblique imagery and 
deep learning

with a 50% probability of occurrence. To avoid any risk of overfitting at 
each  training  stage,  we  selected  the  model  relative  to  the  epoch  that 
gave the best performance on the validation set. During inference, the 
patch  size  was  set  to  1024  × 1,024  pixels  to  accelerate  the  process. 
Further information on the fine-tuning process is described in section 
2.5.2.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning model. However, common frameworks used for building deep learning models include TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, and others. Without more detailed information, it cannot be definitively stated which framework was utilized in this case.