Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The rules for this Apis-FIS subsystem are: 
IF (LCWTSuit is VL) THEN (ApisSuit is VLS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is L) OR (DistSuit is UP) THEN (ApisSuit is LS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is M) THEN (ApisSuit is MS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is H) OR (DistSuit is AP) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is HS) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
To  implement  our  FIS  models,  we  use  the  fuzzy  logic  toolbox  of 
Matlab 2023b. This toolbox provides large capabilities to choose several 
membership functions and to build any desired set of inference rules. 

Fig. 14. Response surface of LCWTSuit and ApisSuit.  

2.4. Apis-FIS model validation

IF (DistMr is UP) OR (DistSr is UP) OR (DistMWr is UP) OR (DistOWr 

is UP) THEN (DistSuit is UP). 

IF (DistMr is AP) OR (DistSr is AP) OR (DistMWr is AP) OR (DistOWr 

is AP) THEN (DistSuit is AP). 

The effective solution of our tree-based FIS in Apis-FIS, the last node 
of  our  architecture  with  two  input  Prox-FIS  and  LCWT-FIS.  For  the 
output  of  Apis-FIS,  we  used  triangular  and  trapezoidal  membership 
function  with  five  fuzzy  sets  for  the  output  with:  “very  low  suitable” 
(VLS), “low suitable” (LS), “moderate suitable” (MS), “suitable” (S) and 
“highly suitable” (HS) for linguistic variables appear in Fig. 10.

Fig. 2. Overview of the study area: Land Use / Land Cover Map (LULC) source: (MELCCFP, Q, 2022).  

Table 1 
Data types used in this study.  

Dataset 

LULC 

Temporal 
R. 

Spatial 
R. 

Data 
type 

Sources 

Annual 

10 m 

Raster 

MNT-Lidar 

– 

1 m 

Raster 

Weather data 

Daily 

2.5 km 

Raster 

Database of parcels and 
declared agricultural 
production (BDPPAD) 
Geobase of the Qu´ebec 
hydrographic network 
(GRHQ) 

Geobase Adresses Qu´ebec 

Annual 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

Vector 

Vector 

Vector 

(MELCCFP, Q, 
2022) 
(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.F, 2020) 
(Mai et al., 
2020) 
(FADQ, 2022) 

(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.d.F, 2016) 

(Minist`ere, d.r. 
n.e.d.F, 2015)  

flight time and performance. Flying time and performance is linked to 
many weather factors like temperature, wind, precipitation, solar radi-
ation, and these factors combined dictate if and when honey bees will 
take flight.

2.3.2. Architecture of tree-based FIS model 

A  tree-based  FIS  is  a  system  of  interconnected  sub-FIS  models  ar-
ranged in a cascade structure. Each subsystem outputs are then used as 
inputs  for  the  next  subsystem  or  the  final  decision,  forming  a  hierar-
ˇ
Sindel´aˇr,  2005;  Torra,  2002).  Depending  on  the 
chical  structure  (
application and computational efficiency, several configurations can be 
used  (Mutlu  et  al.,  2018;  Torra,  2002).  Hybrid  architectures,  for 
example, are suitable for modelling systems with high uncertainty and 
correlated variables (Mutlu et  al., 2018). We decided to use a hybrid 
architecture, as shown in Fig. 6. Our system is divided into three simple 
subsystems (Wth-FIS for weather, Topo-FIS for topography, Prox-FIS for

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that no deep learning model such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers were explicitly mentioned or used in the described pipeline. Instead, the authors utilized a tree-based Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) model for their analysis. The FIS model consists of multiple interconnected sub-models arranged in a cascading structure, which takes inputs from previous subsystems and produces outputs for subsequent ones. The specific implementation uses Matlab 2023b's fuzzy logic toolbox to create the FIS models. Therefore, based on the available information, there is no indication that a deep learning model was employed in the pipeline.