Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

analysts.  Second,  using  machine  learning  (ML)  techniques,  such 
as  deep  learning  (DL),  we  progressively  train  computational 
models  to  detect  and  classify  events  of  interest,  and  reduce  the 
amount of wildlife data reviewed by human analysts by orders of 
magnitude.

Periodically,  we  test  the  efficacy  of  UI  improvements  using A/B 
testing  on  a  small  number  of  projects.  For  example,  when  we 
enabled analysts to use keyboard shortcuts to audit multiple soun 
panels  on  each  page,  we  were  able  to  increase  our  audit 
throughput by a factor of two.  

4.2.2.Deep Learning for Classification 

and Detection

all  based  on  the  lower  level  representations  learned  in  previous 
layers. These  models  are  completely  trainable  from  data,  usually 
in a supervised fashion, such that the learning algorithm (usually 
stochastic  gradient  decent),  is  told  what  the  desired  output  is  for 
each input data sample.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, it is mentioned that stochastic gradient descent (SGD) is used as a learning algorithm for training deep learning models. However, there is no explicit mention of other optimization techniques being applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, based solely on the provided information, it cannot be determined if any other optimization techniques besides SGD are utilized in this particular case.