Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Insects  are  highly  abundant  and  diverse,  and  play  major  roles  in  ecosystem  functions.  Monitoring  of  insect 
populations is key to their sustainable management. However, the labor and expertise needed to identify insects, 
and the challenges of archiving the wealth of data collected in monitoring programs, often limit these efforts. We 
describe a pipeline to reduce the barriers associated with curating and mining big data of insect biodiversity. The 
pipeline, STARdbi, includes capturing flying insects with sticky traps, scanning the traps, storing the trap-images 
in a public database with a web-based interface, and applying machine learning models to extract information 
from the images. To illustrate the insights that can be gained from STARdbi, we describe two case studies. One of 
them involves monitoring of circadian activity patterns of grain pests and of their natural enemies, and the other

Zhuang, A., deWaard, J.R., Fryxell, J.M., 2022. Bulk arthropod abundance, biomass 
and diversity estimation using deep learning for computer vision. Methods Ecol. 
Evol. 13 (2), 346–357. https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.13769. 

Schneider, S., Taylor, G.W., Kremer, S.C., Fryxell, J.M., 2023. Getting the bugs out of AI: 
advancing ecological research on arthropods through computer vision. Ecol. Lett. 26, 
1247–1258. https://doi.org/10.1111/ele.14239. 

Teixeira, A.C., Ribeiro, J., Morais, R., Sousa, J.J., Cunha, A., 2023. A systematic review 
on automatic insect detection using deep learning. Agriculture 13, 713. https://doi. 
org/10.3390/agriculture13030713. 

Wang, Q.J., Zhang, S.Y., Dong, S.F., Zhang, G.C., Yang, J., Li, R., Wang, H.Q., 2020. 

Pest24: a large-scale very small object data set of agricultural pests for multi-target 
detection. Comput. Electron. Agric. 175, 105585 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
compag.2020.105585.

2.2. The Pipeline 

The STARdbi pipeline (Fig. 1A) includes: (a) sampling flying insects 
with sticky traps, and covering them with transparent acetate sheets; (b) 
high  resolution  scanning  of  the  traps  with  an  office  scanner;  (c) 
uploading the scanned images and their metadata (time of placement 
and removal, location, scanning resolution, etc.) to the STARdbi data-
base, using its web interface; and (d) automatic detection of insects in 
the images and storage of their position in the database. Once stored and 
processed, the images as well as bounding boxes around the detected 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025212T. Keasar et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 1. Scheme of the STARdbi pipeline (A), and major user operations (B).

A major aspect of any data driven project is data availability. Data- 
science thrives on data, and ecoinformatics is no exception. STARdbi’s 
vision of large-scale surveys of species and biodiversity assessment re-
quires that its raw and processed data be available to the entomological 
community and the general public. Typically, however, the generators 
of  data wish  to exhaust  the  publication  potential of  their data before 
making it publicly available. Further, governments, the major sponsors 
of most research, may restrict data sharing to protect political interests. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025218T. Keasar et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The method used for collecting raw data in the described deep learning pipeline is sampling flying insects with sticky traps. These traps are then covered with transparent acetate sheets. After this, high-resolution scanning of the traps is performed using an office scanner. The scanned images along with their metadata, such as time of placement and removal, location, and scanning resolution, are uploaded to the STARdbi database using its web interface. Automatic detection of insects in the images is carried out, and their positions are stored in the database. This process forms part of the STARdbi pipeline, which aims to facilitate large-scale surveys of species and biodiversity assessments by making both raw and processed data available to the entomological community and the general public.