Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

curator while using the app as a tool for post-dive debriefing. Combined, 
these two steps ensure that there is a specific checklist to cross out and 
that the interview is embedded in regular operations of the dive centre. 
Another aspect that could influence data quality is the possibility of 
misidentifying  species  that  are  less  known  to  the  citizen  scientists 
(Austen  et  al.,  2016;  Freiwald  et  al.,  2018).  This  is  especially  true 
because the app does not require submission of photographic evidence, 
which  could  be  validated  by  experts  (Kosmala  et  al.,  2016)  or  using 
machine learning (Saoud et  al., 2020). Once again, by relying on the 
dive guide to conduct the interview, there is some level of validation of 
the species sighted and reported, as they are often knowledgeable and 
experienced in local fauna and flora. This approach has also been used in 
previous studies as a safeguard for data quality (Branchini et al., 2015;

Matej Buzinkai: Conceptualisation, Writing – original draft, Writing 
–  review  &  editing,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis,  Visualisation,  Su-
pervision. Marko Radeta: Conceptualisation, Methodology, Software, 
Data curation,  Resources, Supervision.  Claudio  Rodrigues: Software, 
Data curation. Francisco Silva: Software, Data curation. Ruben Frei-
tas: Software, Data curation. Sahar Chebaane: Methodology, Investi-
gation,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Paola  Parretti:  Methodology, 
Investigation, Visualisation, Data curation, Writing – review & editing. 
Susanne  Sch¨afer:  Methodology,  Conceptualisation,  Investigation, 
Writing – review & editing. Rodrigo Silva: Methodology, Investigation. 
Francesca  Gizzi:  Methodology,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Silvia 
Almeida: Formal analysis, Resources. Sonia K.M. Gueroun: Method-
ology,  Investigation,  Visualisation,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Jo˜ao

To  better  accommodate  the  needs  of  dive  operators,  while  main-
taining  usability  for  research  and  management,  the  trial  included  a 
query for dive staff to detail how to enhance a future long-term moni-
toring program. Most of the received suggestions were already planned 
to be included in a full-scale monitoring program, although these were 
not yet part of the trial. Frequency maps, such as the one showcased in 
Fig. 1, would allow the dive centre to identify dive sites with the highest 
probability  of  encountering  specific  taxa  or  keep  statistics  about  the 
number of times these taxa have been observed throughout a year. This 
information would benefit the dive centres for marketing purposes, as 
recreational  SCUBA  divers  usually  prefer  areas  where  they  can  see 
charismatic species (Grafeld et al., 2016). The query also confirmed that 
a poster presence for each dive centre with the target taxa that are part

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information regarding the application of any data augmentation techniques in a deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on this context. However, common data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shearing. These methods help increase the size of training datasets and improve model performance.