Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Kovalev, V., Kalinovsky, A., Kovalev, S., 2016. Deep Learning with Theano, Torch, Caffe, 
Tensorflow, and deeplearning4j: Which One Is the Best in Speed and Accuracy?. 
Larsen, O., Christensen-Dalsgaard, J., Maxwell, A., Hansen, K., Wahlberg, M., 2017, June 
9. Cormorant audiograms under water and in air. Acoust. Soc. Am. J. 141 (5), 3667. 

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G., 2015. Deep learning. Nature 521 (7553), 436–444. 
Lodi, G., Aniello, L., Di Luna, G.A., Baldoni, R., 2014. An event-based platform for 

collaborative threats detection and monitoring. Inf. Syst. 39, 175–195. 

Lohr, B., Wright, T.F., Dooling, R.J., 2003, Apr. Detection and discrimination of natural 
calls in masking noise by birds: estimating the active space of a signal. Anim. Behav. 
65 (4), 763–777. Retrieved from.

39, 217–236. 

Elastic, 2012. Elastic Search. https://www.elastic.co/. Accessed: 2018-08-28.  
Elastic, 2016. Kibana. https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana. Accessed: 

2018-08-28.  

Fenno, L., Yizhar, O., Deisseroth, K., 2011. The development and application of 

optogenetics. Annu. Rev. Neurosci. 34. 

Filev, D., Georgieva, O., Angelov, P., Kasabov, N., 2010. An extended version of the 
Gustafson-Kessel algorithm for evolving data stream clustering. In: Evolving 
Intelligent Systems: Methodology and Applications, pp. 273–300. 

Goodwin, N.L., Nilsson, S.R., Golden, S.A., 2020. Rage against the machine: advancing 
the study of aggression ethology via machine learning. Psychopharmacology 1–20. 

Grosenick, L., Marshel, J.H., Deisseroth, K., 2015. Closed-loop and activity-guided 

optogenetic control. Neuron 86 (1), 106–139. 

Gstreamer, 2001. GStreamer. https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/. Accessed: 

2018-08-28.

Leveraging machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intel-
ligence for automated annotation and analysis especially requires high 
quality data (Egnor and Branson, 2016). Although automated annota-
tion is widely applied, it is mostly used offline which has the advantage 
that the researcher can assist the algorithms, fine tune parameters and 
oversee that classifications are correct. However, it also limits the op-
tions for data collection and closed loop experimentation. We instead 
propose  to  automatically  annotate  and  analyse  data  online  while  the

The tools and methods available for event-stream processing are not 
the focus of this paper but they are increasingly many. Most have been 
developed  for  e-commerce,  monitoring  of  financial  markets  and  IT 
system monitoring but could as well be applied in biology. AWS kinesis 
(Amazon, 2011) and Apache Kibana (Elastic, 2016) give access to state 
of the art machine learning methods for event-stream processing at a 
click  and  mature  querying  languages,  such  as  elasticsearch  (Elastic, 
2012) make advanced data mining available to a much broader group of 
users.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In evaluating the performance of deep learning models, several metrics are commonly used. These include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, and area under the curve (AUC).

Accuracy measures the proportion of true results among the total number of cases examined. It is calculated as the ratio of correctly predicted observations to the total observations.

Precision, also known as positive predictive value, is the fraction of relevant instances among the retrieved instances. It is calculated as the ratio of true positives to the sum of true positives and false positives.

Recall, also known as sensitivity or true positive rate, is the fraction of relevant instances that were retrieved. It is calculated as the ratio of true positives to the sum of true positives and false negatives.

The F1 score is the harmonic mean of precision and recall. Therefore, this score takes both false positives and false negatives into account. It is calculated as two times the product of precision and recall divided by the sum of precision and recall.

Area Under Curve (AUC) refers to the measure of the ability of a binary classification model to distinguish between positive and negative classes. It is calculated using the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve, which plots True Positive Rate (TPR) vs False Positive Rate (FPR) at different classification thresholds.

These metrics provide insights into how well a deep learning model performs on unseen data. They help researchers understand if their model is overfitting or underfitting the training data, and whether it generalizes well to new data.