Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

that are explicitly corrected by NN1 and NN2. This is interesting and 
strategic information prompting future research to continue along these 
lines and to optimise estimators which result in low bias and low rRMSE 
values  by  balancing  the  weights  of  sample  trees  with  those  of  their 
neighbours.

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

(Pommerening, 2023), as structural complexity is an important objec-
tive  of  this  type  of  forest  management.  Compared  to  variance,  the 
contribution of bias to the values of rRMSE is rather small. This is where 
the  NN3  and  NN4  estimators  can  help,  since  they  are  effective  in 
reducing the overall index variation. They have performed well with all 
diversity indices other than distance and the aggregation index. In this 
context, it is particularly interesting that the NN4 estimator, which is 
based  on  the  weights  of  both  sample  trees  and  of  the  neighbours  of 
sample trees, has performed best with most diversity indices other than 
distance  and  aggregation  index.  Given  the  general  aim  to  reduce  the 
index variance, this finding seems to suggest that the information pro-
vided by sample-tree neighbours complements that of the sample trees 
and is with most indices more important than spatial edge-bias concerns

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided text does not contain any explicit mention of specific optimization techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, there is a reference to optimizing estimators for reducing bias and root relative mean squared error (rRMSE) values while balancing the weights of sample trees with those of their neighbors. This suggests that some form of optimization technique may be employed in the process, but without further details, it cannot be confirmed if it involves traditional deep learning optimization methods like SGD or Adam.