Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

satellite image data) (Gomez et al., 2016; https://landsat.gsfc.nasa.gov). 
To improve accuracy and decrease processing time, several Machine 
Learning  (ML)  algorithms  have  been  tested  for  LULC  mapping  using

They employ supervised classification systems using training datasets to 
minimize  classification  errors  that  could  otherwise  be  caused  by  the 
internal structure of the algorithms (Bousquet et al., 2004; Hastie et al., 
2009). As a result, ML algorithms can be used to improve classification 
performance without needing to articulate the underlying mechanisms 
and assumptions of traditional statistical models (Clarke, 2013; Hastie 
et al., 2009). They can therefore, be trained using both balanced datasets 
(with the same amount or number of pixels sampled for each LULC) and 
imbalanced datasets (with different amount or number of pixels sampled 
for each LULC class) without major classification uncertainties. Here, we 
focus on four ML algorithms, kNN, SVM, ANN, and RF, which have been 
shown to be well suited to LULC classification and to outperform other 
algorithms such as MLC and DT (Khatami and Mountrakis, 2016; Noi

The  kNN,  SVM,  ANN,  and  RF  learning  approaches  have  proven 
successful in improving LULC classification performance (Khatami and 
Mountrakis, 2016, Noi and Kappas, 2017), but the application of these 
methods requires considerable image preprocessing (particularly with 
coarse  resolution  images)  in  order  to  reduce  uncertainties  in  LULC 
classifications. Furthermore, there has been limited application of these 
approaches to effective monitoring of changes in LULC within tropical 
forest areas across Africa, for which coarse resolution satellite images 
are  often  the  only  available  option.  Those  studies  that  do  exist  have 
generally relied on applying only a single method (Brink and Eva, 2008; 
Matlhodi et al., 2019; Midekisa et al., 2017; Zoungrana et al., 2015), 
which  can  increase  classification  uncertainties  relative  to  the  use  of 
multiple ML methods.

We used three steps for image classification: 1) the establishment of 
training  datasets,  2)  classification,  and  3)  accuracy  assessment.  In 
generating training datasets, we first identified eight LULC classes in our 
study area, including croplands, dense forest, grassland savanna, open 
savanna/barelands, built-up areas, water bodies, wetlands, and woody 
savanna  (see  Table  S2  for a  full  description  of  the  LULC  classes). We 
identified and selected these eight LULC classes to be consistent with the 
land  cover  types  used  by  Moderate  Resolution  Imaging  Spectroradi-
ometer  (MODIS)  Global  Land  Cover  products  for  the  years  2010  and 
2020. These MODIS data are generated by NASA, and mapped at a 500

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, the authors focus on using satellite image data for land use and land cover (LULC) mapping. Specifically, they mention using Landsat imagery from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. The data format used in their deep learning pipeline is primarily satellite image data. This type of data is typically stored in raster file formats like GeoTIFF or JPEG2000, which support georeferencing information necessary for spatial analysis. Other potential data formats mentioned include training datasets used for minimizing classification errors in machine learning algorithms. However, the specific format of these datasets is not explicitly stated in the given context.