Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Put Fig. 4 app here: Predicted RIO for Short-billed Gulls based on a 

machine learning ensemble. 

Put Fig. 5 app here: Time series data for a ‘presence site’ in Fairbanks 
during summer 2017 that is a raven hotspot for the ecological niche in 
winter. 

Put  Table  3  app  here:  Model  Diagnostics  importance  rank  of  pre-

dictors from machine learning model. 

Put Fig. 6 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

first top-ranked Predictor (soil type). 

Put Fig. 7 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

second top-ranked Predictor (vegetation class). 

Put Fig. 8 app here: Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of 

third top-ranked Predictor (distance to water). 

Put Fig. 9 app here: Model Diagnostics 3D Partial Dependence plot of 
top-ranked  continuous  predictor  (distance  to  water  vs  distance  to 
transfer site). 

3.3. Model assessment

Distance to Railway 

Vegetation name 

Soil type 
US Census 2000 (60 

attributes) 

Fairbanks Burrough GIS, 
ARCGIS 
Fairbanks Burrough GIS, 
ARCGIS 
Fairbanks Burrough GIS, 
ARCGIS 
Fairbanks Burrough GIS, 
ARCGIS 
Fairbanks Burrough GIS, 
ARCGIS 
Forest Layer Tanana Valley 
State Forest  
Alaska Clearing house  
Alaska US Census portal 

Value-added map 
product by FH 
Value-added map 
product by FH 
Value-added map 
product by FH 
Value-added map 
product by FH 
Value-added map 
product by FH 

See Table 2 for details  

2.3. Machine learning ensembles

Put Fig. 2 app here: a) 50 survey location data (black dots) for Short- 
billed Gulls (Larus canus) during May and June 2014 and 2015. b) 50 
survey location data (presence = purple dots, absence = green dots) for 
Short-billed Gulls (Larus canus) during May and June 2014 and 2015. 
These surveys are the model training data. 

Put Fig. 3: app here:a) U.S. Census blocks (in red) as well as 80 survey 
location  data  (black  dots;  presence/absence  surveys)  for  Short-billed 
Gulls (Larus canus) during May 2013. b) Presence (pink dots)/absence 
(green dots) for 80 survey location for Short-billed Gulls (Larus canus) 
during May 2013. These point data serve as the external model assess-
ment data. 

2.2. GIS data compilation and processing

2.3. Machine learning ensembles 

We  used  the  combined  2014–2015  Short-billed  Gull  presence/ 
absence data cube to train an ensemble of machine learning (ML) models 
in Salford Predictive Modeler (SPM) v8.3 (Formula 1). We used several 
established and leading ML algorithms (Hegel et al., 2010; Fern´andez- 
Delgado et al., 2014 for overview) and combined them in an averaged 
ensemble to obtain the best-possible prediction and overall synergy from 
each algorithm best as possible (sensu J. Friedman ‘many weak learners 
make for a strong learner’; Friedman, 2002, Hastie et al., 2009. See also 
Hardy et al., 2011, Fox et al., 2017 and Boulanger-Lapointe et al., 2022 
for applications). That approach will overcome stand-alone approaches 
such  as  linear  regression,  which  do  not  offer  unique  solutions,  e.g. 
Ascombe’s Quartet, and have difficulty to meet all required parametric 
assumptions (McArdle, 1988). The specific algorithms and their settings 
are described below.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
After the model training process using the ensemble of machine learning models in Salford Predictive Modeler (SPM), there are several postprocessing steps involved. These include:

1. Model Assessment: This involves evaluating the performance of the trained model using various metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, etc. In this case, the authors use external model assessment data consisting of 80 survey locations for Short-billed Gulls during May 2013 to evaluate the model's performance.

2. Model Diagnostics: This step involves analyzing the importance of different predictors in the model and visualizing their partial dependence plots. In this study, the authors provide three figures (Figures 6-8) showing the partial dependence plots of the first, second, and third top-ranked predictors, respectively. Additionally, they present a 3D partial dependence plot (Figure 9) of the top-ranked continuous predictor (distance to water vs distance to transfer site).

3. Visualization of Results: After the model has been evaluated and its diagnostics analyzed, it is important to visualize the results in a meaningful way. In this study, the authors present two figures (Figures 4 and 5) showing the predicted Relative Index of Occurrence (RIO) for Short-billed Gulls based on the machine learning ensemble and time series data for a 'presence site' in Fairbanks during summer 2017, respectively.

Overall, these postprocessing steps help to ensure that the model is performing well and producing accurate predictions. They also aid in understanding the factors influencing the occurrence of Short-billed Gulls in the study area.