Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the validation dataset and the model segmented 1195 objects.

ability to identify features in large amounts of data, including very high-resolution imagery, achieving
accuracy similar to human-level classiﬁcation accuracy, but in a consistent and fast way, enabling
rapid application over very large areas and/or through time [14]. For example, individual tree species
mapping in tropical forests, that was in the past only possible on small scale with traditional machine
learning methods [15,16] is now feasible on a large scale (>5000 km2) with a deep learning method
called U-net [17–20].

To be considered as a good candidate for species mapping inside tropical forests using deep
learning, the object (here the tree species or genus) needs to have three main characteristics.
First, it needs to have a unique morphologic and/or spectral signature of the leaves or crowns that
render it easily identiﬁable and that cannot be confused with other species in the very high resolution
images. Second, it needs to be abundant, thus enabling the collection of sufﬁcient manual samples in the
image to train the algorithm and also to be able to detect spatial patterns in the distribution. And third,
it needs to be an indicator species of some wider ecosystem property. While this latter characteristic is
not mandatory, if the species has distinctive ecological traits or behavior it is more suited to help us
understand forest characteristics based on its absence, presence, or abundance. These are the main

Keywords: U-net; Semantic segmentation; deep learning; species distribution, very high resolution
images

1. Introduction

Identifying ecological mechanisms that govern natural plant distribution and range is
a fundamental question of ecology [1]. The answers to this long-standing challenge are particularly

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2225; doi:10.3390/rs12142225

www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing

remote sensing  (cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:3)(cid:1)(cid:4)(cid:5)(cid:6)(cid:7)(cid:8)(cid:1)(cid:1)(cid:2)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:5)(cid:6)(cid:7)Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2225

2 of 20

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is semantic segmentation. This can be inferred from the use of the term "U-net," which is a popular convolutional neural network architecture used for semantic segmentation tasks. Additionally, the mention of identifying features in large amounts of data, such as individual tree species mapping in tropical forests, further supports the idea that the deep learning model is being used for semantic segmentation.

Semantic segmentation involves assigning each pixel in an image to a specific class label, allowing for detailed understanding and analysis of the scene. In this case, the deep learning model is likely being used to segment different tree species within very high-resolution images of tropical forests. By doing so, researchers can better understand the distribution and range of various plant species, contributing to our knowledge of ecological mechanisms governing these natural processes.