Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0) 3, 10

(cid:0) 4;  

The following configuration optimized the performance of the model 
and was accordingly adopted for analysis: Adam solver (Kingma and Ba, 
(cid:0) 4,  constant  learning 
2014),  10 neurons  per  hidden  layer, alpha  = 10
rate, and rectifier activation function, also called Rectified Linear Unit 
(ReLU) activation function, defined as: 

(

)

{

ReLU

k

=

k, if k > 0;
0, if k⩽0.

(14) 

In the case of the RF, the hyperparameters include the number of 
decision trees in the forest, the maximum depth of the decision tree, the 
number of features considered by each tree when splitting a node, etc. 
This  set  of  hyperparameters  was  tested  using  the  grid  configuration 
shown below:  

1.  Number of decision trees: from 100 to 1000 (in steps of 100);  
2.  Number of features to consider at every split (max features): auto,

sqrt, log2, None;  

3.  Maximum number of levels in decision tree: None, or from 10 to 100 

(in steps of 10);

The training of the network is usually done with a backpropagation 
algorithm,  which  is  divided  into  two  phases.  In  the  first  phase  (for-
warding),  controlled  inputs  are  applied  to  the  network,  pushing  the 
activation of the input layer neurons. The signal propagates to the next 
layers,  finally  reaching  the  output  neurons.  The  error  between  the 
desired  output  and  the  obtained  result  is  then  calculated  for  each 
neuron. In the  second phase  (backwarding), the  error value is  propa-
gated backward and the weights of each link are accordingly modified 
with an optimization method, which aims to minimize the output error. 
Finally, the network “model selection” is achieved by choosing a set of 
hyperparameters (i.e. number of hidden layers, number of neurons in 
each layer, learning rate, solver weight optimization, epoch scale, acti-
vation functions, etc.) which characterize the architecture of the MLP

Kelley, J., et al., 2019. Using neural networks to estimate site-specific crop 

evapotranspiration with low-cost sensors. Agronomy 9 (2), 108. 

Kingma, D.P., Ba, J., 2014. Adam: A method for stochastic optimization. arXiv preprint 

arXiv:1412.6980. 

Kottek, M., Grieser, J., Beck, C., Rudolf, B., Rubel, F., 2006. World map of the k¨oppen- 

geiger climate classification updated. Meteorol. Z. 15 (3), 259–263. 

Krishnashetty, P.H., Balasangameshwara, J., Sreeman, S., Desai, S., Kantharaju, A.B., 

2021. Cognitive computing models for estimation of reference evapotranspiration: A 
review. Cognit. Syst. Res. 70, 109–116. 

Kustas, W.P., Prueger, J.H., Humes, K.S., Starks, P.J., 1999. Estimation of surface heat

A  widely  used  feedforward  ANN  is  the  Multi-Layer  Perceptron 
(MLP), constituted by one input layer, one or more hidden layers, and a 
layer of output neurons. The neurons are connected to the ones of the 
next layer with a certain weight and, in each neuron, the weighted sum 
of input variables is transformed into an output value through an acti-
vation function, defined as: 

Y = ψ

( ∑

)
wi*xi + b

where wi is the weight, xi is the neuron input, b is the neuron bias, and ψ 
is the activation function.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model in this context. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware were utilized during the training process.