Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025802R.K. James et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 1. Workflow used to (a) select a deep learning model, (b) develop a ground-truth imagery dataset, (c) train the deep learning models, (d & e) evaluate model 
performance and (f & g) obtain the data and analyse it to quantify the spatial patterns and resilience of the ecosystem. 

2.3. Deep learning models 

2.3.1. Semantic segmentation for vegetation mapping

Data availability 

The deep learning and post-processing scripts along with the 2012 
aerial  imagery  and  data  output  used  in  this  study  can  be  found  at 
https://git.wur. 
nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring. 

Acknowledgments

3.1. Success of deep learning models 

The  semantic  segmentation  model  used  to  identify  the  substrate 
types  achieved  an  accuracy  of  92%.  The  precision  for  the  vegetation 
class was 0.90, for the bare class was 0.96, and for the ‘other’ class was 
0.50 when evaluating the model against the test dataset. The recall of 
the model (the number of instances in which the model correctly iden-
tified the pixels out of the total number of pixels in that class) reached 
0.97 for vegetation, 0.87 for bare substrate and the ‘other’ class reached 
a recall of 0.53.

Access  to  required  computing  resources  is  another  challenge. 
Training  deep  neural  networks  for  semantic  segmentation  and  object 
detection traditionally requires expensive computational resources with 
multiple high-end GPUs (e.g., available on high-performance computing 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10258010R.K. James et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper uses a semantic segmentation model for vegetation mapping. However, the specific type of deep learning model used, such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers, is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. Therefore, based on the information provided, I cannot determine the exact type of deep learning model used in the pipeline.