Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

hyperparameter optimisation process, the performance metrics detailed 
in Section 2.5 are meticulously evaluated using the designated test set. 
Subsequently, based on the performance metrics obtained, we discern 
and  select  the  most  effective  models  for  each  target  variable.  For  an 
illustrative overview of this model selection process, kindly refer to the 
visual representation provided in Fig. 4.

The dataset is then divided into training sets, which comprise 80% of 
the  data,  and  a  test  set  representing  the  remaining  20%,  in  order  to 
maximise model training while maintaining a sufficient amount of data 
for robust model validation (Adjuik and Davis, 2022; Fern´andez-L´opez 
et al., 2020). This division is done by random sampling to ensure that 
both subsets are representative of the overall dataset and minimise the 
risk  of  bias.  Randomisation  helps  to  preserve  the  distribution  of  key 
features  and  target  variables  across  both  training  and  test  sets, 
enhancing the generalisability of the model. We leverage the scikit-learn 
function GridSearchCV to meticulously fine-tune the hyperparameters of 
each model within the confines of the training set, aiming to enhance 
their predictive performance. A five-fold cross-validation is used and the 
negative mean square error is set as the target measure. Following this

EN 

KNN 
GP 

TREE 

RF 

XGB 

SVR 

MLP 

alpha 
l1_ratio 
neighbours 
weights 
p 
alpha 
max_depth 
min_samples_split 
min_samples_leaf 
max_features 
n_estimators 
max_depth 
min_samples_split 
min_samples_leaf 
max_features 
n_estimators 
learning_rate 
max_depth 
subsample 
colsample_bytree 
reg_alpha 
gamma 
min_child_weight 
C 
gamma 
epsilon 
hidden_layer_sizes 
activation 
alpha 
learning_rate 
max_iter 

* BP denotes Best Parameter. 

(cid:0) 1] 

(cid:0) 5, 10

(cid:0) 2, 10

Variable  Model  MAE 

MSE 

RMSE  MAPE 

MASE 

Table 4 includes details such as the name of the prediction model, its 
hyperparameters,  the  parameters  selected  during  the  5-fold  cross- 
validation,  and  the  hyperparameters  adjusted  according  to  the  selec-
tion  criteria  to  determine  the  most  appropriate  configuration  for  the 
prediction model. 

3.2. Performance evaluation of H, LE and CO2  prediction models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves dividing the dataset into training sets, which comprise 80% of the data, and a test set representing the remaining 20%. This division is done by random sampling to ensure that both subsets are representative of the overall dataset and minimize the risk of bias. Randomization helps to preserve the distribution of key features and target variables across both training and test sets, enhancing the generalizability of the model. The performance metrics detailed in Section 2.5 are meticulously evaluated using the designated test set. Subsequently, based on the performance metrics obtained, the most effective models for each target variable are discerned and selected. The scikit-learn function GridSearchCV is leveraged to fine-tune the hyperparameters of each model within the confines of the training set, aiming to enhance their predictive performance. A five-fold cross-validation is used and the negative mean square error is set as the target measure.