Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 2. Convolutional block attention module.  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024014P. Liu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Fig. 4. SAM module.  

Fig. 3. CAM module.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

YWnet: A convolutional block attention-based fusion deep learning method 
for complex underwater small target detection 

Pingzhu Liu a, Wenbin Qian a, b,*, Yinglong Wang a 
a School of Computer and Information Engineering, Jiangxi Agricultural University, Nanchang 330045, China 
b School of Software, Jiangxi Agricultural University, Nanchang 330045, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Underwater target detection 
Deep learning 
Feature fusion 
Attention mechanism

To extract the input information, the SRC3 block employs a parallel 
analysis  of  the  input  feature  map  using  two  convolution  kernels.  In 
contrast to the C3 block, the SRC3 block incorporates two convolution 
kernels prior to the input of the bottleneck block. One of the kernels is 
responsible  for  halving  the  dimension  of  the  feature  map,  while  the 
other  maintains  the  dimension  unchanged.  This  approach  allows  for 
more  comprehensive  processing  of  the  input  features,  enabling  the 
model  to  capture  both  high-level  semantic  information  and  preserve 
relevant details during the feature extraction process. The convolution 
kernel size utilized is 3 × 3, which leads to a broader receptive field of 
information and richer characteristics compared to the 1 × 1 convolu-
tion kernel. The output semantic information can be augmented by the 
action of two convolution kernels. The information output from the first

specific steps are outlined: 

Step 1: Select appropriate water downloading gear and sensors for 
data collection. Pre-processing of the acquired data, such as denoising, 
image enhancement, and correction. In order to train and evaluate un-
derwater target detection models, the dataset needs to be labeled. Then 
separate underwater images collected from the underwater environment 
into training and test images. 

Step 2: Prepare hardware servers capable of training deep learning 
models to deploy the YWnet network. This allows learning weights to 
recognize  underwater  organisms.  Tune  the  hyperparameters  of  the 
model such as learning rate, batch size and network depth to achieve the 
best performance of the model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide any information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether the code repository is available on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket based solely on this paper.