Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 1. Importance of selected factors measured by Z 
score (blue boxes) explaining the number of views in 
each  video  by  using  a  wrapper  feature  selection  al-
gorithm working with random forest analysis. Factors 
that  have  a  significantly  higher  Z  score  than  the 
maximum  Z  score  among  shadow  factors  (shad-
owMax; indicated by a red box) were determined as 
important. Objects and text are categories of thumb-
nail  information  (with  a  value  of  0  or  1  in  each 
category).  Number  of  uploaded  videos,  length,  and 
days are; number of uploaded videos in each channel, 
length  (seconds)  of  each  video,  and  number  of  days 
since  uploading,  respectively.  (For  interpretation  of 
the references to color in this figure legend, the reader 
is referred to the web version of this article.)

2.2. Data extraction of videos displaying wild birds

On the official YouTube platform, we entered the keyword in Japa-
nese  “Yacho”  (wild  birds)  on  15  June  2022  and  sorted  the  videos 
uploaded from the start of the YouTube service to the present day (at the 
time) in the order of the number of views. We attempted to set other 
keywords, including “Tori” (birds) and “bird watching” (this word was 
entered in Japanese Katakana script), but we could not efficiently search 
the videos displaying birds from these keywords (Table S1). The videos 
returned from those keywords did not display wild birds but rather pet 
birds, such as parakeets, those displayed in music videos, and those that 
focused on bird-watching equipment, such as cameras and binoculars. 
Therefore,  we  decided  to  use  the  keyword  “Yacho”  and  extracted  the 
videos that had been viewed >100 times as of 15 June 2022 (n = 449). 
There were too many videos that had been viewed <100 times to extract

from online shared videos that contain a wide range of species richness 
(from 1 to 106 wild bird species in the videos used in this study).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide explicit details about the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, based on common practices in machine learning and deep learning, it can be inferred that the dataset might have been divided randomly into three subsets: training, testing, and validation. Typically, around 70-80% of the data is allocated for training, while the remaining 20-30% is further divided between testing and validation, often equally. This division allows the model to learn patterns from the majority of the data during training, while the testing and validation datasets help evaluate its performance and prevent overfitting. In this case, since the research focuses on analyzing the importance of various factors contributing to the popularity of wild bird videos on YouTube, the dataset likely consists of features like objects, text, number of uploaded videos, length, and days since uploading. These features would then be used to train, validate, and test the deep learning models employed in the study.