Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To re-identify the candidate regions, we inputted outputs from the 
YOLOv4  into  the  EfficientNet.  As  mentioned  above,  there  were  eight 
types of the EfficientNet. Starting from the baseline EfficientNet-B0, the 
baseline network was scaled up from EfficientNet-B1 to B7 based on the

capacity  over  various  benchmark  datasets  by  adopting  a  compound 
scaling method that enlarges the network depth, width, and resolution. 
In  addition,  we  proposed  a  data  augmentation  method  to  train  the 
two-stage CNNs as a generally applicable model under various camera or 
field conditions. 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study species and site

To train the EfficientNet, we prepared 4000 images for each category 
using the data augmentation method proposed above. We used 80% of 
the 4000 images for training and the remaining 20% for validation. The 
EfficientNet was trained by the Adagrad in 100 epochs. The dropout rate 
for each task was set at 0.5. The batch size was set at 20. 

All evaluations were performed on the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080Ti 
GPU with 11G memory, and the software was Windows 10, Python 3.7, 
CUDA 10.2. Keras 2.4.3 were used to build all models. 

To compare model results with the test video, we used IoU as the 
threshold  for  positives  or  negatives  based  on  the  object  confidence 
scores estimated by the object detector. IoU was defined as the inter-
section  over  the  union  of  the  two  bounding  boxes,  which  were  the 
ground-truth  bounding  box  and  the  predicted  bounding  box.  In  this 
paper, we set the threshold of IoU at 0.3 to consider correct or incorrect 
detection results.

Tan, M., Le, Q., 2019. EfficientNet: rethinking model scaling for convolutional neural 
networks. In: Chaudhuri, K., Salakhutdinov, R. (Eds.), Proceedings of the 36th 
International Conference on Machine Learning. PMLR, pp. 6105–6114. 

Tresson, P., Carval, D., Tixier, P., Puech, W., 2021. Hierarchical classification of very 
small objects: application to the detection of arthropod species. IEEE Access 9, 
63925–63932. 

Tresson, P., Tixier, P., Puech, W., Bagny Beilhe, L., Roudine, S., Pages, C., Carval, D., 

2019. CORIGAN: assessing multiple species and interactions within images. Methods 
Ecol. Evol. 10, 1888–1893. 

Valan, M., Makonyi, K., Maki, A., Vondr´aˇcek, D., Ronquist, F., 2019. Automated 

taxonomic identification of insects with expert-level accuracy using effective feature 
transfer from convolutional networks. Syst. Biol. 68, 876–895. 

Van Etten, A., 2018. You only look twice: rapid multi-scale object detection in satellite

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not provide details about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It discusses the use of YOLOv4 and EfficientNet for re-identifying candidate regions and mentions the use of data augmentation techniques. However, it does not specify any specific data repository such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.