Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Here,  we  demonstrate  and  evaluate  a  text  classification  pipeline, 
designed to address both the issue of imbalanced datasets and the need 
for large training datasets, using an example data collection scenario. 
Importantly,  we  use  a  hierarchical  classification  approach,  whereby 
data are passed through a series of classifiers with increasingly specific

fying the exploitation or sale of a particular taxa, for which there may 
not be existing proxy datasets. Alternatively, researchers can annotate a 
randomly  selected  sample  of  collected  data,  according  to  their  own 
relevancy  criteria.  However,  this  approach  is  less  suitable  for  cases 
where relevant examples make up a small proportion of the collected 
data,  as  imbalanced  training  data  can  lead  to  poor  classification  per-
formance (Schr¨oder et al., 2021).

ventional  ‘flat’  classification  has  been  previously  demonstrated  as  a 
useful  tool  for  filtering  standardised  datasets,  such  as  academic  ab-
stracts,  data  collection  from  online  platforms  often  generates  large 
volumes of highly variable textual data which, as demonstrated by our 
study,  can  necessitate  using  a  hierarchical  classification  approach. 
Although we focused on collecting social media posts and web articles, 
the models and pipeline developed in this study can be applied to other 
forms of textual data, such as listings from E-commerce platforms.

Beltagy, I., Lo, K., Cohan, A., 2019. SciBERT: a pretrained language model for scientific 
text. In: Proceedings of the 2019 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural 
Language Processing and the 9th International Joint Conference on Natural 
Language Processing (EMNLP-IJCNLP), pp. 3615–3620. 

Benıtez-L´opez, A., Santini, L., Schipper, A.M., Busana, M., Huijbregts, M.A., 2019. Intact 
but empty forests? Patterns of hunting-induced mammal defaunation in the tropics. 
PLoS Biol. 17 (5), e3000247. 

Blasi, D., Anastasopoulos, A., Neubig, G., 2022. Systematic inequalities in language 
technology performance across the world’s languages. In: Proceedings of the 60th 
Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers), 
pp. 5486–5505. https://doi.org/10.18653/v1/2022.acl-long.376. 

Bojanowski, P., Grave, E., Joulin, A., Mikolov, T., 2017. Enriching word vectors with 

subword information. Trans. Assoc. Comput. Linguist. 5, 135–146.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any explicit information about the availability of the deep learning pipeline's data repository. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available based solely on the provided context.