Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Deep  learning  is  a  relatively  recent  development  in  ML.  Its 
main tool, the deep neural network (DNN), builds upon Artificial 
Neural Networks (ANNs) which were already conceived in the 
middle of the last century. Essentially, “deep learning” refers to a 
set of techniques that allow the training of larger (more neurons) 
and  deeper  (more  layers)  ANNs  (Nielsen,  2015).  These  high 
capacity  networks  became  possible  due  to  the  development  of 
improved  algorithms  for  optimizing  connection  weights  [e.g., 
stochastic  gradient  descent  (Rumelhart  et  al.,  1986)]  and  a 
steep  increase  in  available  computing  power  and  training  data 
(Goodfellow et al., 2016). While these improvements may seem 
only gradual, current DNNs not only outperform their simpler 
ANN  ancestors,  but  frequently  also  perform  better  than  other 
ML approaches in standardized tests of prediction accuracy (e.g.,

In the training phase of a DNN the connection weights (w in 
Figure 1) between neurons are iteratively updated by a training 
algorithm  to  minimize  the  prediction  error  over  the  training 
data  set  (see  Supplementary  Material  S2  for  more  details). 
In  order  to  gauge  the  accuracy  of  predictions  for  new  input 
data  (i.e.,  data  not  used  during  training),  the  available  data  is 
frequently split into a training data set (used for training), and 
a test data set. The details of the network architecture, such as 
the  size  of  the  network,  the  selection  of  specific  layer  types, 
and parameters of the training process strongly determine the 
prediction  accuracy  of  the  network  and  are  usually  problem 
specific. More information on deep learning is available in e.g., 
Angermueller  et  al.  (  2016),  LeCun  et  al.  (2015)  and  Nielsen 
(2015).  Moreover,  the  Supplementary  Material  S2  provides  a

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

Ioffe, S. and Szegedy, C. (2015). Batch Normalization: accelerating deep network 
training  by  reducing  internal  covariate  shift.  arXiv1502.03167,  1–11.  doi: 
10.1007/s13398-014-0173-7.2

Luo, Y., Ogle, K., Tucker, C., Fei, S., Gao, C., LaDeau, S., et al. (2011). Ecological 
forecasting and data assimilation in a data-rich era. Ecol. Appl. 21, 1429–1442. 
doi: 10.1890/09-1275.1

Marçais, J., and de Dreuzy, J.-R. (2017). Prospective Interest of Deep Learning for 
Hydrological Inference. Groundwater 55, 688–692. doi: 10.1111/gwat.12557
Matthews,  B.,  Netherer,  S.,  Katzensteiner,  K.,  Pennerstorfer,  J.,  Blackwell,  E., 
Henschke,  P.,  et  al.  (2018).  Transpiration  deficits  increase  host  susceptibility 
to  bark  beetle  attack:  experimental  observations  and  practical  outcomes  for 
Ips  typographus  hazard  assessment.  Agric.  For.  Meteorol.  263,  69–89.  doi: 
10.1016/j.agrformet.2018.08.004

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general knowledge, some common data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, padding, and adding noise. Data augmentation is often used to improve model performance and prevent overfitting by increasing the amount of training data. It involves creating modified versions of existing images or datasets through various transformations. Flipping can involve horizontal or vertical flips, while rotation involves rotating the image by a certain degree. Scaling changes the size of the image, either enlarging or shrinking it. Cropping removes parts of the image, while padding adds extra pixels around the edges. Adding noise introduces random variations to the image. These techniques help the model learn to recognize different orientations, sizes, and distortions of objects, improving its ability to generalize to new data.