Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

0.93

0.87

0.88

0.28

0.32

0.32

0.34

0.22

0.23

T A B L E   4  The	results	of	two-		and	
three-	state	hidden	Markov	models.	PPV	is	
the	positive	predicted	value,	and	NPV	is	
the	negative	predicted	value

Under	both	cross-	validation	methods,	the	strongest	models	in	all	

promising	application	of	deep	learning	methods	for	analysing	animal	

species	 used	 various	 combinations	 of	 the	 variables,	 from	 coverage	

movement	datasets.

alone	to	all	four.	This	flexibility	allows	for	the	use	of	these	models	in	

The	computational	power	requirements	and	perceived	complexity	

a	wider	range	of	tracking	studies	as	the	data	obtained	can	vary.	For	

of	constructing	deep	learning	networks	may	have	hindered	their	use	in	

instance,	the	sampling	rate	of	the	logger	may	be	unknown	making	the	

previous	studies;	Valletta	et	al.	(2017)	in	their	review	highlight	the	po-

use	of	coverage	not	possible.	Models	using	coverage,	altitude	or	only

Received:	30	June	2017  |  Accepted:	13	October	2017
DOI:	10.1111/2041-210X.12926

R E S E A R C H   A R T I C L E

Predicting animal behaviour using deep learning: GPS data 
alone accurately predict diving in seabirds

Ella Browning1,2  | Mark Bolton3 | Ellie Owen4 | Akiko Shoji5 | Tim Guilford5 |  
Robin Freeman2

1Centre	for	Biodiversity	and	Environment	
Research,	University	College	London,	London,	
UK

2Institute	of	Zoology,	Zoological	Society	of	
London,	London,	UK

3RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Sandy,	Bedfordshire,	UK

4RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Inverness,	UK

5Department	of	Zoology,	Oxford	University,	
Oxford,	UK

Correspondence
Ella	Browning
Email:	ella.browning.14@ucl.ac.uk 
and
Robin Freeman
Email:	robin.freeman@ioz.ac.uk

Funding information
Natural	Environment	Research	Council,	Grant/
Award	Number:	NE/L002485/1

Abstract

1.	 To	 prevent	 further	 global	 declines	 in	 biodiversity,	 identifying	 and	 understanding	 key

each	species.	The	models	were	then	used	to	predict	the	diving	loca-

tions	of	birds	monitored	with	only	GPS	devices.

2.4 | Alternative prediction methods

To	 compare	 predictions	 obtained	 from	 deep	 learning	 models	 with	

methods	 used	 in	 previous	 studies	 classifying	 foraging	 behaviour	 in	

seabirds	HMMs,	a	naïve	Bayes	classifier	and	speed	and	tortuosity	pre-

dictions	were	implemented	on	the	data	(see	Appendix	S8,	supporting	

information	for	details	of	the	latter).	The	Naïve	Bayes	classification,	a	

supervised	 learning	 method,	 was	 implemented	 in	 r	 using	 the	 e1071	

package	 (Meyer,	 Dimitriadou,	 Hornik,	 Weingessel,	 &	 Leisch,	 2015).	

The	inputs	were	the	same	as	used	in	the	H2O	model,	and	the	depend-

ent	 variable	 (variable	 to	 be	 predicted)	 was	 the	 binary	 dive/not	 dive	

column.

HMMs	 are	 an	 unsupervised	 learning	 method	 that	 identifies	 dis-

crete	 states	within	 time-	series	 data	 and	 have	 been	 used	 extensively

were	 predicted	 well,	 with	 most	 specificity	values	 between	 0.85	 and	

0.96.	The	sensitivity	was	highest	for	guillemots	and	shags	using	alti-

tude	and	coverage	at	0.40.	However,	for	razorbills,	all	variable	combi-

nations	resulted	in	sensitivity	values	of	0.70	and	0.90.

4 |  DISCUSSI ON

Using	the	combined	information	from	GPS	and	TDR	devices,	we	were	

able	to	train	deep	neural	networks	to	predict	the	diving	behaviour	of	

shags,	 guillemots	 and	 razorbills.	 The	 predictions	 are	 strong	 and	 well	

validated	 with	 known	 dive	 locations	 collected	 by	 TDR	 loggers.	 Our	

results	 show	 that	 we	 can	 correctly	 automatically	 predict	 non-	diving	

events	over	92%	of	the	time	and	diving	events	over	80%	of	the	time	

in	shags,	guillemots	and	razorbills.	The	use	of	Xbar,	Ybar,	altitude	and	

coverage	to	predict	diving	shows	how	GPS	data	can	be	used	to	moni-

tor	foraging	successfully.	Furthermore,	both	using	10-	fold	and	leave-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention or reference to a publicly accessible code repository containing the deep learning pipeline used in this study within the given context. Therefore, it would not be possible to provide accurate information regarding its availability on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket based solely on the provided text snippets.