Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

and TensorFlow 2.5.0 (https://www.tensorflow.org) libraries, and all

statistical analyses were conducted with R 4.1.0 (R Core Team, 2021).

Between-datasets classification

For the between-dataset prediction, the CNN model was trained with

RE SU LT S

a source dataset to predict images from a different target dataset. The

NN was trained with N images randomly selected from the source

Performance of within-dataset classification

dataset, which was then used to predict all images of the target data-
set and AccT and ΔAcc were measured. We ran the above procedures
for three source–target pairs (training dataset!predicted dataset),
GH!LH, GH!LL and LL!LH. These settings simulate two alternative
scenarios: (i) a global image database is used to predict local samples
(GH!LH and GH!LL) and (ii) conventional

images, as

those

Effects of datasets and the number of images

The accuracy of within-dataset classification and the effect of the

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y. & Hinton, G. (2015) Deep learning. Nature, 521(7553),
436–444. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1038/nature14539
Mukhoti, J., Kulharia, V., Sanyal, A., Golodetz, S., Torr, P.H.S. & Dokania, P.
K. (2020) Calibrating deep neural networks using focal loss. Advances
in Neural Information Processing Systems, 33, 15288–15299. Available
from:
https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/hash/aeb7b30ef
1d024a76f21a1d40e30c302-Abstract.html

Noguerales, V., Meramveliotakis, E., Castro-Insua, A., Andújar, C.,
Arribas, P., Creedy, T.J. et al.
(2021) Community metabarcoding
reveals the relative role of environmental filtering and spatial pro-
cesses in metacommunity dynamics of soil microarthropods across a
mosaic of montane forests. Molecular Ecology in press. Available
from: https://doi.org/10.1111/mec.16275

representing single-specimen photographs by local taxonomists, are
used to predict local high-resolution images (LL!LH).

Between-datasets classification with domain adversarial
training

In addition to the standard CNN setups described above, we employed

large reduction of accuracy, hence difficulty in transfer.

the domain adversarial training of neural networks (DANN, Ganin

Divergence between the source and target datasets was mea-

et al., 2016) which incorporates a certain portion of the unknown tar-

sured with a dataset classification error. A linear support vector

gets in the model. The DANN model jointly predicts the class (family

machine (SVM) was trained to classify images to the source or target

label) of the source images and the dataset (domain) of all input images

dataset with the features of 200 randomly selected images from both

(as in the previous section) by adding layers for the dataset classifica-

Local low quality (LL) dataset

of 0.6. The neural network was trained with the stochastic gradient

descent algorithm with the softmax cross-entropy loss for 300 epochs.

We used a batch size of 10 and a fixed learning rate of 0.01, and the

convergence of loss was visually assessed. The numbers of units in the

A subset of single specimens (taken from the bulk samples) were indi-

two FC layers (512 and 256 for the first and second FC layers, respec-

vidually photographed using a conventional stereoscope NIKON

tively) and the dropout rate were determined by five-fold cross-

SMZ1270i equipped with a NIKON DS-Fi3 Microscope Camera (5.9

megapixels) controlled by the NIKON DS-L4 v.1.5.0.3 control unit.

These images were denoted Local Low Quality (LL) dataset. These pho-
tographs were intended to represent a more realistic scenario of local

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be possible that the authors did not provide this information in the text snippets shared here. Therefore, I cannot determine the specific data repository such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF, etc. Please refer to the original research paper or contact the corresponding author for accurate information regarding the data repository.