Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3. Network architecture 

The architecture used was a heavily modified version of that used in 
“Unsupervised Deep Learning with Pytorch” by github user “eelxpeng” 
(eelxpeng, 2018). As the size of our audio spectrograms has been con-
strained to 128 × 128 pixel RGB images with values repeated in each 
color channel to produce a greyscale image. For this initial experiment 
testing  the feasibility of using an auto-encoder-generated feature rep-
resentation for ecoacoustic analysis, we chose a basic auto-encoder ar-
chitecture  to  minimise  the  complications  that  may  be  introduced  by 
more advanced architectures. A rectified linear unit (ReLU) based acti-
vation function was be used, to help mitigate the vanishing/exploding 
gradient  problem  (Xu  et  al.,  2015).  Networks  using  implicit  pooling 
(determined using pytorch) and explicit max-pooling were used.

3. Method 

3.1. Dataset

has been highly annotated and used in previous studies. The extensive 
annotation of the dataset allowed the feature representation produced 
by the auto-encoder to be easily evaluated and to be trained on a higher

The autoencoder based on explicit max-pooling consists of a 128x128x3 
input layer, and 4 convolutional layers using 3 × 3 pixel kernels, stride 
of 1 pixels and zero padding of 1 pixel on each but the first layer, and 4 
max-pooling layers using 4 × 4 pixel kernels, stride of 2 pixels and zero 
padding of 1 pixel. The encoder’s output is then flattened to produce a 
384x1x1  feature  vector.  The  decoder  network  accepts  the  384x1x1 
feature vector produced by the encoder network as its input, and consists 
of 4 convolutional layers with a 3 × 3 kernel, stride of 1 pixel and zero 
padding of 1 pixel on each layer except the last, and 4 max-unpooling 
layers using 4 × 4 pixel kernels, stride of 2 pixels and zero padding of 
1 pixel, which produces a 128x128x3 output.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, there is no information about any specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it cannot be determined what data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, or scaling have been used in this case.