Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

TABLE 3. Classification performance of different methods using single
CNN-based model. Here, Mel-CNN, Harm-CNN, and Perc-CNN denote that
the input to those CNNs are Mel-spectrogram, harmonic-component
based spectrogram, and percussive-component based spectrogram.
Subnet-CNN denotes that a SubSpectralNet architecture is used with the
Mel-spectrogram as the input.

For addressing multi-variate varying length acoustic data,
repeating signals achieves higher accuracy (91.2%) than
resizing spectrograms (88.5%). One reason might be that
resizing audio images will lead to the loss of some acoustic
patterns. Therefore, the combination of 40 mel-bin spec-
trogram and repeating signals is selected by balancing the
performance and the efﬁciency.

In the work of [30], a triplet sampling was used for gen-
erating the triplet spectrograms as the input to CNNs: full
spectrogram, harmonic-component based spectrogram, and
percussive-component spectrogram. Then, a dynamic triplet
loss was used for the classiﬁcation using multi-scale analysis
module.

trogram. In addition to different TFRs, a different deep learning architecture, SubSpectralNet, is employed
to classify bird sounds. Experimental results on classifying 43 bird species show that fusing selected deep
learning models can effectively increase the classiﬁcation performance. Our best fused model can achieve a
balanced accuracy of 86.31% and a weighted F1-score of 93.31%.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of audio files in the CLO-43DS dataset, which could potentially come from various sources such as recordings made through microphones or other sound capturing devices, publicly available datasets, or even synthetically generated audio. It also discusses the use of Mel-spectrograms, harmonic-component based spectrograms, and percussive-component based spectrograms as inputs to CNNs, but it doesn't specify how these were obtained from the raw audio data.