Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 1. Workflow of the proposed work  

proposed for the classification of environmental microorganisms utiliz-
ing  the  capability  of  CNN  and  MLP  modules.  The  proposed  model  is 
tested on a publicly available dataset of environmental microorganism 
EMDS-6 combining 21 categories of microorganisms using microscopic 
images. Fig. 1. defines the workflow of the proposed framework. 

a separable convolutional parameter-sharing attention block allows the 
model to capture more local and global attention features which enables 
the model to classify different environmental microbes efficiently and 
reduce the complexity. 

a) Environmental  microorganism  images  are  collected  from  the  pub-
licly  available  dataset  EMDS-6  and  divided  into  three  sets  and  a 
training set is used for the training of EMViT-Net.

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

In this work, a transformer-based network is constructed for the end- 
to-end classification of EMs. Although it has been noticed that ViT itself 
cannot  perform  better  classification  for  categorizing  environmental 
microbes, the combination of ViT with self- attention module and CNN 
achieved the best classification results. The performance of the proposed 
EMViT-Net and different deep-learning models is graphically presented 
in Fig. 8 which presents the validation and test accuracy on unseen data. 
The experimental results demonstrate that the performance ranking of 
all considered deep learning models remains unchanged on the valida-
tion  set  and  test  set.  The  accuracy  ranking  of  the  proposed  network 
EMViT-Net  is  still  first  which  states  that  the  proposed  model  is  more

3.1. Dataset description 

A detailed description of the collected dataset is given in this section. 
A publicly available dataset of environmental microorganisms EMDS-6 
is  used  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  architecture.  The 
considered  dataset  consists  of  840  different  images  of  environmental 
microorganisms having 21 categories consisting of 40 images for each 

Operating system 
Processor 
RAM 
Programming language 
Development environment 
Input dataset 
Input dimensions 
Batch size 
Loss 
Activation function 
Learning rate 
Epochs 
Optimizer 

MAC OS 
Apple M1- Chip 
8 GB 
Python 3.6.5 
TensorFlow 2.2.0, Keras 2.4.0 
EMDS-6 
224 × 224 
32 
Categorical Cross Entropy 
GELU 
0.002 
100 
AdamW

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided information, there isn't any explicit mention or reference to a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the exact link to the deep learning pipeline's data repository. However, the mentioned dataset, EMDS-6, is stated to be publicly available, but no direct link was provided either. It would be helpful if additional resources or references were included to find the required links.