Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

All analyses were performed using Python 3.8.5 and corresponding 
packages.  A  list  of  packages  and  their  versions,  python  code  for  our 
analyses as well as a demo dataset with functions and documentation to 
apply FCM-based complex networks for any kind of power spectra from 
the urban AE is provided on GitHub (https://github.com/THaselhoff/Co 
mplex-networks-for-analyzing-the-urban-acoustic-environment). 

4. Results 

4.1. Diel cycle of average shortest path length

two examples for the LUTs “Main Street” and “Urban Forest”, depicting 
every step from the FCM, to thresholding, to the adjacency matrix and its 
respective network representation.

the  analysis  of  observational  complex  networks  can  inform  novel  ap-
proaches for model representations (e.g. stochastic block models (Fas-
kowitz  et  al.,  2018)).  A  special  feature  of  this  work  is  that  we  have 
concentrated on diel cycles, but concerning the possibility that FCMs can 
be  formed  for  any  recording  groups,  other  time  scales  also  become 
feasible. For instance, networks for days, weeks or months can be build 
or  we  could  even  analyze  networks  within  single  recordings.  Finally, 
evolving networks could reveal transitions in the dynamics of the urban 
AE (Belykh et al., 2014).

In this work, we showed how to construct complex networks based 
on  FCMs  and  emphasized  the  importance  of  defining  the  correlation 
threshold. We used ASPL as quantification of the networks properties, 
measuring the number of connections (i.e. number of highly correlated 
frequency bands) and the topology of those connections (i.e. if highly 
correlated frequency bins form distinct communities), creating a metric 
of so-called “acoustic dominance”. Although the exact mechanisms of 
how  specific  sound  sources  shape  the  urban  AE  remain  unsolved,  we 
found substantial similarities in the diel cycle as well as LUMs between 
sites  of  similar  LUM.  Since  this  study  is  the  first  of  its  kind  and  sub-
stantial contributions to the description of the acoustic environment are 
already  evident  here,  future  analyses  using  complex  networks  should 
open up an interesting new branch of research. Thus, the application of a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about which framework was used to build the deep learning model. However, it mentions that all analyses were performed using Python 3.8.5 and corresponding packages. Therefore, it can be assumed that one of the popular deep learning libraries compatible with Python such as TensorFlow or PyTorch might have been used, but without explicit mention, it cannot be confirmed.