Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine learning methods: Modeling net growth in the Atlantic Forest 
of Brazil

Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 45, 5–32. https://doi.org/10.1023/A: 

1010933404324. 

Bullock, J.M., Aronson, J., Newton, A.C., Pywell, R.F., Rey-Benayas, J.M., 2011. 

Restoration of ecosystem services and biodiversity: conflicts and opportunities. 
Trends Ecol. Evol. 26, 541–549. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tree.2011.06.011. 
Bulut, S., Günlü, A., S¸ atır, O., 2023. Estimating net primary productivity of semi-arid

Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) are computational models inspired 
by the structure and functioning of the human brain. The neural network 
is composed of multiple layers of neurons that carry out linear combi-
nations of the input values from the preceding layer. Then, a non-linear 
activation function is applied. The trainable parameters of the network 
are the weights associated with the linear combinations performed by 
each  individual  neuron  (Domingues  et  al.,  2020;  Kantarcioglu  et  al., 
2023). 

Random Forests (RF) is an ensemble learning method that combines 
multiple decision trees to make predictions. Each tree is trained on a 
random  subset  of  the  data,  and  the  final  prediction  is  determined  by 
aggregating the predictions of all trees. Random Forest releases robust 
results  even  when  the  number  of  observations  is  smaller  than  the 
number  of  variables  or  the  variables  are  correlated  (Breiman,  2001; 
Nguyen et al., 2019).

The objective of this study was to develop machine learning models 
capable of estimating the net growth in Atlantic Forest fragments based 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025643S.J.S.S. Rocha et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

on forest attributes, land use history, landscape, soil and climatic char-
acteristics. The questions we sought to answer were: (i) What are the 
most important variables to estimate net growth in these forests? (ii) Are 
the evaluated machine learning methods efficient for estimating the net 
growth at plot-level? and (iii) What is the best method to estimate the 
net growth at plot-level? 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study sites and plot characteristics

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without further details, it cannot be confirmed.