Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

26. LeCun, Y.; Bengio, Y.; Hinton, G. Deep learning. Nature 2015, 521, 436–444. [CrossRef]
27. Zhang, L.; Zhang, L.; Du, B. Deep learning for remote sensing data: A technical tutorial on the state of the art. IEEE Geosci. Remote

Sens. Mag. 2016, 4, 22–40. [CrossRef]

28. Zhu, X.X.; Tuia, D.; Mou, L.; Xia, G.-S.; Zhang, L.; Xu, F.; Fraundorfer, F. Deep learning in remote sensing: A comprehensive

review and list of resources. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Mag. 2017, 5, 8–36. [CrossRef]

29. Lopatin, J.; Dolos, K.; Hernández, H.; Galleguillos, M.; Fassnacht, F. Comparing generalized linear models and random forest
to model vascular plant species richness using LiDAR data in a natural forest in central Chile. Remote Sens. Environ. 2016, 173,
200–210. [CrossRef]

30. Hakkenberg, C.R.; Zhu, K.; Peet, R.K.; Song, C. Mapping multi-scale vascular plant richness in a forest landscape with inte-grated

31.

70.

71.

metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef]
Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep
learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef]
Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-cation
problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.

72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016.
73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation areas for national

plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]

74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats,

The training process was performed for a number of iterations in which all the training
data were exposed to the network until the loss function reached its minimum value. The
model score reached its maximum after approximately 5000 iterations with a NVIDIA
Titan X GPU (3584 CUDA cores). The number of trainable parameters was 85,569 and the
computational run-time was approximately 4 h with a training batch size of 1024.

Deep learning approaches have shown promising results in many scientiﬁc applica-
tions [67,68] but do not always guarantee better outcomes [69,70]. Therefore, we compared
the performance of the proposed DL model with a RF regression model as a baseline, since
RF showed reasonable results and is popular in various machine learning applications [71].
To determine the best values of the hyperparameters (number of trees, maximum tree
depths, and the maximum number of features) in the RF model, a grid search was used.

The goal of the study was to estimate potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data, by combining deep
learning with remote sensing data. To accomplish this goal, plant species richness in South
Korea was estimated by combining the suitability predictions of 1574 species using species
distribution models. To estimate potential plant species richness patterns for North Korea,
a state-of-the-art DL approach was used to develop a species richness retrieval model by
integration of the surveyed and estimated richness information collected in South Korea
and multitemporal remote sensing data. Not only were we able to estimate potential plant
species richness over the entire Korean Peninsula at a higher resolution than in previous
efforts [33], but we identiﬁed which variables at which time periods were more important
for estimating plant species richness.

2. Materials and Methods

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available from the given context to provide the exact data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be noted that the authors used a combination of surveyed and estimated richness information collected in South Korea along with multitemporal remote sensing data to develop their deep learning model. They also mentioned using a NVIDIA Titan X GPU for training the model. It would be beneficial to check the original research paper or contact the corresponding author(s) directly to obtain the specific data repository link.