Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

2.4. Open Science methodology and tools 

Our  workflow  implements  a  FAIR  approach  that  tests  FAIR  data 
principles’  practicability.  It  is  open-source  (Supplementary  material) 
and was integrated with the DataMiner Cloud computing platform of the 
D4Science e-Infrastructure (Coro et al., 2017), which allows accessing 
the mentioned knowledge sources on-the-fly during processing (Candela 
et al., 2016; Coro et al., 2015a). Data FAIRness is facilitated through the 
indexing of these resources in the D4Science catalogue (Assante et al., 
2019b), which can be accessed by all processes via the Catalogue Services 
for the Web (CSW) standard of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC, 
2020). Geospatial data are offered as standarised NetCDF files available 
on  a  distributed  ISO/OGC  compliant  Spatial  Data  Infrastructure

This paper has demonstrated how new knowledge can be generated 
out of FAIR fisheries data. Furthermore, newly available information (e. 
g.,  catchability)  can  be  integrated  with  our  methodology  to  enhance 
classification  precision.  For  example,  FAIR  data  with  information  on 
catchability, fishing gears, environmental parameters, and life-history 
traits can be used to identify bycatch species (Lewison et al., 2013), or 
to  study  the  interaction  between  different  fisheries  (e.g.,  bottom, 

mid-water  trawling,  etc.)  with  the  habitat  preferences  (e.g.,  benthic, 
epi-pelagic, and purse seine) and the size distribution of the species in 
the fished area (Armstrong and Falk-Petersen, 2008; Foley et al., 2012). 
The Open Science implementation of our methodology guarantees that 
these sources can be rapidly connected and integrated with the current 
implementation as soon as new FAIR data sources are available. 

Declaration of Competing Interest

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any specific details about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline using strategies such as setting a fixed random seed value. However, generally speaking, one common strategy to manage randomness in machine learning models, including deep learning pipelines, is to set a fixed random seed value. By doing so, we ensure that the results obtained from running the model multiple times will be reproducible since the same sequence of pseudo-random numbers will be generated every time. Another strategy could involve using techniques like cross-validation or bootstrapping to estimate the variability introduced by randomness in the dataset or model initialization.