Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These parameters are the number of selected variables in the model, 
the size of the confidence ellipsoid (counter probability), and the cut-off 
threshold value of the distances between the geometrical mean of the 
trails  (Wards-cut-off  distance).  No  hyperparameter  tuning  has  been 
conducted  and  in  order  to  assure  uniformity,  all  models  of  the  same 
species  were  executed  with  the  default  FIT  parameters  on  the  full 
dataset. 

For  the  second experiment, we applied  the same  approach to real 

missing data points. 

In summary, we analyzed 37 FIT runs per species and compared 185 
model outputs in the first experiment and a total of 13 FIT runs for the 
second experiment. 

3. Results 

3.1. a) Effects of deleting missing values on estimating the true population 
size

781 / 109 

25 

136 

42 

523 / 77 

25 

124 

In this paper, the methods used were both intuitive (omitting missing 
values;  mean  imputation)  and  machine-learning-based.  These  proced-
ures and the FIT method are briefly presented below.  

• Control Group 

In the first experiment, the control group consisted of the unmodified 
datasets  of  each  species.  In  the  second  experiment,  we  defined  the 
control  group  as  the  geometric  profile  extracted  by  our  experienced 
operator.  

35 

535 / 77 

25 

133 

• Delete Case 

41 

1273 / 159 

13 

112 

• Mean imputation 

All data rows containing missing values were removed.  

Amur tiger (c.f. Gu 
et al. (2014);  
Alibhai et al. 
(2022)) 

(Panthera tigris 
altaica)     

cheetah (c.f. Jewell 
et al. (2016)) 

(Acinonyx jubatus)     
giant panda (c.f. Li 
et al. (2018)) 

(Ailuropoda 

melanoleuca)     
mountain lion (c.f.  
Alibhai et al. 
(2017))

approach can transform the ability to use data of lower quality. This is of 
particular  value  for  population  estimate  surveys.  Therefore,  our  pro-
posed approach could widen the range of FIT and we encourage future 
development of new species algorithms for which the number of high- 
quality prints in a trail found in situ is usually lower.

The Authors would also like to extend their thanks to their colleagues 
at  the  WildTrack  Specialist  Group  (WSG)  for  their  support,  valuable 
input, and their outstanding work. Their contributions played a signif-
icant role in the success of this research project.  

Table 6 
FIT  default parameters for five different species.  FIT models contain three  tunable hyperparameters: 1. The 
number of variables used in the stepwise forward discriminant analyses selected based on the F-Ratios; 2. The 
counter probability that defines the prior likelihood of trails originating from the same or from different animals; 
3. The Ward's cut-off distance, predicts the number of clusters (=ˆ number of predicted animals). All hyper-
parameters have been previously tuned for all species, and we have selected the default parameters within our 
experiments to assure comparability between the methods.  

Species 
(latin name)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given information, no hyperparameter tuning was conducted for any of the models. Instead, all models of the same species were executed using the default FIT parameters on the full dataset. The goal was to ensure uniformity among the models. The FIT models contained three tunable hyperparameters: the number of variables used in the stepwise forward discriminant analysis selected based on the F-ratios, the counter probability defining the prior likelihood of trails originating from the same or different animals, and the Ward's cut-off distance predicting the number of clusters (i.e., the number of predicted animals). However, it is not mentioned how these hyperparameters were initially determined or if they were ever optimized before being set as defaults.