Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Alexandria Engineering Journal (2021) 60, 4423–4432

H O S T E D   BY

Alexandria University

Alexandria Engineering Journal

www.elsevier.com/locate/aej
www.sciencedirect.com

A new mobile application of agricultural pests
recognition using deep learning in cloud computing
system

Mohamed Esmail Karar a,b,*, Fahad Alsunaydi a, Sultan Albusaymi a, Sultan Alotaibi a

a College of Computing and Information Technology Shaqra University, Shaqra, Saudi Arabia
b Department of Industrial Electronics and Control Engineering, Faculty of Electronic Engineering, Menouﬁa University,
Minuf, Egypt

Received 23 September 2020; revised 6 January 2021; accepted 9 March 2021
Available online 31 March 2021

KEYWORDS

Smart agriculture;
Crop pest;
Cloud computing;
Deep learning;
Faster R-CNN

Although this study is limited to use only Faster R-CNN
InceptionV2 as a proposed deep learning module of our devel-
oped recognition system, it can be easily extended to include
other pre-trained deep feature extractors such as Resnet and
Densenet models. In cloud computing environment, some
types of faults can be occurred such as network fault of inter-
net connection, physical faults of hardware resources, faults in
the processing of developed software. Therefore, the fault tol-
erance is a critical requirement to keep the functionality and
expected performance of cloud computing services and mobile
applications regardless of these possible failures [47–49]. Two
reactive fault tolerance mechanisms have been applied in this
study as follows. First, the recognition task of insect pests is

A new mobile application of agricultural pests recognition

4431

performance utilization of
the RPN module with the
bounding box regression, as depicted in Fig. 2. Moreover,
the computational time of this deep learning approach is not
a problem in this study, because the detection and classiﬁca-
tion procedures of agricultural insect pests can be executed
in a few seconds in the cloud computing system, saving all
required hardware resources.

[18] H. Chen, A. Chen, L. Xu, H. Xie, H. Qiao, Q. Lin, K. Cai, A
deep learning CNN architecture applied in smart near-infrared
analysis of water pollution for agricultural irrigation resources,
Agric. Water Manag. 240 (2020) 106303.

[19] X. Wu, C. Zhan, Y. Lai, M. Cheng, J. Yang, IP102: A Large-
Scale Benchmark Dataset for Insect Pest Recognition, IEEE/
CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition
(CVPR) 2019 (2019) 8779–8788.

[20] W. Li, P. Chen, B. Wang, C. Xie, Automatic Localization and
Count of Agricultural Crop Pests Based on an Improved Deep
Learning Pipeline, Sci. Rep. 9 (2019) 7024.

[21] A. Gutierrez, A. Ansuategi, L. Susperregi, C. Tubı´ o, I. Rankic´ ,
L. Lenzˇ a, A Benchmarking of Learning Strategies for Pest
Detection and Identiﬁcation on Tomato Plants for Autonomous
Scouting Robots Using Internal Databases, J. Sens. 2019 (2019)
5219471.

4432

M.E. Karar et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not explicitly mention which specific cloud computing platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the model was deployed in a cloud computing environment. This could potentially refer to any major cloud service provider like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Without further information from the authors, we cannot determine the exact platform used.