Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

multi-resolution  decision  approach  is  usually  effective  in  these  cases 
(Magliozzi  et  al.,  2019).  Another  aspect  of  our  approach  is  that  the 
statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant, 
and the analysis resolution is suited to the study area. Thus, the user 
should provide statistically significant data and use the most appropriate 
spatial resolution for the analysis. These considerations relate to general 
issues  with FAIR  data and  big data processing: easy access  to a  large 
amount of data comes at the expense of a low guarantee of data quality 
and completeness. The precision of our workflow's output depends on (i) 
the  completeness  of  the  input  vessel  data,  (ii)  the  update  rate  of  the 
GRSF, (iii) the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, 
and (iv) the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. 
However, our first and second case studies have demonstrated that our

2.4. Open Science methodology and tools 

Our  workflow  implements  a  FAIR  approach  that  tests  FAIR  data 
principles’  practicability.  It  is  open-source  (Supplementary  material) 
and was integrated with the DataMiner Cloud computing platform of the 
D4Science e-Infrastructure (Coro et al., 2017), which allows accessing 
the mentioned knowledge sources on-the-fly during processing (Candela 
et al., 2016; Coro et al., 2015a). Data FAIRness is facilitated through the 
indexing of these resources in the D4Science catalogue (Assante et al., 
2019b), which can be accessed by all processes via the Catalogue Services 
for the Web (CSW) standard of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC, 
2020). Geospatial data are offered as standarised NetCDF files available 
on  a  distributed  ISO/OGC  compliant  Spatial  Data  Infrastructure

Collins, S., Genova, F., Harrower, N., Hodson, S., Jones, S., Laaksonen, L., Mietchen, D., 
Wittenburg, P., 2018. Turning FAIR into Reality: Final Report and Action Plan from 
the European Commission Expert Group on FAIR data. Available online at: https 
://ec.europa.eu/info/sites/info/files/turning_fair_into_reality_1.pdf.  

Colloca, F., Scarcella, G., Libralato, S., 2017. Recent trends and impacts of fisheries 

exploitation on Mediterranean stocks and ecosystems. Front. Mar. Sci. 4, 244. 
Cornillon, P., Gallagher, J., Sgouros, T., 2003. Opendap: accessing data in a distributed, 

heterogeneous environment. Data Sci. J. 2, 164–174. 

Coro, G., 2020a. A global-scale ecological niche model to predict SARS-COV-2 

coronavirus infection rate. Ecol. Model. 431, 109187. 

Coro, G., 2020b. Open science and artificial intelligence supporting blue growth. 

Environ. Eng. Manage. J. 19, 1719–1729. 

Coro, G., Candela, L., Pagano, P., Italiano, A., Liccardo, L., 2015a. Parallelizing the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention any specific techniques such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, it discusses how workflows can help compensate for some biases through data classification and spatio-temporal aggregation, especially when dealing with large input datasets. This suggests that proper organization and management of data can contribute to reducing bias. Additionally, the text mentions that the precision of the workflow's output depends on factors like the completeness of input vessel data, the update rate of the Global Record of Stocks and Fisheries (GRSF), and the completeness of Ocean Biogeographic Information System (OBIS) data in the selected time range. Therefore, ensuring high-quality and complete data inputs could also indirectly mitigate potential biases.