Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024087R.K. Singh et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024083R.K. Singh et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024085R.K. Singh et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Fig. 3. a) Contribution of species with respect to AGB, number of species and individuals, b) Field estimated aboveground biomass using 196 sample plots.  

crucial role in mitigating overfitting. Smaller c values lead the optimiser 
to  select  a  larger  margin,  potentially  misinterpreting  numerous  data 
points.  Conversely,  higher  c  values  result in  smaller  margins and  can 
cause overfitting. Thus, we tuned the c value within the range of 0.1 to 
20,  ensuring  a  balanced  trade-off  between  the  margin  size  and  over-
fitting (Table S2). 

3.5.3. Artificial neural network

Fig. 4. Model predicted variable importance (a) Random Forest, (b) Artificial Neural Network, (c) Support vector machine in estimating AGB. 
Variable  abbreviations:  NDVI  (Normalized  Difference  Vegetation  Index),  SRI  (Soil-Adjusted  Vegetation  Index),VV*VH  (Product  of  Vertical  Vertical  and  Vertical 
Horizontal backscatter bands), EVI(Enhanced Vegetation Index), avg.(VV&VH) (Average of Vertical Vertical and Vertical Horizontal backscatter bands), VV (Vertical 
Vertical backscatter band), DVI (Difference Vegetation Index), RedEdge (Red Edge wavelength band), Red (Red wavelength band), MSR (Modified Simple Ratio), 
SAVI (Soil-Adjusted Vegetation Index), MSAVI (Modified Soil-Adjusted Vegetation Index), VH (Vertical Horizontal backscatter band), NIR (Near-Infrared wavelength 
band), ratio(VV*VH) (Ratio of Vertical Vertical and Vertical Horizontal backscatter bands), SWIR (Shortwave Infrared wavelength band) and Blue/Red (Ratio of Blue

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not include any reference or mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.