Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

To identify the Brazilian nightjar with the least information available 
we created a combined index based on the following criteria: (i) number 
of scientific articles published about the species, (ii) number of obser-
vations uploaded to a citizen science platform, and (iii) number of re-
cordings  uploaded  to  a  public  online  database  of  sounds.  The  latest 
version of the checklist of birds of Brazil includes 27 nightjars (Pacheco 
et al., 2021), although we restricted the search to those species inhab-
iting the Brazilian Pantanal (15 species, see Table 1), where the study 
was  carried  out  (see  study  area  section).  The  selection  of  species 
inhabiting  the  Brazilian  Pantanal was  based  on whether  there was  at 
least  one  sighting  uploaded  to  eBird  on  this  area  (http://www.ebird. 
org).  eBird  is  a  large-scale  citizen  science  program  focused  on  birds 
that  enables  interested  ornithologists  and  citizen  scientists  to  submit

extracted the total number of observations of the species uploaded to 
eBird and the total number of recordings of each species stored in Xeno- 
canto  (http://www.xeno-canto.org).  Xeno-canto  is  a  public,  citizen- 
based,  birdsong  repository.  It  is  a  collaborative  project  dedicated  to 
sharing  (freely  downloadable)  bird  sounds  from  all  over  the  world, 
hosting over 714,000 recordings of 10,300 bird species. The platform 
has  allowed  the  development  of  machine-learning  algorithms  able  to 
automatically identify 3000 bird species by their sound (Wood et al., 
2022)  owing  to  the  large  number  of  labeled  recordings  uploaded  by 
skilled ornithologists. We considered the eBird index as a proxy of bird 
rarefaction, where a lower number of observations could be related to a 
more  restricted  distribution  of  the  species,  while  a  lower  number  of 
recordings  in  Xeno-canto  may  indicate  a  species  with  a  more  limited

2.3. Study area 

◦

′
30

′
25

◦
S, 56

The study area was located in the Brazilian Pantanal and comprised 
three  monitoring  stations  around  the  SESC  Pantanal  resort  (Mato 
Grosso, Brazil; 16
W, Supplemental Fig. S1). The surveyed 
area  is  within  the  floodplain  of  the  Cuiab´a  River  and  it  is  seasonally 
inundated during the wet season (October–April, Junk et al., 2006). The 
dominant vegetation was composed by a mosaic of savannas and forest 
formations (see detailed description in de Deus et al., 2020). The climate 
is humid and tropical, with average annual rainfall around 1000–1500 
mm and a mean annual temperature about 24 

C (Junk et al., 2006). 

◦

2.4. Acoustic monitoring

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide any specific information regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used for identifying bird species by their sound. However, it mentions two platforms relevant to bird observation and recording - eBird and Xeno-canto. These are both citizen science projects aimed at collecting and sharing bird-related data globally.

eBird is a large-scale citizen science program focused on birds, allowing users to submit bird sightings and observations. Its website can be found here: http://www.ebird.org.

Xeno-canto is a public, citizen-based birdsong repository hosting over 714,000 recordings of 10,300 bird species. This platform has enabled the development of machine-learning algorithms capable of automatically identifying 3000 bird species by their sound. You can access Xeno-canto through its website: http://www.xeno-canto.org.

While these resources do not directly address the query regarding the deep learning pipeline's data repository link, they are valuable tools for gathering bird-related data and might indirectly contribute to such pipelines.