Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

in  order  to  evaluate  outcomes  of  proposed  management  schemes,  a 
prerequisite to the supply of environmental flows (Poff et al., 2010). In 
short, effective environmental water management requires the ability to 
map  a  given  set  of  environmental  flows  to  an  ecological  response 
accurately. 

1.1. Empirical approaches and the natural flow regime 

Quantifying the deviations from the natural flow regime of a river is 
a reliable approach to modeling the health of reliant ecosystems (Guo 
et al., 2023). This approach to ecological modeling relies on establishing 
relationships between flow characteristics or hydrological metrics and 
biological indicators (Jiang and Chui, 2022). The results from hypoth-
esis testing often inform these relationships as well as specific targets, 
which  management  authorities  strive  to  meet  in  order  to  maintain 

* Corresponding author at: CSIRO Environment, GPO Box 1700, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.

Requirements for the Proposed Basin Plan: Riverland–Chowilla Floodplain. Murray- 
Darling Basin Authority, Canberra.  

Overton, I.C., Pollino, C.A., Roberts, J., Reid, J.R.W., Bond, N.R., McGinness, H.M., 
Gawne, B., Stratford, D.S., Merrin, L.E., Barma, D., Cuddy, S.M., Nielsen, D.L., 
Smith, T., Henderson, B.L., Baldwin, D.S., Chiu, G.S., Doody, T.M., MDBA, 2014. 
Development of the Murray Darling Basin Plan SDL Adjustment Ecological Elements 
Method. CSIRO, Canberra.  

Poff, N.L., Zimmerman, J.K.H., 2010. Ecological responses to altered flow regimes: a 
literature review to inform the science and management of environmental flows. 
Freshw. Biol. 55, 194–205. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2427.2009.02272.x. 

Poff, N.L., Richter, B.D., Arthington, A.H., Bunn, S.E., Naiman, R.J., Kendy, E.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain any details about the use of deep learning pipelines or specific datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Therefore, it is impossible to determine which datasets were used in the deep learning pipeline based solely on this context.