Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mated segmentation approaches were not sufficient, so a manual image 
annotation  was  indispensable.  However,  once  a  dataset  of  a  specific 
location and community has been created and the deep learning model 
has been trained on it, it is very easy to process large amounts of image 
data and the model can be used for subsequent timesteps. Compared to a 
manual  assessment  of  the  monitoring  points,  the  deep  learning-based 
evaluation  of the  biocrust  images provides an  accurate quantification 
of the individual taxa. This allows a precise analysis of large amounts of 
data, e.g. obtained at monitoring points. Thus, changes in the biocrust 
composition can be accurately quantified over time and/or location.

We have shown that deep learning methods can be applied to achieve 
a  valid  biocrust  classification on  species and/or  genus level  based  on 
standard RGB image data. The advantage of analyzing RGB images is, 
that they can be acquired relatively inexpensively with standard camera 
sensors, which allows an easy data acquisition for biomonitoring. The 
most time-consuming step to obtain a good segmentation model is the 
creation of the training datasets, which can be quite time consuming. In 
our case, the required labelling time was up to 2 h per image for the USA 
Data. Modern deep learning tools can be used to do an automated seg-
mentation of images to safe labelling time (Kirillov et al., 2023). Other 
segmentation models aim to do an unsupervised image segmentation, 
where the only specification is the required number of classes (Harb and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019). In our case the results of the auto-

For  biological  soil  crusts,  the  information  from  multispectral  or 
hyperspectral  images  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  annotation  effort,  as 
some  biocrust  organisms  have  defined  reflective  properties  in  the  ul-
traviolet  and/or  the  infrared  spectrum.  Thus,  it  is  (at  least  for  some 
organisms) useful to use multispectral or hyperspectral data as input for 
deep learning models for biocrust monitoring (Erlandsson et al., 2022). 
However,  these  approaches  are  heavily  dependent  on  cost-intensive 
airborne  data  acquisition  of  multispectral  imagery.  When  it  comes  to 
low-cost remote sensing biocrust monitoring, which is done manually by 
humans over a long time periods, the data acquisition methods and/or 
devices can change over time. It is, however, very important to consider 
that,  especially  for  image  data,  different  camera  devices  record  data 
differently,  as  some  camera  devices  perform  an  automated  post-

When  it  comes  to  the  application  of  deep  learning  models,  it  is 
mandatory to train the model on training data that resemble the data, on 
which  the model will be applied  later. If the  model is  applied over  a 
longer period of time (as it can be the case in long term biomonitoring), 
the training dataset and the dataset, on which the model is applied can 
have  different  data  distributions  due  to  some  reasons,  like  different 
recording  conditions  (brightness,  scale)  or  recording  devices/sensors 
(contrast,  resolution).  This  is  a  well-known  phenomenon  called  data 
drift  or  domain  drift  (Farahani  et  al.,  2020).  Thus,  it  is  necessary  to 
create specific datasets tailored to the desired application. The field of 
machine learning that is dealing with this discrepancy across domain 
distributions, is called domain adaption, with the aim of increasing the 
transferability of models to datasets with similar statistical properties.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a direct link to the data repository of the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given text. The text discusses the application of deep learning methods for biocrust classification using RGB image data but does not specify any particular data repository links such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. To find the relevant data repository, one would need more details about the research study, authors, or publication where this methodology was presented.