Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

trogram. In addition to different TFRs, a different deep learning architecture, SubSpectralNet, is employed
to classify bird sounds. Experimental results on classifying 43 bird species show that fusing selected deep
learning models can effectively increase the classiﬁcation performance. Our best fused model can achieve a
balanced accuracy of 86.31% and a weighted F1-score of 93.31%.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

[21] Y.
by
divisions,’’
Available:
classiﬁcation-results-a

‘‘Acoustic
based

Sakashita
ensemble

adaptive
2018.

scene

on

[22] J. Salamon, J. P. Bello, A. Farnsworth, and S. Kelling, ‘‘Fusing shallow
and deep learning for bioacoustic bird species classiﬁcation,’’ in Proc.
IEEE Int. Conf. Acoust., Speech Signal Process. (ICASSP), Mar. 2017,
pp. 141–145.

[23] J. Salamon, J. P. Bello, A. Farnsworth, M. Robbins, S. Keen, H. Klinck,
and S. Kelling, ‘‘Towards the automatic classiﬁcation of avian ﬂight
calls for bioacoustic monitoring,’’ PLoS ONE, vol. 11, no. 11, pp. 1–26,
Nov. 2016.

[24] K. Simonyan and A. Zisserman, ‘‘Very deep convolutional networks for
large-scale image recognition,’’ in Proc. 3rd Int. Conf. Learn. Repre-
sentations, (ICLR), San Diego, CA, USA, 2015. [Online]. Available:
http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.1556

INDEX TERMS Bird sound classiﬁcation, deep learning, class-based late fusion,
representation.

time-frequency

I. INTRODUCTION
In the past decade, bird sound classiﬁcation has received
increasingly attention due to its worldwide population
decline. Therefore, it is becoming ever more necessary to
protect bird biodiversity, where monitoring bird population
is the ﬁrst step for the protection. Traditional methods for
monitoring birds are time-consuming and costly [32]. Recent
advances in wireless acoustic sensor networks and deep learn-
ing techniques provide a novel way for monitoring animal
populations [3], [34]. Relying on the wireless sensor network,
bird sounds can be continuously collected in an open envi-
ronment, which can then be used for monitoring bird’s pop-
ulation [31], [33]. However, various sound sources and low

The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and

approving it for publication was Jingchang Huang

.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, none of the given context mentions any specific strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. The information provided discusses the use of deep learning architectures like VGG style networks and SubSpectralNet for bird sound classification, along with details about their implementation, training parameters, and experimental results. It also touches upon handling variable lengths of audio files by repeating signals or resizing them to fit fixed durations. However, there is no mention of addressing randomness within the deep learning process itself.