Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Our result that deep learning networks consistently outperformed other baselines, is consis-

and semantic segmentation. Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern rec-
ognition; 2014.

34. Piczak KJ, Environmental sound classification with convolutional neural networks. 2015 IEEE 25th

International Workshop on Machine Learning for Signal Processing (MLSP); 2015: IEEE.

35. Salamon J, Bello JP. Deep convolutional neural networks and data augmentation for environmental

sound classification. arXiv preprint arXiv:160804363. 2016.

36. Hershey S, Chaudhuri S, Ellis DP, Gemmeke JF, Jansen A, Moore RC, et al. CNN Architectures for

Large-Scale Audio Classification. arXiv preprint arXiv:160909430. 2016.

37. Hinton G, Deng L, Yu D, Dahl GE, Mohamed A-r, Jaitly N, et al. Deep neural networks for acoustic

modeling in speech recognition: The shared views of four research groups. IEEE Signal Processing
Magazine. 2012; 29(6):82–97.

38. Hannun A, Case C, Casper J, Catanzaro B, Diamos G, Elsen E, et al. Deep speech: Scaling up end-to-

we also created a second, smaller CNN which included fewer model weights that can be run in
a fully convolutional manner (CNNFAST) (Supplementary Information Methods, Supplemen-
tary Information S1 Fig). (4) Call Detection Probabilities–The probabilistic predictions pro-
duced by the sliding window detector tended to be overly smooth in time (Fig 1D). To localise
the calls precisely, we converted the probabilistic predictions into individual detections using a
non-maximum suppression to return the local maximum for each peak in the output predic-
tion (Fig 1E). These local maxima corresponded to the predicted locations of the start of each
search-phase bat echolocation call, with associated probabilities, and were exported as text
files.

tent with the suggestion that CNNs offer substantially improved performance over other
supervised learning methods for acoustic signal classification [39]. The major improvement of
both CNNs over Random Forest and the three commercial systems was in terms of recall, i.e.
increasing the proportion of detected bat calls in the test datasets. Although the precision of
the commercial systems was often relatively high, the CNNs were able to detect much fainter
and partially noise-masked bat calls that were missed by the other methods, with fewer false
positives, and very quickly, particularly with CNNFAST. Previous applications of deep learning
networks to bioacoustic and environmental sound recognition have used small and high-qual-
ity datasets [e.g., 35, 39]. However, our results show that, provided they are trained with suit-
ably large and varied training data, deep learning networks have good potential for applied use

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. Regularization techniques such as dropout or L2 regularization could have been employed, but without further information, it cannot be confirmed. It would be best to refer to the original source material or related literature for more details about the regularization methods used in this particular study.