Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

more than twice the number of annotations, has a lower AP of 0.910. 
This demonstrates that some taxa are inherently harder to identify, and 
their features tend to be more difficult to find by the model, they need 
more annotations to improve their results. Isotomiella minor for example, 
is the most challenging species of our model with an AP of 0.807 and also 
is one of the species with the lowest number of annotations, increasing 
the  number  of  annotations  and  using  techniques  that  focus  on  the 
variance intra-species and similarity inter-species would greatly benefit 
its  results.  In  addition  to  the  unique  challenges  posed  by  species  like 
Isotomiella  minor,  an  analysis  of  the  confusion  matrix  sheds  light  on 
common  sources  of  model  errors.  Misclassifying  Collembola  from  the 
species  of  interest  into  the  “Other”  category,  often  due  to  an  inter- 
species similarity. Some Collembola were also confused with the back-

The models were all trained with the same parameters: 500 epochs, 
an initial learning rate of 0.01 with a weight decay of 0.005, the opti-
mizer Adam was chosen, with a beta1 of 0.937, and data augmentation 
transformations  were  applied  while  training.  Data  augmentation  is  a 
technique used in machine learning to artificially increase the size of a 
dataset  by  creating  new  samples  from  the  existing  ones.  Augmented 
samples are used to train the model more effectively by increasing its 
ability to generalize and its accuracy on the test dataset. The advantage 
of this technique when dealing with a low amount of data such as in our 
case, is the reduced risk of overfitting, since models are exposed to more 
variations, they will tend  to less memorize the dataset. This  becomes 
essential when you have limited data to train models with, which is a 
common problem in deep-learning applications. Another advantage is

the  robustness  it  gives  to  the  model,  by  applying  variation  it  makes

Because of the low amount of data at our disposal, cross validation 
was used to ensure the statistical results, and that the model was not 
over-fitting. Over-fitting happens when a model is too complex for the 
amount of data given and loses the ability to learn a solution that gen-
eralizes well because it fits the training data too much, resulting in poor 
performance  on  unseen  data.  The  cross-validation  technique  we  used 
works as follows: K crosses are created by randomly shuffling the dataset 
and dividing it into a training and an evaluation set K times, then for 
each cross, a new model is trained. This allows us to train K different 
models,  each  one  on  a  different  version  of  the  dataset.  Once  all  the 
models are trained, we evaluate them and average all of their perfor-
mances to better understand the model's capability on this dataset. The 
similarity  of  each  model's  evaluation  results  would  indicate  that  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided information, there isn't any explicit mention of how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized, whether through methods such as grid search or random search. However, certain aspects of the model's configuration can still be discussed.

The model was trained with specific parameters including 500 epochs, an initial learning rate of 0.01, a weight decay of 0.005, and the use of the Adam optimizer with a beta1 value of 0.937. These values appear to be fixed rather than being determined through a systematic optimization process.

Data augmentation transformations were applied during training to help prevent overfitting and improve the model's performance on unseen data. Cross-validation was employed to further mitigate the risks associated with having a small dataset.

In summary, based on the available information, it appears that the hyperparameters of the model were manually selected rather than being systematically optimized via methods such as grid search or random search.