Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On the official YouTube platform, we entered the keyword in Japa-
nese  “Yacho”  (wild  birds)  on  15  June  2022  and  sorted  the  videos 
uploaded from the start of the YouTube service to the present day (at the 
time) in the order of the number of views. We attempted to set other 
keywords, including “Tori” (birds) and “bird watching” (this word was 
entered in Japanese Katakana script), but we could not efficiently search 
the videos displaying birds from these keywords (Table S1). The videos 
returned from those keywords did not display wild birds but rather pet 
birds, such as parakeets, those displayed in music videos, and those that 
focused on bird-watching equipment, such as cameras and binoculars. 
Therefore,  we  decided  to  use  the  keyword  “Yacho”  and  extracted  the 
videos that had been viewed >100 times as of 15 June 2022 (n = 449). 
There were too many videos that had been viewed <100 times to extract

2.2. Data extraction of videos displaying wild birds

and view. In addition, likely due to the search algorithm of YouTube, we 
could not obtain a stable search result when including videos that were 
viewed <100 times. This variability would largely affect the reproduc-
ibility of  the results.  In contrast, the  videos  viewed >100  times  were 
included,  even  when  we  repeatedly  reloaded  the  search  results.  The 
search of the videos was performed using an incognito window provided 
by Google Chrome while logged out from YouTube to avoid influences of 
prior searches and viewing history. The first author viewed the extracted 
videos from 15 June to 15 July 2022 and identified those in which birds 
appeared  (including  those  in  which  only  singing  was  recorded). 
Consequently,  449  videos  were  used  for  the  subsequent  analysis.  For 
each video, the following information was obtained: number of views, 
title,  length  (seconds),  uploaded  date,  name  of  uploaded  channel,

For thumbnail information, we classified the thumbnail character-
istics into six categories, including people, birds, objects, scenery, text, 
and food. Objects that we identified in the videos were either a camera 
or  binoculars.  Each  thumbnail  category  was  recorded  as  a  separate 
column (i.e., basically, with a value of 0 or 1 in a separate column of 
each category). 

2.3. Data analysis 

The  following  data  analyses  were  performed  using  R  software 
version 4.1.2 (R Core Team, 2021) with Boruta, lmerTest, car, MuMIn, 
and randomForest packages.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no mention of any specific data augmentation techniques applied in a deep learning pipeline within the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding this topic based solely on the provided information.