Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  addition  to  calculating  MAE  values,  we  also  compared  the 
inference-time to determine the most computationally efficient model. 
We set the batch to 400 to achieve 100% GPU utilization of each model 
and to measure the maximum queries per second (QPS) achieved under 
real-world conditions (Ding et al., 2021). All models were tested under 
the same experiment setting and the same GPU to make comparisons 
between them fair. To do so, we first expand the dataset by a factor of 
five (from 8002 to 40,010 images). Then, we fed batches of 50 images 
into the model to warm up the hardware, before recording the inference- 
time of batches of 100 to quantify QPS. 

pi,j =

(cid:0)
exp

)

zi,j
(cid:0)

exp

zi,m

∑M

m=1

)

(1)  

3. Results

We  used  Pytorch  to  build  our  deep  neural  network,  which  was 
trained on Nvidia V100 GPU. In order to accelerate the convergence of 
the model, our model was pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset (Deng 
et  al., 2009) and then independently  fine-tuned on our  PAD Full and 
PAD Lite datasets. However, some individuals cross multiple age groups. 
Thus, to eliminate the influence of individuals, we applied a five-fold 
subject-exclusive  (SE)  (Han  et  al.,  2014;  Pan  et  al.,  2018)  which 
ensured the same subject did not appear in the training set and testing 
set at the same time. We downscaled the resolution of all images to 224 
× 224 pixels before feeding them to seven models. To avoid overfitting 
and imbalanced problem, we applied aggressive data augmentation. Our 
original images were captured under different illumination and angles. 
Thus, we augmented all training sets randomly via horizontal flipping,

different VGG nets, such as VGG-11, VGG-16, and VGG-19. VGG-16 has 
been applied in many researches and it is often used to extract features in 
the age estimation tasks Pan et al. (2018). In this study, we replaced the 
last three Fully-Connected (FC) layers of the original VGG model with 
one FC layer to reduce parameters. And we adopt Batch Normalization 
(BN) (Ioffe and Szegedy, 2015) to accelerate the training of networks. 
For this study, we selected VGG-11-BN and VGG-16-BN to extract the 
features from panda facial images. 

2.2.2. ResNet

L = (cid:0)

1
N

∑N

i=1

yi,jlog(pi)

(4)  

where yi, j is a soft label of the i-th sample (the ground truth age is j), and 
pi is vector of probability predicted from i-th sample based on Eq. (3). 

2.5. Training

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific hyperparameters used for the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. It only mentions that the model was built using PyTorch and trained on an Nvidia V100 GPU. Additionally, the model was pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset and later fine-tuned on their own datasets, applying a five-fold subject-exclusive method to prevent subjects appearing in both training and testing sets simultaneously. Data augmentation techniques like horizontal flipping were utilized to address overfitting and imbalance issues. Furthermore, the last three fully connected layers of the original VGG model were replaced with one fully connected layer to decrease parameters, and batch normalization was adopted to expedite network training.