Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

multi-resolution  decision  approach  is  usually  effective  in  these  cases 
(Magliozzi  et  al.,  2019).  Another  aspect  of  our  approach  is  that  the 
statistical analysis has a higher precision when vessel data are abundant, 
and the analysis resolution is suited to the study area. Thus, the user 
should provide statistically significant data and use the most appropriate 
spatial resolution for the analysis. These considerations relate to general 
issues  with FAIR  data and  big data processing: easy access  to a  large 
amount of data comes at the expense of a low guarantee of data quality 
and completeness. The precision of our workflow's output depends on (i) 
the  completeness  of  the  input  vessel  data,  (ii)  the  update  rate  of  the 
GRSF, (iii) the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, 
and (iv) the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis. 
However, our first and second case studies have demonstrated that our

This paper has demonstrated how new knowledge can be generated 
out of FAIR fisheries data. Furthermore, newly available information (e. 
g.,  catchability)  can  be  integrated  with  our  methodology  to  enhance 
classification  precision.  For  example,  FAIR  data  with  information  on 
catchability, fishing gears, environmental parameters, and life-history 
traits can be used to identify bycatch species (Lewison et al., 2013), or 
to  study  the  interaction  between  different  fisheries  (e.g.,  bottom, 

mid-water  trawling,  etc.)  with  the  habitat  preferences  (e.g.,  benthic, 
epi-pelagic, and purse seine) and the size distribution of the species in 
the fished area (Armstrong and Falk-Petersen, 2008; Foley et al., 2012). 
The Open Science implementation of our methodology guarantees that 
these sources can be rapidly connected and integrated with the current 
implementation as soon as new FAIR data sources are available. 

Declaration of Competing Interest

The use of the upper confidence limit of the log-normal distribution 
selects species that have an outstanding impact score. This approach aims 
at maximising the probability that a species with a high score is really 
impacted (i.e., is a true positive), and thus to increase the classification 
precision. Using a lower threshold would have been more precautionary 
but less precise. In order to explore the unclassified impacted species, 
more information should indeed be introduced in our system (Section 3). 
This  final  step  of  our  algorithm  produces  a  list  of  potentially 
impacted  species  and  the  distribution  of  fishing  pressure  on  stocks, 
which  contribute  to  give  an  overview  of  the  potential  impact  of  the 
fishing activity on the study area. 

2.4. Open Science methodology and tools

numbers of threatened species underwent a much lower fishing activity 
in 2020 (from 1000 to 3000 h, i.e., 40–70% less).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not explicitly mention any specific criteria used to determine when training is complete, such as a validation loss plateau. However, there are some relevant points regarding the precision and accuracy of the statistical analysis and the factors affecting them.

In this context, the precision of the statistical analysis is mentioned to be higher when vessel data are abundant, and the analysis resolution is suitable for the study area. Additionally, the completeness of the input vessel data, the update rate of the GRSF, the completeness of the OBIS data in the selected time range, and the suitability of the selected spatial resolution for the analysis are all factors that affect the precision of the workflow's output.

Moreover, the use of the upper confidence limit of the log-normal distribution selects species that have an outstanding impact score, aiming to maximize the probability that a species with a high score is truly impacted and increasing the classification precision.

Therefore, while the context does not directly address the query about the criteria used to determine when training is complete, it suggests that the focus is on achieving high precision and accuracy in the analysis, which could involve monitoring metrics like validation loss during training.