Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016092T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 2. Deep learning framework for highway air quality monitoring and prediction.  

∙ Integrate missing or inaccurate data from heterogeneous sources to 
enhance forecasting accuracy of the developed model. 

∙  Perform a system scalability test to determine response time and 
throughput as hardware device load increases. 

∙  Develop  and  evaluate  a  baseline  deep  learning  model  to  make 
hourly predictions of PM2.5, PM10, and NO2 concentration levels due 
to the deadly nature of these pollutants.

(cid:0) 4,  and  steep  value  of  1.3e

4). 

(cid:0)

4.3.3. Model evaluation 

In this section, the results of the deep learning model developed are 
presented. The model was trained to make day-ahead predictions of the 
three pollutants, but first, an appropriate evaluation metric had to be 
selected.  The  top  metrics  for  regression  problems  are  mean  squared 
error/root  mean  squared  error  (MSE/RMSE),  mean  absolute  error 

Fig. 12. A plot showing the model's training and validation losses against the 
number of epochs. It is worth noting that there was a gradual decrease in both 
losses  as  the  training  epochs  increased  which  indicates  that  the  model  was 
learning. Further training beyond 20,000 epochs would have either resulted in 
overfitting or no further drop in both losses.

Lewisham,  Southwark,  and  Chepstow  were  used  as  case  studies  to  develop  a  REVIS  system  and  validate  the 
proposed framework. REVIS examined the framework's ability to capture granular pollution data, scale up its 
storage facility to rapid data growth and translate high-level user queries to structured query language (SQL) 
required  for  exploratory  data  analysis.  Finally,  the  framework's  suitability  for  predictive  analytics  was  tested 
using fastai's library for tabular data, and automated hyperparameter tuning was implemented using bayesian 
optimisation. The results of our experiments demonstrate the suitability of the proposed framework in building 
end-to-end systems for extensive monitoring and forecasting of pollutant concentration levels on highways. The 
study serves as a background for future related research looking to improve the overall performance of roadside 
and highway air quality forecasting models.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention which specific deep learning framework was used to build the model. However, it mentions that the study uses fastai's library for tabular data, which suggests that the researchers might have used FastAI, a popular deep learning library built on top of PyTorch. Therefore, we can infer that they likely used PyTorch as the underlying deep learning framework.