Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

compressed,  reducing  to  only  a  few  pixels  in  deeper  CNN  layers.  For 
instance, an object with dimensions of 15 × 15 pixels in a UAV thermal 
image might be represented by just 1 pixel in the feature map from Layer 
4 of ResNet152 (refer to Fig. 4). The limited spatial resolution can lead to 
loss of fine details, making it difficult for the model to distinguish small 
objects from the background. Through FPN, different feature maps from 
different layers can complement each other, and deeper feature map can 
receive some spatial information from shallower layers. However, still 
certain  spatial  features  might  have  been  lost  during  the  process  of 
convolution operations. Consequently, the models of FRC_ResNet18FPN 
and FRC_ResNet34FPN can obtain higher AP for medium and large ob-
jects than the remaining models because they have less CNN layers than 
others.  Notably,  the  FRC_ResNet152FPN  obtains  the  best  detection

for a model to detect and identify them. Under this condition, more CNN 
layers mean that more abstractly semantic information can be extracted. 
Therefore, FRC_ResNet152FPN has more advantages than others in this 
sense.

characterized  by  convolutional  neural  networks  (CNNs)  are  being 
increasingly  used  to  automate  the  animal  recognition  and  counting 
tasks, and their performance is continuously improved with the intro-
duction of enhanced architecture (Kaur and Singh, 2022). For example,

The family of residual neural networks includes ResNet18, ResNet34, 
ResNet50, ResNet101, and ResNet152 according to their number of CNN 
layers.  “Stage”  is  an  important term  in  the  context of  residual neural 
networks, which refers to a specific set of convolution layers that output 
feature maps with different resolutions. Take ResNet152 as an example 
in (Fig. 4), it consists of five stages (Conv1, Layer1, Layer2, Layer3, and 
Layer4) and each stage can produce a feature map. The spatial resolution 
of each feature map is progressively reduced by a factor of 2, while the 
number of bands is simutanously increased by a factor of 2. Usually, the 
traditional FPN neglects the feature maps from Conv1, Layer1 and Layer 
2 and only incorporates the two feature maps from Layer 3 and Layer 4. 
For  the  detection  of  large  objects  from  high-resolution  true-color  im-
ages, this may work well. However, for the small objects in UAV thermal

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention of the hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer used in the deep learning model within the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer based on the available information.