Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data pre-processing

The complete dataset of 42 WQPs (Appendix A) for the 13 moni-
toring sites was subjected to an outlier detection and artificial data
replacement process, as Casillas-García et al. (2021) reported. Processed
data were used subsequently to train machine learning models, first with

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026552A.F. del Castillo et al.

Fig. 1. Study area and geographical distribution of sampling points along the Santiago-Guadalajara River.

the full dataset of 13 monitoring sites and secondly with the best training
subset (BTS) composed of sites selected by CA and TSA. Predictions from
all models were evaluated by comparing the root-mean-square-error
(RMSE), mean squared error (MSE), mean absolute error (MAE) and
coefficient of determination (R2) and finally, the BTS-ANFIS was tested
against new data and individual data from each monitoring site. The
general procedure for the training data selection and model develop-
ment is described in Fig. 2.

4.2. Machine learning models

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026559A.F. del Castillo et al.

but using a similar number of inputs, resulting in similar model effi-
ciency. Intelligent models based on extreme learning machine were
proposed to predict WQI at the Kinta River basin using seven WQPs as
inputs, obtaining a RMSE = 3.606 for training and RMSE = 3.816 for
testing (Abba et al., 2020). The efficiency of the machine learning
models developed in this research can be attributed to the precise data
selection for model training using clusters and time series analysis.

5. Conclusions

2.6. Machine learning models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be any of the mentioned platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF, but without explicit mention, it cannot be confirmed.