Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

results in an unchanged expected activation in the fol-
lowing  convolutional  layers.  Furthermore,  we  nor-
malize all input channels (red, green, blue, and depth)
by subtracting the respective mean and dividing by the
respective standard deviation over the whole dataset.
We also introduce a feature fusion module to combine
the extracted features from both backbones using one
3 × 3 convolution per FPN scale and reduce the num-
ber of channels from 2 × 256 to 256. This allows us to
use weights pre-trained on the Microsoft COCO data-
set [24] for the region proposal network (RPN) classi-
fier and mask head. Fig. 4 illustrates the general archi-
tecture of the resulting D-Mask R-CNN architecture.
We  restrict  our  evaluation  of  D-Mask  R-CNN  to
instances of deers as it is the most common species in our
RGB-D dataset. We quantify the results of D-Mask R-
CNN using the average precision (AP), AP50, and AP75
metrics as defined by the Microsoft COCO dataset [24].

20. D. Korsch and J. Denzler, “In defense of active part se-
lection for fine-grained classification,” Pattern Recog-
nit. Image Anal. 28 (4), 658–663 (2018).

21. D. Korsch, P. Bodesheim, and J. Denzler, “Classifica-
tion-specific  parts  for  improving  fine-grained  visual
categorization,” in German Conference on Pattern Rec-
ognition (GCPR) (2019), pp. 62–75.

22. A. Krizhevsky, I. Sutskever, and G. E. Hinton, “Ima-
geNet  classification  with  deep  convolutional  neural
networks,” in Advances in Neural Information Processing
Systems (NIPS) (2012), pp. 1097–1105.

23. T. Y. Lin, P. Dollár, R. Girshick, K. He, B. Hariharan,
and S. Belongie, “Feature pyramid networks for object
detection,”  in  Proceedings  of  the  IEEE  Conference  on
Computer  Vision  and  Pattern  Recognition  (2017),
pp. 2117–2125.

32. M. Simon, E. Rodner, and J. Denzler, “Part detector
discovery  in  deep  convolutional  neural  networks,”  in
Asian  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  (ACCV)  (2014),
pp. 162–177.

33. Van G. Horn, O. Mac Aodha, Y. Song, Y. Cui, C. Sun,
A.  Shepard,  H.  Adam,  P.  Perona,  and  S.  Belongie,
“The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection
Dataset,” in IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2018), pp. 8769–8778.
34. G. Yang and D. Ramanan, “Upgrading optical flow to
3D scene flow through optical expansion,” in Proceed-
ings  of  the  IEEE/CVF  Conference  on  Computer  Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2020), pp. 1334–1343.

PATTERN RECOGNITION AND IMAGE ANALYSIS 

 Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

488

RADIG  et  al.

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

Dimitri Korsch is a Research Associ-
ate in the Computer Vision Group at
Friedrich  Schiller  University  Jena,
Germany.  He received his BSc and
MSc  degree  in  IT-Systems  Engi-
neering from University of Potsdam
in  2013  and  2016,  respectively.  His
research  interests  include  unsuper-
vised  machine  learning,  reinforce-
ment learning as well as fine-grained
visual categorization.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit mention of specific techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, the authors do discuss normalizing all input channels (red, green, blue, and depth) by subtracting the respective mean and dividing by the respective standard deviation over the whole dataset. This technique can help mitigate some forms of data bias by ensuring that each channel has equal importance and preventing any single channel from dominating the model's decision-making process due to its magnitude. Additionally, the authors use weights pre-trained on the Microsoft COCO dataset for the region proposal network (RPN) classifier and mask head, which could potentially help address biases present in their own dataset if the COCO dataset is more balanced or representative.