Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

from online shared videos that contain a wide range of species richness 
(from 1 to 106 wild bird species in the videos used in this study).

On the official YouTube platform, we entered the keyword in Japa-
nese  “Yacho”  (wild  birds)  on  15  June  2022  and  sorted  the  videos 
uploaded from the start of the YouTube service to the present day (at the 
time) in the order of the number of views. We attempted to set other 
keywords, including “Tori” (birds) and “bird watching” (this word was 
entered in Japanese Katakana script), but we could not efficiently search 
the videos displaying birds from these keywords (Table S1). The videos 
returned from those keywords did not display wild birds but rather pet 
birds, such as parakeets, those displayed in music videos, and those that 
focused on bird-watching equipment, such as cameras and binoculars. 
Therefore,  we  decided  to  use  the  keyword  “Yacho”  and  extracted  the 
videos that had been viewed >100 times as of 15 June 2022 (n = 449). 
There were too many videos that had been viewed <100 times to extract

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017674Y. Kikuchi et al.

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017673Y. Kikuchi et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention where the data repository for the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I do not have enough information to provide an accurate answer. However, some common repositories for sharing research data include Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, and GBIF. It would be best to check with the authors or refer to their published work for more details about the specific repository they used.