Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

i,

The parameter Dmin is set from a priori knowledge of the species bio-
ecology. Particularly, given P, the set of pixels where the species was
observed and U, the set of pixels where the species is known to be
absent, Dmin can be deﬁned as follows:

D

min

=

min

p P u U
,

∊

∊

d
(

)

pu

(2)

The general concepts of environmental space and environmental

neighborhood are schematically represented in Fig. 1.

Given X, the set of pixels of the study area, and S the set of sampled
pixels, the related sampling eﬀort for pixel i, denoted zi, is deﬁned as:

z

i

=

sum

w
j S ij
∊

/sum

w
k X ik

∊

(3)

pres_UNB was

uniformly

randomly

selected

and

One hundred replicates were generated for each set pres_UNB and

pres_B and for each value of k.

2.5. Parameterization of the correction methods

The knowledge found in the literature and provided by experts of
the ecology of the An. darlingi species were used to parameterize the
correction methods described in paragraph 2.1 (Table S1 summarizes
the key aspects of such parameterizations).

2.5.1. BGenv

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information about the use of a deep learning model or its specific hyperparameters like learning rate or optimizer. The text discusses the parameterization of correction methods for predicting species distributions, but it does not mention any details regarding a deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the available context.