Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

bined with other types of data in an efficient, for example in a model- 
assisted framework (e.g., Ståhl et al., 2016) or hierarchical modelling 
(e.g., Saarela et al., 2016, 2018).

3857  -  WGS  84  (Map  data  ©2015  Google)  from  QuickMapServices 
plugin in QGIS.

We evaluated the model performance utilising leave-one-out cross- 
validation, (LOOCV) approach. In the LOOCV approach, one observa-
tion at a time is extracted from the dataset and the model parameters are 
estimated  using  the  remaining  (n-1)  observations.  The  model  is  then 
applied to the extracted observation. 

3. Results 

The  GEDI  data  and  the  available  field  data  did  not  coincide 
geographically or in size. Thus, we have compared the GEDI L4A AGBD 
footprint values with AGBD estimated from the Sentinel-2 models. We 
also compared the relationship between tree height and AGBD for field 
data and GEDI data, respectively to understand the relationship between 
GEDI AGBD and height with respect to the corresponding field based 
values at the two study area. 

3.1. The relationship between tree height and AGBD for GEDI and field 
data

2.2.4. Sentinel-2 data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any explicit information about the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. However, it can be inferred that some form of data splitting was performed due to the mention of leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV), which is a type of resampling method used for evaluating machine learning algorithms.

In general, when working with datasets for deep learning model training, common practices include randomly splitting the data into three subsets: training set, validation set, and testing set. This division helps prevent overfitting by allowing the model to learn patterns from the training data while also being able to evaluate its performance on unseen data during both the training process (using the validation set) and after the final model has been trained (using the testing set).

While the exact criteria for splitting the data in this case aren't mentioned, typical approaches involve dividing the data into these subsets using percentages such as 70% for training, 15% for validation, and 15% for testing, or similar ratios depending on the size of the dataset and the requirements of the project.