Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

◦
21′N  and  39

26′E  and  111

◦
15′E  and  33

◦

◦

3. Data sources

service value to land use change through deep learning simulation in Lanzhou, 
China. Sci. Total Environ. 796, 148981. 

Loukika, K.N., Keesara, V.R., Buri, E.S., Sridhar, V., 2023. Future prediction of scenario 
based land use land cover (LU&LC) using DynaCLUE model for a river basin. Eco. 
Inform. 77, 102223. 

Luo, J., Fu, H., 2023. Construct the future wetland ecological security pattern with multi- 

scenario simulation. Ecol. Indic. 153, 110473. 

Lyu, R., Zhang, J., Xu, M., Li, J., 2018. Impacts of urbanization on ecosystem services and 
their temporal relations: a case study in Northern Ningxia, China. Land Use Policy 
77, 163–173. 

Mahajan, S., Gupta, S.K., 2021. On optimistic, pessimistic and mixed approaches under 
different membership functions for fully intuitionistic fuzzy multiobjective nonlinear 
programming problems. Expert Syst. Appl. 168, 114309. 

Nie, W., Xu, B., Yang, F., Shi, Y., Liu, B., Wu, R., Lin, W., Pei, H., Bao, Z., 2023.

CHD 

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Xianghui  Xu:  Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Soft-
ware, Writing – original draft. Weijiang Kong: Conceptualization, Data 
curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Visualization, 
Writing  –  original  draft.  Tengji  Wang:  Data  curation,  Validation, 
Visualization. Pingping Luo: Conceptualization, Validation, Writing – 
review &  editing. Jianjun Cui: Software, Writing –  review &  editing. 
Ligang Wang: Data curation, Software. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare no conflicts of interest. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgments 

The authors would like to thank the editors and the anonymous re-
viewers for their crucial comments, which improved the quality of this 
paper. 

References

This study used the GlobeLand30 global land cover data released by 
the China Centre for Basic Geographic Information. The data are based 
on 30 m multispectral remote sensing imagery (including Landsat TM5, 
ETM+ and HJ-1), ancillary data and data production to support sample 
selection, ancillary classification and other work. This study selected the 
GlobeLand30 land cover data from 2000, 2010 and 2020 as the research 
objects.  According  to  the  decision  tree  algorithm,  the  data  were  pro-
cessed and classified into six land types: cropland, woodland, grassland, 
water area, built-up area and unused area. Table 1 shows the specific 
sources  of  the  data  used  in  this  study.  In  addition,  the  data  used  for 
multiobjective planning and time series forecasting were obtained from 
the Shaanxi Province Economic Yearbook and included population, total 
output  value  of  agriculture,  forestry,  animal  husbandry  and  fisheries,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given information, it appears that the data used in the study can be requested directly from the authors. However, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available, such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline. It may be necessary to contact the corresponding author(s) for further clarification on this matter.