Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Training data

2024). To make these methods more accessible, we published the data 
used in this study, the code used in the analysis, and the trained machine 
learning model.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027073A. Cusick et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

data  and  at  inference  time.  We  used  many  different  sets  of  hyper-
parameters in YOLOv6 but found only marginal improvements; hence, 
we decided to use the default settings. Finally, we tested working with 
different  spatial  resolutions  of  the  imagery,  most  notably  including 
training runs in which the same images were used at different spatial 
resolutions. We did not find this approach to be beneficial. 

3.2. Inference method

Moreni, M., Theau, J., Foucher, S., 2023. Do you get what you see? Insights of using mAP 
to select architectures of pretrained neural networks for automated aerial animal 
detection. PLoS One 18 (4), e0284449. 

Oosthuizen, W.C., Krüger, L., Jouanneau, W., Lowther, A.D., 2020. Unmanned aerial 
vehicle (UAV) survey of the Antarctic shag (Leucocarbo bransfieldensis) breeding 
colony at harmony point, Nelson Island, South Shetland Islands. Polar Biol. 43, 
187–191. 

Peng, J., Wang, D., Liao, X., Shao, Q., Sun, Z., Yue, H., Ye, H., 2020. Wild animal survey 
using UAS imagery and deep learning: modified faster R-CNN for kiang detection in 
Tibetan plateau. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 169, 364–376. 

Pfeifer, C., Rümmler, M.C., Mustafa, O., 2021. Assessing colonies of Antarctic shags by 
unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) at South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Antarct. Sci. 
33 (2), 133–149.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors do not explicitly mention any specific preprocessing steps taken before training their deep learning models. However, they do discuss some aspects related to image processing such as testing different spatial resolutions of the imagery and using the default settings for YOLOv6 hyperparameters. They also note that they tried various combinations of hyperparameters but found only marginal improvements. Therefore, it can be inferred that the authors might have performed basic preprocessing tasks like normalization or scaling, although no explicit details are given about these processes. Additionally, since they mention using the same images at different spatial resolutions, it is likely that they may have conducted some form of image resizing or cropping during preprocessing.