Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sample with its corresponding remote sensing sequence of data. Finally, 70% of the data were used for training 
the algorithms whereas the remaining 30% were used only for validation.

Recently, some approaches have been proposed to evaluate the interpretability of deep learning  models33,34 
including methods based on model decomposition, sensitivity analysis, and feature visualisation. The relevance of 
network inputs can for example be obtained by the gradient-based sensitivity analysis (GBSA), which computes 
the prediction function squared partial derivatives with a standard gradient  backpropagation35. The Layer-wise 
Relevance Propagation (LRP)36 propagates the prediction backward in the neural network using propagation 
rules until the input features are reached. Arras et al.37 proposed a LRP for LSTM networks that provided better 
results than the GBSA on a five-class prediction task. Class activation maps were used to point out the most 
discriminative regions used by a CNN to identify a  class38.

https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74215-5

10

Vol:.(1234567890)www.nature.com/scientificreports/ 15.  Chen, Y., Lin, Z., Zhao, X., Wang, G. & Gu, Y. Deep learning-based classification of hyperspectral data. IEEE J. Sel. Top. Appl. Earth 

Observ. Remote Sens. 7, 2094–2107 (2014).

 16.  Li, W., Fu, H., Yu, L. & Cracknell, A. Deep learning based oil palm tree detection and counting for high-resolution remote sensing 

images. Remote Sens. 9, 22 (2017).

 17.  Hu, F., Xia, G.-S., Hu, J. & Zhang, L. Transferring deep convolutional neural networks for the scene classification of high-resolution 

remote sensing imagery. Remote Sens. 7, 14680–14707 (2015).

 18.  Liang, H. & Li, Q. Hyperspectral imagery classification using sparse representations of convolutional neural network features. 

Remote Sens. 8, 99 (2016).

 19.  Zhang, L., Zhang, L. & Du, B. Deep learning for remote sensing data: A technical tutorial on the state of the art. IEEE Geosci. 

Remote Sens.Mag. 4, 22–40 (2016).

These analyses help to understand the behaviour of deep learning models in agricultural applications. In par-
ticular, in the CAP activities in which payments to farmers must be well-founded, the use of classification models 
providing explainable predictions are of great interest. The conducted work not only confirm well established 
knowledge in remote sensing science but also opens the door to new studies in the field of the comprehensibility 
of deep learning algorithms in agricultural and environmental applications.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that the data was split into two parts, with 70% being used for training the algorithms and the remaining 30% being used only for validation. This means that no separate testing set was created in this case. Instead, the validation set is likely used both to tune hyperparameters during training and to estimate the final performance of the trained models. It should be noted that this approach may lead to overly optimistic estimates of the model's generalization error if the same data is used for both tuning and evaluation. Ideally, a separate holdout dataset should be reserved exclusively for evaluating the final model's performance. However, in practice, it is common to see datasets divided into training, validation, and testing sets, often with ratios such as 60%, 20%, and 20%, respectively.