Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ke, G., Meng, Q., Finley, T., Wang, T., Chen, W., Ma, W., Ye, Q., Liu, T.-Y., 2017. 
LightGBM: A Highly Efficient Gradient Boosting Decision Tree, 31st Annual 
Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS). 

Lang, M.W., Kasischke, E.S., 2008. Using C-band synthetic aperture radar data to monitor 

forested wetland hydrology in Maryland’s coastal plain, USA. IEEE Trans. Geosci. 
Remote Sens. 46 (2), 535–546. 

Li, Q., Wong, F.K.K., Fung, T., 2021. Mapping multi-layered mangroves from 
multispectral, hyperspectral, and LiDAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 258. 
Li, X., Zhao, C., Kang, M., Ma, M., 2022. Responses of net primary productivity to 

phenological dynamics based on a data fusion algorithm in the northern Qinghai- 
Tibet Plateau. Ecol. Indic. 142, 109239. 

Liu, M., Yang, W., Zhu, X., Chen, J., Chen, X., Yang, L., Helmer, E.H., 2019. An improved

The combination of multi-source remote sensing data produces large 
datasets that place new demands and challenges on the performance of

2.2. Remote sensing data 

The  remote  sensing  data  utilized  in  this  study  encompassed  GF-1 

optical imagery, GF-3 SAR imagery, and MODIS NDVI imagery. 

The  GF-1  images  used  in  this  study  were  multispectral  images 
captured with a wide-format WFV camera. The GF-1 multispectral im-
ages have four bands of blue, green, red, and near-infrared with a spatial 
resolution of 16 m. The China Centre for Resources Satellite Data and 
Application (https://data.cresda.cn) was accessed to retrieve a total of 
21  GF-1  multispectral  images  (cloud  percentage  less  than  5%)  of  the 
study area in 2020 (Fig. 3). Due to the dense cloud cover, there was no 
applicable imagery for  the  months of June,  July, or August.  All  GF-1 
multispectral images were radiometrically calibrated, corrected for the 
atmosphere, and registered.

models  and  integration  strategies.  Fu  et  al.  (2022b)  also  found  that 
XGBoost  and  LightGBM  perform  well  in  identifying  vegetation  com-
munities in karst wetlands, with the OA reaching more than 75%.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the data repository link of any deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is impossible to determine the specific link requested in the query. However, the context mentions that the GF-1 multispectral images used in the study were retrieved from the China Centre for Resources Satellite Data and Application (<https://data.cresda.cn>). This could be considered as a potential source of relevant data related to the research topic. Nevertheless, without further details regarding the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the query, it is not possible to provide a precise answer.