Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Some model parameters were modified from the default configura-
tion to balance use of resources and training speed. We retained a res-
olution of 704 × 704, batch size 64, 32 subdivisions and trained up to 
6000 iterations. Other parameters were kept to default or set according 
to guidance by the developers (https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet). 
Manual annotations were used to generate training, validation and 
testing  datasets.  Biigle  annotations  (label  name,  centre  x,  center  y, 

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017863N. Piechaud and K.L. Howell

2.5. Model selection 

CNNs are sensitive to overfitting (Domingos, 2012). Throughout the 
training process, the algorithm goes through cycles of training on the 
training set - evaluating performance on the validation set – adjusting 
CNN node weights – before repeating the entire cycle. These cycles are 
referred to as epochs or iterations when the training dataset is too large 
to  be  processed  in  one  stroke  and  needs  to  be  subdivided  in  several 
smaller batches as is the case in this study. There is an optimum number 
of iterations before the performance on the validation and training sets 
(independent data that the CNN has not seen) start to diverge as the CNN 
overfits  and  becomes  more  specialized  at  predicting  the  training  set 
while becoming less able to predict the validation set (generalization).

P100 GPU (16 GB of VRAM memory). The Colab notebook was also set 
to “high RAM session” to avoid memory limitations that could interrupt 
the training process.

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017864N. Piechaud and K.L. Howell                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

3. Results 

3.3. Size-abundance relationship 

3.1. Model evaluation and selection 

The number of iterations for which the CNN was trained has a strong 
influence on its performances as well as on the confidence it gives to its 
predictions (Fig. 2). In general, longer model training past 1000 itera-
tions tended to give higher recall but lower precision.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Throughout the training process, the algorithm monitors the model performance by going through cycles of training on the training set and then evaluating performance on the validation set. This allows the model to adjust its node weights based on the feedback received from the validation set. The goal is to find the optimal number of iterations before the performance on the validation and training sets starts to diverge due to overfitting. Overfitting occurs when the model becomes too specialized at predicting the training set while losing its ability to accurately predict new, unseen data. By monitoring the performance on both the training and validation sets, the model can strike a balance between fitting the training data and maintaining its ability to generalize to new data.