Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We further improved Waveman by modifying BatNet and opti-
mizing parameter setting of batch size. We add new kind of BNorm
layers behind the 22 convolutional layers to prevent overfitting when
we trained models using BatNet (Fig. 2C). Therefore the model
“learned” to generalize from a trend in both “known” and “unknown”
datasets rather than to maximize the performance on the “known”
datasets (usually called training datasets, Ioffe and Szegedy, 2015).
Computers can only train with small volumes of images at once as they
have too little Random Access Memory or Graphic memory. Batch size
was set to limit the image number. In this study, we set a large batch
size equal to 128, which means training with 128 images for each
iteration.

rate equaled 1e-3 (only a network called ResNet_v2 was set to 1e-5). We
trained a model using the training dataset (incl. 111,244 images) for
50–60 times using Graphic Processing Unit (GPU, Nvidia 1080ti, US)
for two hours and 10 min. After training the model contained refined
parameters and a graph which were saved for the downstream analysis.

2.2. Testing and further refinements of Waveman

We used filtered data (i.e., validation dataset in which 19,614
images were selected) to test different model and taxon bias. Then we
collected audio-files from a corridor for the 15 species to test how to
lower the misidentification and false positives. Finally, we optimized
the BatNet and collected audio from different human and natural
conditions to test the generalization of the model by recording the same
species under different conditions these audio-files are unfiltered and
were directly imported into Waveman.

2.2.1. Comparison of BatNet and other three networks

BatNet has a cascade of multiple layers of nonlinear processing units
for feature extraction from low-level features and syntheses to high-
level features (by converting data matrix shapes and synthesis the
matrix). Low-level features are some of raw data points (i.e., pixels in
images). High-level features include frequency, bandwidth, and hun-
dreds of other combined features which may have no specific meaning
in isolation. During synthesis as the data from “shallow” to “deep”
layers, the algorithm weights the features iteratively according to the
reference dataset in order to best describe call structure for specific bat
species. However, the acoustic signal synthesis with huge number of
layers usually leads to information loss to some degree (He et al., 2015).
We, thus, introduced eight shortcuts among layers in order to send
partial original information to the next layer (proposed by He et al.,
2015), which solved the information loss issue as layer number in-

Pedregosa, F., Varoquaux, G., Gramfort, A., Michel, V., Thirion, B., Grisel, O., et al., 2011.
Scikit-learn: machine learning in python. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 12, 2825–2830.
Pennell, M.W., Eastman, J.M., Slater, G.J., Brown, J.W., Uyeda, J.C., FitzJohn, R.G., et al.,
2014. Geiger v2. 0: an expanded suite of methods for fitting macroevolutionary
models to phylogenetic trees. Bioinformatics 30, 2216–2218.

Proença, V., Martin, L.J., Pereira, H.M., Fernandez, M., McRae, L., Belnap, J., et al., 2017.
Global biodiversity monitoring: from data sources to essential biodiversity variables.
Biol. Conserv. 213, 256–263.

Rich, L.N., Davis, C.L., Farris, Z.J., Miller, D.A., Tucker, J.M., Hamel, S., et al., 2017.
Assessing global patterns in mammalian carnivore occupancy and richness by in-
tegrating local camera trap surveys. Glob. Ecol. Biogeogr. 26, 918–929.

Russo, D., Jones, G., 2002. Identification of twenty-two bat species (Mammalia: chir-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about the specific deep learning framework used to build the model. Commonly used frameworks for building deep learning models include TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, and others. Without additional context, it is impossible to determine which framework was utilized in this case.