Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We then use data augmentation to estimate σARU by adding a number 
of known ‘non-detections’ with distance of NA to our dataset of detected 
or simulated calls, increasing our total number of observations M to 300 
per ARU. We used a data augmentation variable zi,j for each observation 
to indicate whether it was a true call or not, so that the total realized 
M
number of calls including false positive CNN detections (NFPi =
j=1zi,j) 
can be modelled in relation to our data augmentation parameter ψ, pi,j 
and the binary detection outcomes of each call (yi,j)(eq. 10–12). 

∑

zi,j ∼ Bernoulli(ψ)

mui,j = zi,j*pi,j

(cid:0)
yi,j ∼ Bernoulli

mui,j

)

(10)  

(11)  

(12)

Recordings were analyzed using a previously developed CNN model 
(Nolan  et  al., 2022)  trained on covey call  spectrogram data collected 
separately to this study from Di-Lane and other sites around Georgia and 
Alabama,  USA.  Our  covey  call  acoustic  CNN  is  trained  to  detect  and 
localize all covey calls per ARU during the recording period and note 
their associated time and peak power (dB). We chose to use a relatively 
conservative  score  threshold  echoing  that  of  other  similar  studies 
ˇ
Sirovi´c, 2021; Ruff et al., 2020), where only calls that 
(Rasmussen and 
received a score of 0.95 or higher were officially classified as a positive 
bobwhite detection. All CNN detections at a 0.95 score threshold from a 
random sample of five one-hour files from each year were then manually 
reviewed to evaluate model accuracy and to calculate a false positive 
rate “i.e. how many calls were incorrectly labelled as bobwhite”. Across

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

Nevertheless, an important consideration of the use of ARUs, which 
may limit their use in certain situations for density estimation, is how to 
effectively process the acoustic data collected (Gibb et al., 2019). Our 
custom  convolutional  neural  network  (CNN)  for  covey  call  detection 
proved  here  to  be  an  extremely  useful  tool  for  quick  processing  of 
acoustic data: a one hour .wav file can be processed for detections in 
approximately eight seconds (Nolan et al., 2022). However, the appli-
cation of ARUs to the surveys of other species may be limited by the 
available machine learning methods to process large quantities of data 
as efficiently. Nevertheless, CNNs in ecology are becoming increasingly 
more common, and models for the detection of many species, especially 
avian  species  (for  example  BirdNET  (Kahl  et  al.,  2021)  or  BirdCLEF 
models (Kahl et al., 2020)) are freely available for download. Models can

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit information about specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it mentions that a custom convolutional neural network (CNN) was used for covey call detection, which was trained on covey call spectrogram data collected separately from various locations in Georgia and Alabama, USA. This suggests that the dataset used for training the CNN consisted of labeled audio recordings of covey calls. Additionally, the text refers to other published models like BirdNET and BirdCLEF, but it doesn't specify the exact datasets used for those models either.