Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Model Training
Deep learning models
iteratively: generating
learn data
predictions of the training set samples, evaluating them by

3https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/tree/v4.0
4https://cocodataset.org/#home

the loss function, and modifying their parameters according
to the loss function’s gradient. Thus,
the loss declines in
each training round (aka epoch), and the model’s annotation
accuracy increases (Figure 2 and Supplementary Figure 1).
As the number of parameters of a typical deep learning
model
is large, overﬁtting is a major concern. A common
(partial) remedy is the use of validation data, which are set-
aside while training, yet their annotations by the models are
the training
monitored. The validation data help to limit
duration, thereby reducing the risk of overﬁtting. In this study
we used 30 epochs per training task, based on our validation
runs (Figure 2).
The data of

1

May 2021 | Volume 9 | Article 600931

fevo-09-600931

May 17, 2021

Time: 21:42

# 2

Gerovichev et al.

Deep Learning for Insect Ecoinformatics

INTRODUCTION

Deep Learning for Insect Ecoinformatics

data points describe the performance attained by a model that
accepts all identiﬁcations, as its Tcs is minimal (0). Such a plot
can guide users in adjusting model parameters to their needs. If
fewer detections are accepted (low recall), precision increases.

Tables 3, 4 illustrate the types of recall (Table 3) and precision
(Table 4) errors made by the model when the conﬁdence
threshold was set to 0.7. The model rarely confused between our
three focal species (gray areas in Tables 3, 4). It made some false
positive predictions, particularly for the class “Psyllaephagus”
(bold text in Table 4, not tagged by the expert but predicted
by the model). Most of the missed predictions, however, were
false negatives (bold text in Table 3, tagged by the expert but not
identiﬁed by the model).

FIGURE 2 | The training process of the YOLOv5 model. The left panel depicts the loss function that drives the learning process. This function penalizes incorrect
predictions of the three focal species as well as missed ones. The learning consists of iterative reduction of this penalty for the training set images (blue) by a
stochastic gradient algorithm (Ruder, 2016). The validation set images (red) do not participate in the optimization and the gradual reduction in their loss indicates that
the training has not reached an overﬁtting point. The validation loss stabilizes after 30 epochs, suggesting that further training might lead to overﬁtting. Thus, the
deep learning model generated by 30 training epochs was used for tests. A different perspective on the gradually improving performance of the model is provided in
the right panel. The model’s average precision (AP) improves with the number of training epochs. The plot depicts the model’s mean AP (mAP) over the three insect
classes.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer used in the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the model was trained using 30 epochs per training task, based on validation runs. Additionally, it discusses how the model uses a stochastic gradient algorithm during the learning process.