Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020454D. Rocchini et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Colour blindness 
Computational ecology 
Ecological informatics 
Mapping 
R 
Scientific communication

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Scientific maps should reach everyone: The cblindplot R package to let 
colour blind people visualise spatial patterns 

Duccio Rocchini a,b, *, 1, Jakub Nowosad c,1, Rossella D’Introno d, Ludovico Chieffallo a, 
Giovanni Bacaro e, Roberto Cazzolla Gatti a, Giles M. Foody f, Reinhard Furrer g, h, Luk´aˇs G´abor i,j, 
Marco Malavasi b, k, Matteo Marcantonio l, Elisa Marchetto a, Vítˇezslav Moudrý b, Carlo Ricotta m, 
Petra 

ˇ
Símov´a b, Michele Torresani n, Elisa Thouverai a

Obviously,  open  source  code  is  always  in  motion.  As  an  example, 
concerning point (i), an image might also be gathered via screenshot and 
sent  to  R,  e.g.  based  on  standalone  software  like  flameshot  (htt 
ps://flameshot.org/).  Moreover,  additional  and  more  sophisticated 
methods to let a function distinguish between minima and maxima in a 
rainbow colour palette like Random Forest or neural networks can be 
implemented in the cblindplot package. 

Inspiring  R  packages  have  been  devoted  to  improve  mapping  of 
various scientifically sound response variables like biodiversity (F´eret 
and de Boissieu, 2020) or species distributions (Schuetz et al., 2020a; 
Schuetz et al., 2020b). Connecting the cblindplot package with such 
libraries  would  be  an  enormous  advantage  for  colour  blind  people. 
Hence, the authors of the present paper have contacted the developers of 
such packages to implement such function in their packages. 

3.2. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if the data repository is available on platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF.