Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Utilization of deep learning tools to map and monitor biological soil crusts 

Stefan Herdy a,*, Emilio Rodríguez-Caballero c, Thomas Pock a, Bettina Weber b, d 
a Institute of Computer Graphics and Vision, Graz University of Technology, Graz, Austria 
b Department of Biology, Holteigasse 6, University of Graz, Graz, Austria 
c Departamento de Agronomia, Universidad de Almeria, Almería, Spain 
d Multiphase Chemistry Department, Max Planck Institute for Chemistry, Hahn-Meitner-Weg 1, 55128 Mainz, Germany   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Semantic segmentation 
Joint energy-based modelling 
Deep learning 
Biological soil crust 
Domain adaption 
Neural network 
Long-term monitoring

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10241716

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

For  biological  soil  crusts,  the  information  from  multispectral  or 
hyperspectral  images  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  annotation  effort,  as 
some  biocrust  organisms  have  defined  reflective  properties  in  the  ul-
traviolet  and/or  the  infrared  spectrum.  Thus,  it  is  (at  least  for  some 
organisms) useful to use multispectral or hyperspectral data as input for 
deep learning models for biocrust monitoring (Erlandsson et al., 2022). 
However,  these  approaches  are  heavily  dependent  on  cost-intensive 
airborne  data  acquisition  of  multispectral  imagery.  When  it  comes  to 
low-cost remote sensing biocrust monitoring, which is done manually by 
humans over a long time periods, the data acquisition methods and/or 
devices can change over time. It is, however, very important to consider 
that,  especially  for  image  data,  different  camera  devices  record  data 
differently,  as  some  camera  devices  perform  an  automated  post-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, based on the methodological workflow diagram (Fig. 3), we can see that the deep learning part was implemented using the Python library PyTorch. This suggests that the code might be written in Python and could potentially be found in a public repository such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. To find out if the code is publicly available, one would need to search for repositories related to the authors or the project name mentioned in the paper.