Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3.1. EfficientNet 

The first model selected is EfficientNet-B7, which is a Convolutional 
Neural Network (CNN) with efficient scaling factors (Tan and Le, 2019). 
To elaborate, all CNNs are a cascade of convolutional layers that can 
scale  the  input  image’s  resolution  (width  and  height)  and  channel 
(number  of  color  channels).  CNN  architectures  can  also  scale  by  the 
number of consecutive convolutional layers (depth).

1.  Collecting and presenting a new fish dataset in turbid waters.  
2.  Weakly  labelling  this  dataset  to  provide  the  world’s  first  weakly 

labeled fish dataset in turbid waters.  

3.  Developing two novel deep learning models to achieve two different 

goals.  
a.  A  semi-supervised  model  for  accelerating  model  development 

speed from data collection to deployment.  

b.  A  weakly-supervised  model  for  accelerating  the  development 
time,  while  also  conserving  the  accuracy,  compared  to  the  fast 
semi-supervised model.

case are weakly labeled. 

Implemented using the Keras APIs under the TensorFlow framework, 
the first self-supervised contrastive learning phase composes of a train-
able encoder, followed by a trainable projection head. The encoder takes 
a  batch  of  input  images  and  augments  them  with  random  horizontal 
flipping, random ±7o rotation, and random ±40% brightness.

Labeling Time 
Training Time 
Turnaround 

Time 
Accuracy 

Very Short 
1.0 h 

4 h 

89.4% 

Short 
6.9 h 

22 h 

94.0% 

Very Long 
~3.5 h 

94 h 

98%  

4. Discussions 

The  development  of  deep  learning  methodologies  continues  to 
advance at an astonishing rate and be applied to various applications 
ranging from biomedical (Azghadi et al., 2020), hydrological processes 
in river channels (Talukdar et al., 2023) and agricultural (Olsen et al., 
2019) systems, to marine (Laradji et al., 2021; Saleh et al., 2022b), and 
environmental (Jahanbakht et al., 2022a) sciences. The application of 
deep learning technologies has been also used in profiling the ecosystem 
services of estuarine habitats by community members (Yee et al., 2023). 
In this paper, we extend the application of deep learning methodologies 
to advance state-of-the-art underwater fish video processing techniques 
applied to turbid waters.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model is implemented using the Keras API under the TensorFlow framework. This means that TensorFlow is the primary framework used to build the deep learning model. Keras is a high-level neural networks API written in Python, running on top of TensorFlow. It was developed with a focus on enabling fast experimentation. Being able to go from idea to result with the least possible delay is key to doing good research.

Reference(s):
None