Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Genuer, R., Poggi, J.M., Tuleau-Malot, C., 2010. Variable selection using random forests. 

Pattern Recogn. Lett. 31 (14), 2225–2236. 

Global Biodiversity Information Facility [GBIF], 2023. Free and Open Access to 
Biodiversity Data. Available at: www.gbif.org. Accessed 17 March 2023.  
Goldberger, A.S., Goldberger, A.S.G., 1991. A COURSE in econometrics. Harvard 

University Press. Available at https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=sites& 
srcid=ZGVmYXVsdGRvbWFpbnxlY29ub21ldHJpY3NpdGFtfGd4OjY5NmZiMDEw 
MzMwOTQyZTk accessed 3 March 2023.  

Goldstein, B.A., Polley, E.C., Briggs, F.B., 2011. Random forests for genetic association 

studies. Stat. Appl. Genet. Mol. Biol. 10 (1), 32. 

Goring, S.J., Williams, J.W., 2017. Effect of historical land-use and climate change on 

tree-climate relationships in the upper Midwestern United States. Ecol. Lett. 20 (4), 
461–470.

correlated predictors, only a subset of variables is considered for each 
tree and the rule at each branch is constructed with a single variable 
threshold. In the case of a reduced set of two input variables, random 
forests still 1) bootstraps samples from training data, 2) selects a feature

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024068B.B. Hanberry

input variables may be desirable to represent an alternative prediction. 
True physiological tolerances of species are unspecified along with an 
unknown ability of species to compete against other species under future 
climate and land use and disturbance change, which is information not 
captured by current species samples. Although modeling is available to 
answer questions about modeling decisions, species predictions may be 
useful as an indicator of change over time but not likely to be correct. 

4.5. Sample thinning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided pieces of context do not contain any specific information regarding the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on these sources. It would require additional information or research to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other hardware resources were utilized during the training process.