Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4. Discussion

C. 

◦

2.2. Acoustic monitoring 

We  deployed  an  acoustic  recorder  (Song  Meter  SM2  recorder, 
Wildlife  Acoustics)  at  each  site.  The  Song  Meters  were  active  from  8 
June 2015 to 31 May 2016 and programmed to record (.wav format) the 
first 15 min of each hour. The sampling rate was 48 kHz, with 16 bits per 
sample resolution. The devices were checked weekly to download data 
and change batteries. A total of 32,023 15-min recordings (8006 h of 
recording) were collected (8044 at Station A, 8075 at Station B, 7782 at 
Station C, and 8122 at Station D).

is the FFT window size. We opted for a larger FFT window size, which 
should  improve  the  resolution  at  lower  frequencies  on  which  cows 
vocalize. Finally, while Karmiris et al. (2021) used the same settings for 
detecting  the  three  ungulate  species  (e.g.,  their  minimum  frequency 
introduced  for  detecting  cow  vocalization  was  much  higher,  500  Hz, 
than the mean minimum frequency measured in our dataset, approxi-
mately 250 Hz), we fitted cow-specific parameters in the model, which 
could also partly explain why our model detected a much larger number 
of cow vocalizations.

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. It only mentions the use of a deep learning model for detecting cow vocalizations but does not specify how it was implemented or deployed. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based on the given context.