Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

From each combination of values belonging to the first quarter of 
values stored in the Python dictionary, the GA generates four random 
combinations of initial values considered as input for the LS procedure 
previously described. Each best fit value stored in a single row of the 
dictionary is considered as an expected value of a Gaussian distribution, 
μ, while the associated variance is still considered as σ2  = (zμ)2. Each 
new combination of best fit values calculated during the iterations of the 
genetic algorithm is again stored in the database together with all the 
previously estimated sets of values. 

At the end of a genetic algorithm cycle, the rows of the database are 
again ordered according to the values of the sum of the residual. The 
genetic algorithm can be repeated an arbitrary number of times, but for 
simplicity we considered a nGAC = 2, that leads to a total number of nTGA 
= 2nGAC+1 ⋅ nLSF = 1536 LS fit evaluations.

The hybrid MCMC algorithm provides a series of independent chains 
containing a trace of values for each parameter to estimate. The traces 
corresponding to each chain are stored in specific text files and can be 
further analysed to obtain the final parameter values, their distribution, 
and  their  associated  uncertainty.  The  key  point  of  this  phase  of  the 
process is to evaluate if each chain provides a set of “best” values that are 
“suitable” to represent, once inserted into the model, the field dataset. In 
case different chains lead to a set of best-fitting parameters that faith-
fully represent the field data, the corresponding traces can be merged to 
obtain the final value as the mean of their values and the uncertainty as 
the standard deviation.

The second issue that is worth discussing, in light of the results, is 
related to the high variability of the field conditions. As already stated in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it does not directly discuss any techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. However, I will provide some insights about these techniques which might help you understand them better.

Stratified Splitting: It involves dividing the dataset into training and testing datasets by preserving the percentage of samples for each class. This technique ensures that both subsets maintain similar distributions of classes.

Oversampling: Oversampling increases the size of minority classes by duplicating examples from those classes. This method helps balance the dataset when dealing with imbalanced classes.

Undersampling: Undersampling reduces the size of majority classes by removing examples from those classes. Similar to oversampling, this approach aims to create a balanced dataset when there are imbalanced classes.

Diverse Data Collection: Collecting diverse data involves gathering various types of data to ensure that the machine learning models learn from multiple perspectives. This strategy improves the robustness and generalizability of the models.

In summary, the mentioned techniques like stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection aim to mitigate data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. These methods help improve the performance and reliability of machine learning models by addressing issues related to imbalance and diversity in the dataset.