Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

enables advanced search of data across the data packages in ESS-DIVE 
and  retrieval  of  the  specific  data  found  through  the  user’s  search 
query. The projects listed below are funded under the ESS program, and 
are required to submit data to ESS-DIVE for long-term stewardship. 

2.2. AmeriFlux

the best way for data producers to receive credit but are time consuming 
and  result  in  a  static  view  of  the  data.  Challenging  decisions  such  as 
defining  authorship  and  following  usage  policy  requirements  such  as 
attribution are not directly solved. In cases where usage rules for the 
integrated data are not the same, a method for unifying the data usage 
policies is needed. In our experience, treating all the data as having the 
most restrictive policy can work if the policies are compatible. That is an 
approach  we used  with FLUXNET  which  often  has  two different  data 
usage policies.

Projects like AmeriFlux, WFSFA, and NGEE-Tropics each have many 
different  teams  working  in  the  field  and  producing  large  numbers  of 
high-quality,  multi-disciplinary  data  packages.  Integrating  these 
together as one product can only be achieved if the data usage policies 
are compatible and the data producers can receive appropriate credit for 
their data. For example, when individual network datasets are included 
in the FLUXNET dataset they will be released under a FLUXNET data 
usage policy, the agreed data usage policy is a factor determining which 
regional datasets will be able to be included. When the FLUXNET data 
usage policy is incompatible with the network policy, often data can’t be 
included.  In  cases  where  the  data  are  considered  high-value  the  data 
producers are reluctant to lose the direct credit to their data. In addition, 
new data versions are uploaded regularly due to collection of new data,

A key element of data integration is enabling the use and citation of 
that  integrated  data.  In  this  paper,  we  have  considered  several  ap-
proaches (Scalable Dynamic Data Citation, data collections, data papers) 
that attempt to address some of the challenges. However, there is still a 
need  to  systematically  evaluate  the  complex  socio-technical  issues 
around data producers and data consumers. Data producers are quickly 
becoming  an  important  fabric  of  the  complex  scientific  ecosystem 
enabling  new  modeling  and  machine  learning/artificial  intelligence 

EcologicalInformatics62(2021)1012516D.A. Agarwal et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the available context.

Based on general knowledge, however, it is common to use optimization algorithms like SGD, Adam, RMSprop, or others in deep learning pipelines to minimize the loss function during training. These methods help adjust the model parameters iteratively to improve its performance.