Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5. Ensemble modeling 

and 

(Generalized 

Linear(GLM))

To  predict  the  distribution  of  the  study  species,  we  employed  an 
ensemble  modeling  approach  in  BIOMOD2  package  (Thuiller  et  al., 
2009) in R (R Development Core Team, 2014) (See text S1). With this 
approach,  we  weight  averaged  four  different  models,  including  one 
regression-based 
three 
machine-learning  (Maximun  entropy  (MaxEnt),  RF(Random  Forest), 
and  Support  Vector  Machines  (SVM))  models,  to  generate  a  final 
ensembled model for each species. To test for model performance, we 
employed cross-validationby using 70% of the dataset as training data to 
build  the  models  and  the  other  30%  as  testing  data  to  calculate  the 
models’  accuracy. The Area Under the Receiving Operator Character-
istics Curve is the index we used to specify the accuracy (AUC). AUC is a 
scale that ranges from 0.5 to 1.0. A higher AUC value indicates that the 
model  is  more  accurate  (Phillips  and  Dudík,  2008).  We  considered  a

Bio1 (Annual Mean Temperature) 
Bio4 (Temperature Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio17 (Precipitation of Driest Quarter) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
DRO (distance-to-roads) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality) 
Bio7 (Temperature Annual Range) 
DR (distance-to-rivers) 
Bio15 (Precipitation Seasonality)  

3. Results 

3.1. Model accuracy

Shirk, A.J., Cushman, S.A., Waring, K.M., Wehenkel, C.A., Leal-S´aenz, A., Toney, C., 
Lopez-Sanchez, C.A., 2018. Southwestern white pine (Pinus strobiformis) species 
distribution models project a large range shift and contraction due to regional 
climatic changes. For. Ecol. Manag. 411, 176–186. 

Singh, R., Qureshi, Q., Sankar, K., Krausman, P.R., Goyal, S.P., Nicholson, K.L., 2014. 

Population density of striped hyenas in relation to habitat in a semi-arid landscape, 
western India. Acta Theriol. 59 (4), 521–527. 

Solomon, S., 2007, December. IPCC (2007): Climate change the physical science basis. In 

Agu fall meeting abstracts (Vol. 2007, pp. U43D-01).Chicago.  

Su, J., Aryal, A., Hegab, I.M., Shrestha, U.B., Coogan, S.C., Sathyakumar, S., Ji, W., 2018. 
Decreasing brown bear (Ursus arctos) habitat due to climate change in Central Asia 
and the Asian Highlands. Ecol. Evol. 8 (23), 11887–11899.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether grid search, random search, or any other method was used for hyperparameter optimization.

Unhelpful Answer:
The hyperparameters of the model were optimized using a combination of grid search and random search methods. This ensured that the best set of hyperparameters was selected for the ensemble modeling approach.

Answer:::
Answer: Unfortunately, the provided context does not include specific details about the hyperparameter optimization process used in the ensemble modeling approach. Therefore, it cannot be determined if techniques such as grid search or random search were utilized.