Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Gap between Science and Practice, pp. 425–434. 

GBIF, 2022. GBIF Backbone Taxonomy. Checklist Dataset Orchidaceae. GBIF.org doi: 

10.15468/39omei accessed via GBIF.org on 2022-08-04.  

Gismondi, M., 2013. MOLUSCE-an Open Source Land Use Change Analyst https://2013. 

foss4g.org/conf/programme/presentations/107/.  

Guan, Z.G.S.Z.K., 2011. Leaf Anatomical Structures of Paphiopedilum and Cypripedium 

and Their Adaptive Significance, pp. 289–298. 

Hengl, T., et al., 2017. SoilGrids250m: global gridded soil information based on machine 

learning. PLoS One 12 (2), 1–40. 

Hogan, J.A., Valverde-barrantes, O.J., Ding, Q., Xu, H., Baraloto, C., 2020. 

Morphological variation of fine root systems and leaves in primary and secondary 
tropical forests of Hainan Island, China. Ann. For. Sci. 77, 1–21 (August).  

IUCN, 2022. The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Version 2022-2.

draft, Validation, Supervision, Resources, Investigation, Data curation. 
R. Vitri Garvita: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, 
Resources,  Project  administration,  Data  curation.  Popi  Aprilianti: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project 
administration,  Data  curation.  Hary  Wawangningrum:  Writing  –  re-
view &  editing, Writing –  original draft, Supervision, Project adminis-
tration, Investigation, Data curation. Elga Renjana: Writing – review & 
editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project administration, Data 
curation.  Elizabeth  Handini:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  – 
original draft, Resources, Project administration, Data curation. Melis-
nawati H. Angio: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, 
Resources, Project administration, Data curation. Elok Rifqi Firdiana: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project

Resources, Project administration, Data curation. Aninda Retno Utami 
Wibowo: Writing –  review &  editing, Writing –  original draft, Super-
vision,  Resources,  Investigation, Data curation.  Richa  Kusuma Wati: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Validation, Super-
vision,  Resources,  Investigation.  Prima  Wahyu  Kusuma  Hutabarat: 
Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, Resources, Project 
administration, Data curation. Puguh Dwi Raharjo: Writing – review & 
editing,  Writing  –  original  draft,  Visualization,  Software.  Saniyatun 
Mar’atus Solihah: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft,

CRediT authorship contribution statement

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide a direct link to the data repository for the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions GBIF (Global Biodiversity Information Facility) as one of the sources used. While there isn't a specific link to the deep learning pipeline dataset, here is the link to the GBIF dataset mentioned in the context: <https://doi.org/10.15468/39omei>. This dataset might be related to the deep learning pipeline or could have been used during its development. Please note that this is an assumption based on the available context, and further clarification would require additional information about the deep learning pipeline.