Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Capri  D.  Jolliffe:  Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Writing  –  original 
draft,  Visualization,  Validation,  Resources,  Project  administration, 
Methodology,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis.  Robert  D.  McCauley: 
Writing – review & editing, Supervision, Methodology, Funding acqui-
sition,  Data  curation,  Conceptualization.  Alexander  N.  Gavrilov: 
Writing  –  review  &  editing,  Supervision,  Software,  Methodology, 
Funding acquisition, Formal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization. 
Curt Jenner: Data curation. Micheline N. Jenner: Data curation. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10241010C.D. Jolliffe et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Data availability 

The link to the data is shared in the manuscript 

Acknowledgements

sation are outlined in Gavrilov et al. (2012).

The first vessel based visual sighting in 2010 occurred on the 21st of 
March with the last on the 28th of April. Within this period there were 
15 days on which pods were sighted, with the average number of pods 
sighted per day in this period being 0.77 (± 1.37). The first sighting of 
the 2011 visual survey was on the 12th of March with the final sighting 
on the 28th of May. Sightings occurred on 47 days in this time, with the 
average number of pods sighted per day in this time period being 1.63 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024107C.D. Jolliffe et al.

2.4. Data analysis

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query since the given information does not include any details about the code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used by C.D. Jolliffe and their team. It appears that the authors have only mentioned the roles each author played in writing, supervising, validating, and conceptualizing the research but did not share specific links or references to the code repositories they utilized. Therefore, it would be best to contact the corresponding author directly or check the full text of the paper for more detailed information regarding the code repository link.