Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Index  Terms- Convolutional  neural  networks,  bioacoustics, 

flight calls, deep learning, data augmentation. 

1.  INTRODUCTION

The  automated  classification  of  migrating  birds'  ftight  calls  has 
the  potential  to  yield  new  biologieal  insights  and  conservation  ap 
plications  for  birds  that  vocalize  during  migration.  In  this  paper 
we  explored  two  state-of-the-art classification  techniques  for large 
vocabulary  bird  species  classification  from  flight  calls:  a  "shallow 
learning" unsupervised dietionary learning  method and  a deep con 
volutional  neural  network  combined  with  data  augmentation.  The 
models  were evaluated on a dataset of 5428  ftight  calls from 43  dif 
ferent  species, and  were  compared  against  a  baseline  model  based 
on  MFCCs.  We  showed  that  the  two  models  perform  comparably, 
yielding  a  mean  classification  accuracy  of 0.94  and  significantly 
outperforming  the  MFCC  baseline  (0.85).  We  also  compared  the 
performance of the CNN model  with  and  without augmentation and

Automated c1assification of organisms to  species based on  their vo 
calizations  would  contribute  tremendously  to  abilities  to  monitor 
biodiversity, with a wide range of applications in the field of ecology. 
In  particular, automated c1assification of migrating birds'  flight calls 
could yield new biological insights and conservation applications for 
birds that vocalize during  migration.  In this paper we explore state 
of-the-art c1assification techniques for large-vocabulary bird species 
c1assification  from  flight  calls.  In  particular, we contrast a "shallow 
learning"  approach  based on  unsupervised dictionary  learning with 
a deep convolutional  neural network combined with data augmenta 
tion.  We show that the two models perform comparably on a dataset 
of 5428  flight  calls spanning 43  different species, with  both  signifi 
cantly  outperforming an  MFCC  baseline.  Finally, we  show  that  by

[17]  J.  Salamon  and  J.  P.  Bello,  "Deep  convolutional  neural  net 
works  and  data augmentation  for environmental sound  c1assi 
fication ,"  IEEE Signal Processing Leiters, In Press. 

[18]  A. Coates and A.  Y. Ng, "Learning feature representations with 
K-means,"  in  Neural Networks:  Tricks  ofthe Trade,  pp.  561 -
580. Springer, 2012. 

[19]  S.  Lloyd, 

"Least  squares  quanti zation  in  PCM," 

IEEE 
Trans.  on  Infonnation  Theory,  vol.  28,  no.  2,  pp.  129- 137, 
1982. 

[20]  I.S.  Dhillon  and  D.M.  Modha,  "Concept decompositions  for 
large  sparse  text  data  using  clustering,"  Machine  Learning, 
vol.  42, no.  1, pp.  143- 175,2001. 

[21]  S.  Dieleman and B. Schrauwen, "Multiscale approaches to mu 
sie audio feature learning," in 14th Int.  Soc.for Music Info.  Re 
trieval Conj., Curitiba, Brazil, Nov.  2013.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is not enough information provided in the given context to determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The context only mentions that the authors explored two state-of-the-art classification techniques for large vocabulary bird species classification from flight calls: a shallow learning unsupervised dictionary learning method and a deep convolutional neural network combined with data augmentation. They evaluated these models on a dataset of 5428 flight calls from 43 different species and compared them against a baseline model based on MFCCs. However, it does not mention any details about the deployment or implementation of these models. Therefore, it is impossible to provide an accurate answer to the query based solely on the given context.