Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5. Data post-processing 

Some post-processing is required to transform the result of the CNN 
into an easy accessible GIS-resource. This is primarily done to produce 
and refine the material covering southern Sweden, as well as making it 
easily  accessible  for  further  analyses.  This  process  consists  of  several 
steps. In the first step, the pixel predictions from the CNN are rounded, 

so all predictions with predicted value larger than 0.5 are considered as 
wetlands  and  all  predictions  below  are  non-wetlands.  This  creates  a 
raster over the whole map, where each pixel is either deemed to be part 
of a wetland or not. The next step is to convert this raster representation 
into a vector representation, to enable further analyses. This conversion 
is  also  conducted  to  minimise  storage  space  and  making  it  easier  to 
distribute.

Since the collection and annotation of data for the training of models, 
as  the  one  in  this  paper,  is  a  labour-intensive  process,  it  would  be 
valuable  to  perform  such  profound  investigations  and  quantify  the 
amount of data that may be needed. Another way forward, which avoids 
the labour intense labelling, would be to look for already annotated data 
that have been used for other purposes and then use that data to build AI 
models. One technique, which needs to be further investigated, in order 
to facilitate the collected data better, is to generate additional synthet-
ical  samples  from the  annotated  dataset, using  generative  adversarial 
models,  such  as  in  the  presented  work  by  Fang  et  al.  (2019)  and  Li 
(2019). In such approaches, several new samples are created in a real-
istic  way,  adding  more  variation  and  more  samples  to  the  original 
dataset. Hence, a small dataset can be extended with samples that are

overfitting. These samples are selected randomly from all areas that are 
used in the training set, and are never used to fit the model. The model is 
trained for 150 epochs and with a batch size of 128. Dropout (Srivastava 
et al., 2014) with a rate of 0.3 is used during the training to make it more 
stable. Furthermore, ADAM optimisation (Kingma and Ba, 2014) with a 
learning  rate  of  0.0001  is  used  to  find  optimal  weights  in  the  neural 
network in order to minimise the cross entropy loss between the net-
work’s predictions and the pre-labelled data.

Fig. 4. An excerpt of the map is shown in (a). The areas that are annotated as wetlands, produced by a human, is coloured with blue and shown in (c). The cor-
responding annotation that is produced by a CNN, which has not seen this part of the map during training, is shown in (d). The similarities and differences between 
these two annotations are shown in (b). Here the areas for which the human and the CNN annotations are the same are displayed in green. The areas where the CNN 
annotate the land as wetland but the human did not (false positives) is displayed in pink. Finally, the areas that the humans annotated as wetland but, the CNN did 
not recognise as such (false negatives) are displayed in orange. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web 
version of this article.)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The post-processing steps mentioned in the given context involve transforming the results of the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) into an easily accessible Geographic Information System (GIS) resource. The primary goal is to produce and refine the material covering southern Sweden and make it readily available for further analysis.

The first step involves rounding off the pixel predictions from the CNN. All predictions with values greater than 0.5 are considered as wetlands, while those below are classified as non-wetlands. This process generates a raster image where each pixel represents whether it belongs to a wetland or not.

Next, the raster representation is converted into a vector representation. This transformation enables further analysis and reduces storage space, facilitating distribution. However, no specific details about creating saliency maps, calculating metrics, or generating confusion matrices were explicitly mentioned in the provided context. Therefore, these aspects might not be directly related to the post-processing steps described here.