Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2.2. Retrieval results 

The retrieval experiments ensued the following strategy: every image 
is used as a query image and is matched with every remaining image in 
the database. Tables 6 and 7 present the retrieval performances of all the 
networks in terms of the four considered measures by choosing the top 
100 matches, i.e. η = 100, and the two chosen similarity distances. 

3.3. Deep learning vs traditional machine learning comparison 

A comparison of deep learning approaches with traditional machine

(8)  

where  dim is  the dimension  of the  feature vectors,  Ft(τ) is the τth  the 
element of the feature vector of the query image t and FDBs (τ) is the τth 
element of the feature vector of the sth  image in the database DB. 

ComputersandElectronicsinAgriculture187(2021)1062696A. Loddo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Metrics. Four performance measures, namely average retrieval pre-
cision, ARP, average retrieval rate, ARR, Fscore  and mean average preci-
sion, mAP, have been used to compare the retrieval performances. The 
mathematical  formulation  for  each  of  these  performance  measures  is 
given as follows: 

ARP =

number of relevant images retrieved
total number of images retrieved (η)

=

100
ω

∑ω

i=1

r(DBi)
η

(9)  

ARR =

We performed comparisons with the features extracted from SeedNet 
for  what  concerns  the  adaptability  of  the  traditional  features  to  the 
context  of  seed  image  retrieval.  The  same  distances  and  metric  mea-
surements already depicted in Section 3.1.2 were used. Table 9 shows 
the  retrieval  performances  of  the  HC  descriptors  in  terms  of  the  four 
considered measures, by choosing the top 100 matches, i.e. η = 100, and 
the two similarity distances, namely Euclidean and D1. 

3.4. Discussion

As expected for the retrieval task performed with deep features, the 
similarity  measure  influences  the  retrieval  performances,  and  for  our 
problem, the best one seems to be the Euclidean distance (See Table 6 
and 7). Even a little less effective than for classification, the results can 
be considered satisfying and confirm the potential use of deep learning 
techniques for retrieval tasks. Overall, our proposed model turns out to 
be the most performing among the considered networks.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. The given context does not provide any details about using methods such as grid search or random search for hyperparameter optimization. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which method was used to optimize the hyperparameters of the model based on the provided context.