Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

950 (4%) 
1110 (4%) 

Total 

24,675 
32,986  

passes over the entire training set) and a batch size of 64, with an ADAM 
(cid:0) 5. Image augmentation was applied 
optimiser and a learning rate of 10
in the form of horizontal flip, 0.2 degree counter clock wise shear and a 
random zoom between 0 and 0.2 - all leading to 224 × 244 pixel RGB 
input tensors. Data was normalised to ImageNet mean values, and the 
pixels values were rescaled in the range of [0, 1]. Model training took 
roughly 4 days. The best model was selected based on minimal valida-
tion loss that occurred at epoch 448. This model showed a training loss 
of 0.256, a training accuracy of 0.899, a validation loss of 0.298 and 
validation accuracy of 0.891. We evaluated the red kite model perfor-
mance based on an independent test set of 2060 images (as described in 
3.3). 950 of these images were true positive red kites images and the

5. Discussion 

In this study we developed a workflow which leveraged citizen sci-
ence data to extract further relevant records from social media posts in 
the  same  region.  The  workflow  functions  as  a  data  filter  enabling 
downsampling of an initially very large dataset into a human analysable 
subset - in our case containing 0.5% of the original posts. By massively 
reducing  data  volumes,  it  becomes  realistic  to  analyse  the  remaining 
data by hand to select true positives, with around one hour required for 
the  4000  or  so  candidate  posts  we  identified.  Our  workflow  thus  ad-
dresses  the  research  gap  identified  by  Burke  et  al.,  2022,  using  gen-
eralisable  methods  to  extract  target  data  from  various,  unverified 
sources to enrich data.

identified by both textual and visual analysis, we could achieve almost 
perfect  precision  (0.992),  at  the  cost  of  lower  recall.  Thirdly,  by 
combining the two approaches, we increased the extracted data volume 
by almost 14%, while still downsamping the original dataset by around 
99.5% and with a precision 0.636. Recall for the workflow overall is not 
known, since this would require manual analysis of over 600,000 posts. 
Our results thus go further than previous work by demonstrating how 
images  retrieved  using  text  and  image  metadata  can  be  combined  to 
achieve  very  high  precision,  or  merged  to  increase  recall  while  still 
filtering initial datasets very effectively. To better understand our results 
and their transferability to other species, we looked more closely at data 
quality.  Flickr  users  often  used  relevant  textual  descriptions  to  label 
their  red  kite  sightings  with  their  captured  images.  This  high  textual

In this paper we propose, implement and evaluate a workflow taking 
advantage of citizen science data documenting and recording sightings 
of birds, and more specifically red kites (Milvus milvus). Analysing social 
media data until recently has often used simple keyword-based methods 
to perform an initial filtering or search step, meaning that content tag-
ged in other ways was not found. However, improvements in content- 
based  classification  now  mean  that  it  is  also  possible  to  use  off-the- 
shelf,  pre-trained  algorithms  to  reliably  identify  predefined  classes 
such  as  presence  of  buildings,  people  or  birds  in  image  data  with 
reasonable accuracy. Our workflow uses these improvements, together 
with training data generated from citizen scientists, to identify further 
relevant sightings in a social media dataset using both textual metadata 
and  image  content.  Since  both  datasets  include  metadata  capturing

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context utilizes the ADAM optimizer with a learning rate of 10. Additionally, image augmentation techniques such as horizontal flipping, counterclockwise shearing, and random zooming are employed to improve the performance of the model. These techniques help prevent overfitting and enhance the generalization capabilities of the model. Furthermore, the input tensors are normalized to ImageNet mean values, and the pixels are rescaled within the range of [0, 1] to ensure consistent input data.