Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Modern  machine-learning  (ML)  methods  can  perform  a  variety  of 
tasks to help meet these challenges. Determining whether an animal is 
present in an image is a binary classification task that can be performed 
via machine learning to filter out false detections from a dataset. Several 
methods have been used to predict whether an image is empty, including 

measurement  of  differences  between  consecutive  images  (Price  Tack 
et al., 2016; Ren et al., 2013; Wei et al., 2020), convolutional neural 
networks (Tabak et al., 2019; Tabak et al., 2020), and ensemble learning 
(Yang et al., 2021). Alternatively, object detection models that localize 
target  objects  (animals)  within  an  image  can  be  used  to  filter  empty 
images  (Beery  et  al.,  2019).  In  contrast  to  other  techniques,  this 
approach not only identifies empty images through the absence of target 
objects, but also indicates the location of each target object within an 
image (Fig. 1).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Artificial intelligence 
Camera trap 
Data labeling 
Machine learning 
Trail camera 
Wildlife monitoring 
Bounding box

Torney, C.J., Lloyd-Jones, D.J., Chevallier, M., Moyer, D.C., Maliti, H.T., Mwita, M., 

Kohi, E.M., Hopcraft, G.C., 2019. A comparison of deep learning and citizen science 
techniques for counting wildlife in aerial survey images. Methods Ecol. Evol. 10, 
779–787. 

Vecvanags, A., Aktas, K., Pavlovs, I., Avots, E., Filipovs, J., Brauns, A., Done, G., 

Jakovels, D., Anbarjafari, G., 2022. Ungulate detection and species classification 
from camera trap images using RetinaNet and faster R-CNN. Entropy 24, 353. 

Wearn, O.R., Glover-Kapfer, P., 2019. Snap happy: camera traps are an effective 
sampling tool when compared with alternative methods. R. Soc. Open Sci. 6, 
181748. 

Wei, W., Luo, G., Ran, J., Li, J., 2020. Zilong: a tool to identify empty images in camera- 

trap data. Ecol Inform 55, 101021. 

Whytock, R.C., 

´
Swie˙zewski, J., Zwerts, J.A., Bara-Słupski, T., Koumba Pambo, A.F.,

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022574L.A. Clarfeld et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

these images can be tagged more quickly based on the context of the 
prior image and occur frequently in real-world datasets.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it discusses various machine learning methods applied to determine if an animal is present in an image, which includes measurement of differences between consecutive images, convolutional neural networks, and ensemble learning. Additionally, object detection models like RetinaNet and Faster R-CNN were mentioned for ungulate detection and species classification from camera trap images. Therefore, while no explicit dataset names are given, we can infer that the authors likely utilized custom datasets consisting of camera trap images for their research purposes.