Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

to practical ecological applications. In particular, it is crucial to provide 
results  that  indicate  how  useful  the  trained  networks  would  be  in 
practical  scenarios.  This  can  be  very  challenging  due  to  the  ease  of 
obtaining high values of commonly used metrics, such as classification 
accuracy, that do not always represent the whole picture missing some 
subtle errors on important species as detailed above.

Zhang  et  al.  (Zhang  et  al.,  2020)  (a  multi-scale  U-net  network).  The 
authors  of  this  study  explored  the  importance  of  the  different  bands 
acquired by the camera, and addressed practical aspects such as the time 
needed for annotation. However, in a similar vein to previous contri-
butions, the classes involved were easy to distinguish visually and the 
construction  of  the  testing  set  (training  set  most  likely  being  a  small 
subset of the testing set) raises questions regarding the generalization 
power of the network.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about which specific hardware resources were used for training the deep learning models mentioned. Deep learning models often require significant computational resources, including CPUs, GPUs, or even specialized hardware like TPUs (Tensor Processing Units), but without explicit mention in the text, I cannot definitively determine what was used in these cases.