Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the perceptions mentioned by hikers during their outdoor experience, 
we extracted the most frequent single words (unigrams) from Wikiloc 
posts.  The  extraction  of  unigrams  consisted  of  three  steps:  text  trans-
lation, data pre-processing, and  word frequency  counting. First,  since 
the text description included five different languages (French, English, 
Dutch,  Italian,  and  Spanish),  we  translated  all  text  descriptions  into 
English  using  DeepL  (https://www.deepl.com).  Second,  data  pre- 
processing  consists  of  using  natural  language  processing  (NLP) 
methods  to  perform  automated  text  mining  in  R,  primarily  using  the 
packages  tidytext  (Silge  and  Robinson,  2017)  and  tm  (Feinerer  and 
Hornik, 2018) for tokenization, lemmatization and English stop words 
removal based on a predefined list of common English words (e.g., and, 
the). An additional set of words such as the name of the country, towns,

The presented approach of mining crowdsourced text has in addition 
major advantages compared to examining the visual content of shared 
images as it allows access to feelings and perceptions that hikers asso-
ciate  with  landscape  features  and  outdoor  experiences,  which  are 
impossible  to  obtain  from  images.  Calcagni  et  al.  (2022)  found  that 
textual  data  allow  for  spotting  a  wider  variety  of  CES  than  could  be 
achieved solely through visual data analysis. Moreover, by using NLP 
methods  to  filter  the  words  and  to  analyze  how  the  identified  single 
words are used in combination (bi-grams), we ensured that they provide 
a positive benefit indicating a CES, which was one of the drawbacks of 
the  studies  using  single-word  classification.  Besides,  the  approach  of 
clustering is based on pre-trained word2vec models, which allowed us to 
rapidly classify words with similar meanings into topics that reflect a

Devlin, J., Chang, M.-W., Lee, K., Toutanova, K., 2018. {BERT:} Pre-training of Deep 
Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding. CoRR abs/1810.0. 

Edwards, T., Jones, C.B., Corcoran, P., 2022. Identifying wildlife observations on Twitter. 

Ecol. Inform. 67, 101500. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2021.101500. 

Egarter Vigl, L., Marsoner, T., Giombini, V., Pecher, C., Simion, H., Stemle, E., Tasser, E., 
Depellegrin, D., 2021. Harnessing artificial intelligence technology and social media 
data to support cultural ecosystem service assessments. People Nat. 3, 673–685. 
https://doi.org/10.1002/pan3.10199. 

Feinerer, I., Hornik, K., 2018. tm: Text mining package. R package version 0.7–6. Retrieved 

from. https://CRAN.R-proje. ct.org/package=tm.

Therefore, in this work, we adopted a fully featured crowdsourced 
data-driven methodology and semi-automatic approach to answer the 
following  questions:  1)  What  are  the  landscape  features  and  outdoor 
physical activities preferred and mentioned by hikers? 2) What are the 
perceptions mentioned by hikers? 3) What perceptions do hikers asso-
ciate with landscape features and outdoor physical activities? 

2. Materials and methods

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the authors utilize crowdsourced text data from Wikiloc posts written by hikers about their outdoor experiences. They extract the most frequent single words (unigrams) from these posts to understand the perceptions mentioned by hikers. To collect this raw data, the authors follow a three-step process:

1. Text translation: Since the text descriptions were available in multiple languages (French, English, Dutch, Italian, and Spanish), they first translate all text descriptions into English using DeepL (<https://www.deepl.com>).

2. Data pre-processing: Using Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods, they perform automated text mining in R, employing packages like tidytext and tm. This step involves tokenization, lemmatization, and removing English stop words based on a predefined list of common English words. Additionally, they remove specific sets of words such as the names of countries or towns.

3. Word frequency counting: After pre-processing the data, they count the frequency of each unique word (unigram) to identify the most frequently occurring ones.

Thus, in summary, the authors use crowdsourced text data from Wikiloc posts and apply various NLP techniques to gather raw data for their deep learning pipeline.