Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this paper, we present an automated framework that allows the 
monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over 
extended periods and across various time scales. The framework relies 
on the BirdNET Analyzer deep learning model (BirdNET-Analyzer, n.d.), 

* Corresponding author at: Dept. of Computer Science, Tel-Hai College, Upper Galilee 12210, Israel. 

E-mail address: yizharle@telhai.ac.il (Y. Lavner).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102528 
Received 4 October 2023; Received in revised form 12 February 2024; Accepted 15 February 2024

One  of  the  most  valuable  tools  developed  in  recent  years  is  deep 
learning models which have been used for the tasks mentioned above

Continuous  bioacoustic  monitoring  is  an  emerging  opportunity  as  well  as  a  challenge,  allowing  detection  of 
cryptic species' activity while producing high computational demands. In this paper, we present an automated 
framework that allows the monitoring of a large number of bird species by their vocalizations over extended 
periods. The framework relies on the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model. We applied the framework to >80 
species; 20 species with the highest recall scores were selected for further analysis.

2.4. The monitoring framework 

The first step in our pipeline was to divide the acoustic signals from 
the long recordings (typically of 30 min each) into 3-s segments, with no 
overlap. For each segment, we used the BirdNET-Analyzer (https://gith 
ub.com/kahst/BirdNET-Analyzer)  to  identify  the  species  present, 
extracting the top three species with the highest confidence scores. We 
applied threshold values of fixed 0.35, 0.25 and 0.15 for the first, second 
and third species in the list, respectively, to filter out predictions with 
lower  confidence  scores,  as  they  might  be  erroneous.  Usually,  in  our 
dataset, BirdNET identification confidence scores lower than 0.15 are 
false  positives. In  addition, we used  a species  specific  thresholds (see 
above). Next, we summed the number of vocalizations for each species

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine the exact criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (train, test, validation). However, it can be inferred that the BirdNET-Analyzer deep learning model has been trained using some dataset, but details about how the data was divided or what percentage was allocated for training, testing, and validation are not explicitly stated in the provided text.

Typical practices involve splitting datasets into different subsets such as training, validation, and testing sets. A common approach is to use around 70-80% of the data for training, 10-15% for validation, and another 10-15% for testing. This division helps ensure that the model generalizes well to unseen data and prevents overfitting during the training process.

Since the context does not provide explicit information regarding the data splitting criteria, I cannot give a definitive answer. It would require access to additional resources or documentation related to the BirdNET-Analyzer project to find more detailed information about its data splitting methodology.