Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

eration characterizes the locomotion of animal bodies (Shepard et al.,
2008; Wilson et al., 2008). The ACC data are processed to compute
descriptive or summary statistics to characterize the behavior during
the sampling bursts using a running window (e.g., of 5,10 or 100
consecutive readings) (Nathan et al., 2012). A few dozen summary
statistics can be used to characterize the behavioral or movement

Thorson, J.T., Haltuch, M.A., 2018. Spatio-temporal analysis of compositional data: in-
creased precision and improved workﬂow using model-based inputs to stock assess-
ment. Can. J. Fish. Aquat. Sci (In press).

Turner, B.M., Van Zandt, T., 2012. A tutorial on approximate Bayesian computation. J.

Math. Psychol. 56, 69–85.

Viterbi, A., 1967. Error bounds for convolutional codes and an asymptotically optimum

decoding algorithm. IEEE Trans. Inf. Theory 13, 260–269.

Murphy, K.P., 2012. Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective. The MIT Press,

Wang, G.M., 2009. Signal extraction from long-term ecological data using Bayesian and

Cambridge, MA, USA.

Nathan, R., 2008. An emerging movement ecology paradigm. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S.

A. 105, 19050–19051.

Nathan, R., Getz, W.M., Revilla, E., Holyoak, M., Kadmon, R., Saltz, D., Smouse, P.E.,

2008. A movement ecology paradigm for unifying organismal movement research.
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 105, 19052–19059.

neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests,
and support vector machines, and demonstrated their applications in
the supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data.
Brewster et al. (2018) applied six other supervised classiﬁers to classify
the behaviors of lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) at Bimini, Ba-
hamas using ACC data. This study will brieﬂy describe two popular
machine learning algorithms random forests and support vector ma-
chines for the introductory purpose.

(Brown et al., 2013). A key diﬀerence between the two approaches is
that unsupervised learning does not use the observations of pre-deﬁned
behaviors to label movement metrics such as step length, turning angle,
and altitude (of ﬂying birds) for classiﬁcation of general behavioral
modes such as foraging or encamping and taxi or straight, long-distance
movement. On the other hand, supervised learning has training data,
which include behavioral observation as the labels of movement me-
trics. In many cases, the labels are the predeﬁned behaviors of interest
and allow researchers to quantify the spatial and temporal distributions
of speciﬁc behaviors during daily, seasonal, or annual cycles. However,
behavioral labels or observations are almost impossible in some species
such as those living in deep water or unavailable in secretive species or
less studied species. Furthermore, supervised learning requires a vali-
dation of classiﬁcations using additional behavioral observations. The

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as flipping, rotation, scaling, etc. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful answer to this query based on the given context.