Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sample with its corresponding remote sensing sequence of data. Finally, 70% of the data were used for training 
the algorithms whereas the remaining 30% were used only for validation.

125,161

84,491

71,623

49,829

33,408

29,859

28,754

11,437

10,104

4252

TOTAL

2,398,326

Table 2.   Number of pixels identified in the in situ visits. Of those, 70% were used for training and the 
remaining 30% for validation.

unit reads the input xt , and the previous hidden state ht−1 . Their combination is modulated by an hyperbolic 
tangent as:

˜ct = tanh(Wcxt + Ucht−1 + bc),
(1)
where Wc , Uc , and bc are the input weights, the recurrent weights, and the bias, respectively. The input gate 
determines which information is stored in the memory cell by means of a sigmoid function:

it = σ (Wixt + Uiht−1 + bi),

and similarly, the forget gate decides which content of the existing memory cell is forgotten:

ft = σ (Wf xt + Uf ht−1 + bf ).

(2)

(3)

The information is updated into the memory cell by adding the information coming from both the input and 
forget gates, i.e., adding new information from ct , and rules out part of the current memory information:

When classifications are to be used for decision making such as the CAP, it is convenient not only to report 
results in terms of accuracy, but also to provide an explanation of what is internally happening in the classifier 
in order to subsequently interpret and explain the results. This lacking assessment is one of the main challenges 
DL algorithms are currently facing, since these algorithms are often seen as “black boxes” that perform high 
accuracy classifications without the operator being able to interpret what is happening in the algorithm. In this 
regard, the proposed procedure for evaluating the comprehensibility of the network revealed that the network 
mainly extracts information from the temporal evolution of the NDVI, the near-infrared (B8) and red (B4) 
bands, and the spatial information provided by ENDVI . This aspect confirms the relevance of the Sentinel-2 near

DL approaches usually outperform other (shallow) machine learning techniques in terms of overall accuracy 
(OA)24–26. However, the understanding of these techniques is  limited27, and typically, the better the learning of an 
algorithm the more difficult its interpretation  is28. This lack of interpretability is a major point to consider when 
using these algorithms. For many users it is not only important to use an algorithm that provides high accuracy 
but also to know how the algorithm is reaching the provided  predictions29. The interpretability of predictions 
becomes a critical aspect when they are used as rationale for decision making, such as in medicine, business or 
in the banking/payment  sector30–32.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't explicit information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete. However, common practices in machine learning include monitoring metrics like validation loss during training. When the validation loss stops decreasing significantly or plateaus, it can indicate that the model has learned all it can from the training data and further training may lead to overfitting. Other possible criteria could involve setting a maximum number of epochs or using early stopping methods based on performance thresholds. Without additional context, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the exact criteria used in this case.