Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025802R.K. James et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 1. Workflow used to (a) select a deep learning model, (b) develop a ground-truth imagery dataset, (c) train the deep learning models, (d & e) evaluate model 
performance and (f & g) obtain the data and analyse it to quantify the spatial patterns and resilience of the ecosystem. 

2.3. Deep learning models 

2.3.1. Semantic segmentation for vegetation mapping

training, which helped to reduce human error. Similar to the seagrass 
semantic  segmentation  model,  the  resolution  of  the  images  in  the 
ground-truth dataset was reduced to 1000 × 1333, and the three colour 
channels of the images were normalised by subtracting the means and 
dividing  by  the  standard  deviations  per  channel.  The  colour  channel 
means and standard deviations were based on the ImageNet dataset used 
in the training of the (pre-trained) RestNet-50 (the used mean values 
were [0.485, 0.456, 0.406], and the standard deviations were [0.229, 
0.224, 0.225]). The DETR model’s object queries parameter was set to 
100, allowing for the detection of up to 100 turtles in an image, which 
was sufficient for all case-study images.

By providing the tools to conduct these analyses, we aim to stimulate the uptake of deep learning for enhancing 
the data obtained from aerial imagery to improve the monitoring and conservation of natural ecosystems.

Data availability 

The deep learning and post-processing scripts along with the 2012 
aerial  imagery  and  data  output  used  in  this  study  can  be  found  at 
https://git.wur. 
nl/deep-learning-tools-for-marine-ecosystem-monitoring. 

Acknowledgments

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as using a fixed random seed value or other techniques. However, some general practices often used in deep learning pipelines include setting a fixed random seed value before running experiments to ensure reproducibility, using deterministic algorithms when possible, and employing cross-validation techniques to mitigate the effects of random initialization. In this particular context, the authors do not discuss any specific methods they use to address randomness in their deep learning pipeline.