Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

albic meadow soil

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

glen meadow soil

salinized meadow soil with soda
±soda meadow saline soils + meadow alkali soil

meadow marsh soil

humus marsh soil

peat soil

alluvial soil

meadow saline soil
soda meadow saline soil + meadow alkali soil

meadow alkali soil
meadow alkali soil + soda meadow saline soils

grass wind sandy soil

meadow aeolian sandy soil

water

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

20 of 22

References

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

Traditional means and algorithms lack the ability to quantitatively analyze the drivers and
mechanisms of LUCC, and the accumulation of massive data over the years provides the possibility of
using deep learning models for related explorations. The probability of the LU distribution can be
determined by a deep learning model. The LU probability cannot determine whether a certain LU
type exists at that time; its function is to determine the distribution probability of a variety of LU types
in a spatial unit, and the probability is the basis for the SM.

Figure 4 introduces the adopted DM. In the DM, the grid with the neighborhood features includes
the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, and distance-based variables, and all grid
units are input into the DM in series. The deep learning method can model complex spatiotemporal
dependencies, ﬁt the drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC, derive the probability maps needed for the
SM, and perform further LU simulations.

Figure 4. Deep learning module.

A multilayer perceptron (MLP) is also known as an ANN. In addition to the input/output layer,
it can have multiple hidden layers in between. The simplest MLP contains only one hidden layer,
i.e., a total of three layers, and its structure is shown in Figure 5. The MLP has full connections between
the layers. The bottom layer of the MLP is the input layer, the middle layer is the hidden layer, and the
top layer is the output layer. Assuming that the input layer is denoted by the vector X, then the output
of the hidden layer is f (W1X + b1), where W1 is the weight and b1 is the oﬀset. The commonly used
functions (f) include the sigmoid function, tanh function, ReLU function, among others.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about the availability or location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I do not know where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.