Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026194C.A. Game et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 2. Infographic of the ML workflows (CNN & CNN þ SVM) used in this study.  

VGG16 network cannot be trained, we therefore unfroze (replaced) the 
final  FC  layers  (FC2  &  FC3)  to  re-initialize  the  weights  for  training. 
Training only these FC layers enables comparison to the CNN þ SVM 
approach in which they have been replaced with an SVM classifier. We 
also reduced the number of output nodes in FC3 from 1000 (number of 
ImageNet  classes)  to  3,  to  prepare  the  CNN  to  classify  the  3  habitat 
classes. 

2.2.4. Feature extraction & visualisation

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026193C.A. Game et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Table 3 
Required steps in our ML workflows. 

aNote that the order of steps may vary with ML frameworks (i.e. pytorch, 
tensorflow) or may be achievable simultaneously. 
bGrey shading denotes model-specific steps.

Despite the resolution of the broad habitats used in this study, the 
CNN  þ SVM  approach  can  be  seen  as  a  good  option  for  ecologists 
seeking  classification  methods  that  yield  a  high  return  on  minimal 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10261912C.A. Game et al.

Pytorch (Paszke et al., 2019) ML framework for deep learning (CNNs). 
These libraries also include tools for data pre-processing, model selec-
tion and evaluation. To keep our model training and analysis pipelines 
comparable, we use skorch, a scikit-learn compatible neural network li-
brary that wraps PyTorch. This allows the same scikit-learn training and 
evaluation procedure to be used for both models. Skorch is also helpful 
for end-users in CNN training, as it has a clear and simple interface. It 
only requires end-users to add the prepared datasets, model and specify 
the associated hyperparameters (Table 4). Documentation for the entire 
machine learning pipeline can be found at (PyTorch, 2023) for Pytorch 
(Paszke  et  al.,  2019;  scikit-learn,  2023)  for  scikit-learn  and  (skorch, 
2022)  for  skorch.  Commercial  restrictions  apply  to  the  availability  of 
data  used  in  this  work.  However,  links  to  public  code  examples  of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I do not know which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model.