Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

split  data  with  the  highest  mAP50  (0.987)  for  the  prediction  of  our 
model.

Using this ideal split, a test was conducted using unprocessed data. 
This indicates that the test dataset appeared to be similar to the training 
data  because  it  consisted  of  images  of  the  extracted  clusters  without 
further processing. 

The  dataset  used  in  this  study  included  single-tree  point  clouds, 
images of single-trees, and *. csv containing the attributes used to pro-
duce the images, reference data, clusters of numbers (in two different 
point-thickness settings), labeled numbers, preprocessed images of the 
numbers, numbers from the best split, and tables containing the results 
of  our  digit  recognition  are  freely  available  under:  Doi:  https://doi. 
org/10.5281/zenodo.10663114. 

3. Results 

3.1. Classification accuracy

4.2. Number classification 

When  the  YOLOv8n  model  was  trained  exclusively  on  MNIST,  it 
failed to accurately predict or recognize the clusters. To enhance image 
recognition, preprocessing techniques, such as inpainting or thickening 
points to generate lines, can be employed. 

However, if the model was trained on our data and MNIST, the model 
was overfitted to the MNIST data and seemed to ignore the parameters 
learned  from  our  dataset.  Overfitting  occurred  because  of  the  high 
number  of  training  examples  in  the  MNIST  dataset  compared  to  our 
small test set (Table 6). Thus, Model 4, which was trained solely on our 
data,  performed  the  best  in  the  current  scenario  (Tables  6  and  7). 
Although this model performs with high precision during training, it can 

still be observed that there are many numbers that cannot be recognized 
when testing the preprocessed images (Table 8).

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)102709Availableonline29June20241574-9541/©2024TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBYlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).S. Wagner et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

on  data  collection,  feature  extraction,  and  parameter  estimation  by 
applying two major ground-based systems, stationary TLS and mobile 
laser scanning (MLS), including PLS (Bienert et al., 2021; Gollob et al., 
2020a, 2020b; Tockner et al., 2022).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The dataset used in this study, including single-tree point clouds, images of single-trees, and.csv files containing the attributes used to produce the images, reference data, clusters of numbers, labeled numbers, preprocessed images of the numbers, numbers from the best split, and tables containing the results of their digit recognition, are freely available under the following DOI: <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10663114>.