Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the guesswork out of developing a training dataset by including a group 
of pixels around a field site and knowing that the ‘truth’ is included in 
one of those pixels. Lastly, MTMI-SMF is computationally very efficient 
compared  to  most  machine-learning  algorithms  because  it  relies  on 
simple matrix multiplication.

Often,  the  challenge  with  using  machine  learning  algorithms  for 
ecology  and  conservation  applications  is  matching  training  data 
collected in the field or high spatial resolution imagery to pixels in the 
target  imagery.  The  imperfect  nature  of  training  data  can  arise  from 
several common issues. Frequently, an invader does not form dense or 
large stands on the landscape, or the phenology of the invader results in 
cover  changes  (Nagendra  et  al.,  2013;  Pettorelli  et  al.,  2014).  These 
situations typically result in a mixed pixel, which is comprised of mul-
tiple  species  or  surfaces.  To  compound  this  effect,  training  data  is 
commonly  developed  on  higher  spatial  resolution  imagery  (e.g.,  un-
manned aerial vehicles or aircraft) where the invader might be present 
in  100%  cover  but  is  often  scaled  to  the  coarser  spatial  resolution  of 
target  imagery  resulting  in  mixed  pixels  (Nagendra  et  al.,  2013;  Pet-

torelli et al., 2014). Most machine learning approaches are not designed 
to handle training data that is not ‘pure’ or 100% representative of the 
target invader (Roberts et al., 1998).

Table A.2 
Confusion matrix for RapidEye imagery using MTMI-SMF. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from 
training. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10243211S. Meerdink et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Table A.3 
Confusion matrix for Landsat imagery using MTMI-SMF. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from training. 

Table A.4 
Confusion matrix for NAIP imagery using Random Forest. Each row is an iteration of the 5 K-Folds used with values only being used on the bags excluded from 
training.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models mentioned, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot determine which hardware resources were utilized for training these models based solely on the provided text.