Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.6.3. Training process 

To fit into the network, the training set must have its data normalized 
and standardized. For the training network, the batch size was set to 32. 
The purposes for selecting 32 were to not exceed the memory limit and 
to make full use of computer resources. The optimizer used Adam pro-
cessing, and the learning ratio varied with group based on the cosine 
function’s law, often in the range between 0.0 and 1.0. The 100 epochs 
are used with an early stopping function to halt the learning process if 
there is no improvement in accuracy after 20 epochs. The loss function 
used is the cross-entropy loss function (Abd-Ellah et al., 2024). 

Lce(H, ̂

H) = Hlog

(

)

H
̂
H

+ (1 (cid:0) H)log

)

(

1 (cid:0) H
1 (cid:0) ̂
H

(4)  

where H is the desired output, Lce(H, ̂
is the predicted output. 

H) is the cross-entropy error, and 

̂
H 

Fig. 5. The experimental design flow chart.

2.4. Evaluation metrics 

During  the  cross-validation  approach,  samples  are  split  such  that 
each sample training may be used to validate the model. Increasing the 
statistical dependability of the outcomes is the major goal of this tech-
nique. There are several different cross-validation techniques, including 
k-fold, leave-one-out, and Monte Carlo methods (Abd El-Samie, 2000). 
A model’s performance was assessed using the pixel accuracy (ACC) 
and  point  of  intersection  (POI).  Every  iteration,  both  values  were 

Table 2 
Satellite band designations (Landsat-8).  

Band 

Description 

Wavelength 

Resolution 

Band 1 
Band 2 
Band 3 
Band 4 
Band 5 
Band 6 
Band 7 
Band 8 
Band 9 
Band 10 
Band 11 

Coastal/ Aerosol 
Visible blue 
Visible green 
Visible red 
Near-infrared 
Short wavelength infrared 
Short wavelength infrared 
Panchromatic 
Cirrus 
Long wavelength infrared 
Long wavelength infrared

redundancy compared to the original bands, leading to overfitting of the 
training model. However, the suggested MU-NET model can maximize 
the information from the original bands as a more effective data mining 
method, yielding outcomes that are similar to the salinity indices.

Fig. 4. The label plot for the dataset. a) The black area is nonsaline land, whereas the white area is saline land. b) The black area is non-vegetation land, whereas the 
white area is vegetation land. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026527M. El-Rawy et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Table 5 
Band combinations for the training set.  

Type 

Combinations 

Salinity 

Muti-bands 
Muti-bands + SI1 
Muti-bands + SI2 
Muti-bands + SI3 
Muti-bands + SI4 
Muti-bands + SI5 
Muti-bands + NDVI 
Muti-bands +SI1 + SI2 
Muti-bands +SI1 + SI2 + SI3 
Muti-bands +SI1 + SI2 + SI3 + SI4 

Muti-bands +SI1 + SI2 + SI3 + SI4 +
SI5 
Muti-bands +SI1 + SI2 + SI3 + SI4 +
SI5+ NDVI 

Vegetation 

Muti-bands 

Muti-bands + NDVI 

Name 

Image 
layers

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The training process uses 100 epochs with an early stopping function to halt the learning process if there is no improvement in accuracy after 20 epochs. This means that the training will continue until either it reaches 100 epochs or there is no improvement in accuracy for 20 consecutive epochs. Therefore, the criteria used to determine when training is complete are reaching 100 epochs or having no improvement in accuracy for 20 consecutive epochs.