Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

capacity  over  various  benchmark  datasets  by  adopting  a  compound 
scaling method that enlarges the network depth, width, and resolution. 
In  addition,  we  proposed  a  data  augmentation  method  to  train  the 
two-stage CNNs as a generally applicable model under various camera or 
field conditions. 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study species and site

Tan, M., Le, Q., 2019. EfficientNet: rethinking model scaling for convolutional neural 
networks. In: Chaudhuri, K., Salakhutdinov, R. (Eds.), Proceedings of the 36th 
International Conference on Machine Learning. PMLR, pp. 6105–6114. 

Tresson, P., Carval, D., Tixier, P., Puech, W., 2021. Hierarchical classification of very 
small objects: application to the detection of arthropod species. IEEE Access 9, 
63925–63932. 

Tresson, P., Tixier, P., Puech, W., Bagny Beilhe, L., Roudine, S., Pages, C., Carval, D., 

2019. CORIGAN: assessing multiple species and interactions within images. Methods 
Ecol. Evol. 10, 1888–1893. 

Valan, M., Makonyi, K., Maki, A., Vondr´aˇcek, D., Ronquist, F., 2019. Automated 

taxonomic identification of insects with expert-level accuracy using effective feature 
transfer from convolutional networks. Syst. Biol. 68, 876–895. 

Van Etten, A., 2018. You only look twice: rapid multi-scale object detection in satellite

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using a two-stage convolutional neural network to rapidly identify tiny 
herbivorous beetles in the field

To re-identify the candidate regions, we inputted outputs from the 
YOLOv4  into  the  EfficientNet.  As  mentioned  above,  there  were  eight 
types of the EfficientNet. Starting from the baseline EfficientNet-B0, the 
baseline network was scaled up from EfficientNet-B1 to B7 based on the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not include details about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It discusses the use of a two-stage convolutional neural network involving YOLOv4 and EfficientNet models for identifying tiny herbivorous beetles in the field but does not mention any specific code repository. To find out where the code repository is available, one would need additional information or resources beyond what has been given here.