Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

a) LULC  raster:  this  product  is  provided  by  the  Minist`ere  de  l’Envir-
onnement et de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques (MELCC) of 
Qu´ebec with a high spatial resolution of 10 m pixel, which includes 
land  (cropland, 
the  following  thematic  classes:  agricultural 
pastureland,  vineyards,  and  ornamental  horticulture,  etc.),  forest 
environments  (conifer,  deciduous,  mixed,  shrubland,  cuts  and 
regeneration, etc.), wetlands (bogs, swamps, meadows, ponds, etc.), 
aquatic  environments  (streams,  canals,  lakes,  reservoirs,  etc.), 
anthropogenic environments (residential, commercial or industrial, 
etc.), and bare land (strip mines, quarries, bare exposed rock, etc.) 
(see Table 1 and Fig. S1.1 in the Supplementary Material for details 
of the land cover class).

Fig. 2. Overview of the study area: Land Use / Land Cover Map (LULC) source: (MELCCFP, Q, 2022).  

Table 1 
Data types used in this study.  

Dataset 

LULC 

Temporal 
R. 

Spatial 
R. 

Data 
type 

Sources 

Annual 

10 m 

Raster 

MNT-Lidar 

– 

1 m 

Raster 

Weather data 

Daily 

2.5 km 

Raster 

Database of parcels and 
declared agricultural 
production (BDPPAD) 
Geobase of the Qu´ebec 
hydrographic network 
(GRHQ) 

Geobase Adresses Qu´ebec 

Annual 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

Vector 

Vector 

Vector 

(MELCCFP, Q, 
2022) 
(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.F, 2020) 
(Mai et al., 
2020) 
(FADQ, 2022) 

(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.d.F, 2016) 

(Minist`ere, d.r. 
n.e.d.F, 2015)  

flight time and performance. Flying time and performance is linked to 
many weather factors like temperature, wind, precipitation, solar radi-
ation, and these factors combined dictate if and when honey bees will 
take flight.

accurate  than  the  map  inform  by  literature  knowledge  information. 
Other studies have noted that reducing the pixel size from 25 m to 5 m in 
urban areas increases the value of the pollination model (Grafius et al., 
2016). Furthermore, Rayner et al. (2021) found that reducing the pixel 
size from 100 to 10 m yield the prediction of abundance of wild bees by 
43%. As a result, they recommend using the 10 m resolution pixel in an 
agricultural context to make more accurate decisions when interpreting 
the output of the crop pollination model.

IF (DistMr is UP) OR (DistSr is UP) OR (DistMWr is UP) OR (DistOWr 

is UP) THEN (DistSuit is UP). 

IF (DistMr is AP) OR (DistSr is AP) OR (DistMWr is AP) OR (DistOWr 

is AP) THEN (DistSuit is AP). 

The effective solution of our tree-based FIS in Apis-FIS, the last node 
of  our  architecture  with  two  input  Prox-FIS  and  LCWT-FIS.  For  the 
output  of  Apis-FIS,  we  used  triangular  and  trapezoidal  membership 
function  with  five  fuzzy  sets  for  the  output  with:  “very  low  suitable” 
(VLS), “low suitable” (LS), “moderate suitable” (MS), “suitable” (S) and 
“highly suitable” (HS) for linguistic variables appear in Fig. 10.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotating, scaling, etc. Therefore, it cannot be determined what data augmentation techniques were applied in the deep learning pipeline based solely on the provided context.