Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2. Fuel model retrieval 

Once the DL model is trained, a few samples of real MS point clouds 
are segmented using the methodology exposed in Section 2.3 to create a 
ground truth. This ground truth was required to validate the classifica-
tions using a DL model trained with synthetic data. As mentioned in the 
previous section, the best classification performance of the SoftGroup 
semantic branch was achieved by the MS input data case; therefore, this 
pretrained  model was  used,  and  its  efficiency was  tested  by  inferring 
these real MS point clouds (Fig. 9). In addition, these inferences on real 
MS point clouds are taken as inputs for the decision tree scheme pre-
sented in Section 2.5, where the final fuel models are retrieved. The final 
fuel model classifications are summarised in Table 3. 

4. Discussion

2.5. Fuel model retrieval 

The  fifth  and  final  step  of  the  proposed  methodology  involves 
determining  which  type  of  fuel  model  corresponds  to  the  previously 
classified MS point clouds by considering the vegetation structure and 
species response to fire. Nonetheless, regardless of the input data source, 
traditional fuel modelling approaches from most studies do not consider 
important information concerning the responses of different species to 
fire. As detailed below, this supposes an enhancement of existing fuel- 
type schemes such as the Prometheus model.

In the next section, the classifications of the real point clouds will be 
made using the MS-trained model, because it was proven that the model 
in this last experiment outperformed the previous ones, and their fuel 
type classifications will be more reliable. 

3.2. Fuel model retrieval

facing all modern AI-based algorithms is their efficiency in terms of time 
and  tensor  allocation  memory.  Therefore,  only  spatial  and  spectral

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough context provided to determine how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. The given text does not mention any specific methods like grid search or random search for hyperparameter optimization. It mainly focuses on the use of a Deep Learning (DL) model for semantic segmentation of Multi-Spectral (MS) point clouds, creating a ground truth for validation, and applying a decision tree scheme for fuel model retrieval. However, without further details about the training process or the specific techniques employed for tuning the model, we cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the optimization of hyperparameters.