Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Some model parameters were modified from the default configura-
tion to balance use of resources and training speed. We retained a res-
olution of 704 × 704, batch size 64, 32 subdivisions and trained up to 
6000 iterations. Other parameters were kept to default or set according 
to guidance by the developers (https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet). 
Manual annotations were used to generate training, validation and 
testing  datasets.  Biigle  annotations  (label  name,  centre  x,  center  y, 

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1017863N. Piechaud and K.L. Howell

Training  the  CNN  took  approximately  18  h  to  complete  the  6000 
iterations. Measuring the accuracy of the different CNNs and the effect of 
different confidence thresholds took several hours but could be further 
automated. Predictions on the 58,148 images took approximately 10 h 
however  the  training  and  predictions  phases  do  not  require  constant 
supervision and can be performed overnight or while the analysist is free 
to attend to other tasks. Finally, the calculation-intensive nature of the 
training, and to a lesser extent, prediction phases makes their duration 
largely  dependent  on  the  hardware  used  and  thus  may  vary  between 
users. Overall, the whole pipeline could be completed within one or two 
weeks (10 days) once the analysists are familiar with it. 

4. Discussion

2.5. Model selection 

CNNs are sensitive to overfitting (Domingos, 2012). Throughout the 
training process, the algorithm goes through cycles of training on the 
training set - evaluating performance on the validation set – adjusting 
CNN node weights – before repeating the entire cycle. These cycles are 
referred to as epochs or iterations when the training dataset is too large 
to  be  processed  in  one  stroke  and  needs  to  be  subdivided  in  several 
smaller batches as is the case in this study. There is an optimum number 
of iterations before the performance on the validation and training sets 
(independent data that the CNN has not seen) start to diverge as the CNN 
overfits  and  becomes  more  specialized  at  predicting  the  training  set 
while becoming less able to predict the validation set (generalization).

2.4. Model evaluation 

The testing dataset was composed of 500 manually annotated images 
from  the  same  transect  and  was  only  used  to  calculate  performances 
outside  the  Darknet  framework  by  comparing  CNN  predictions  with 
manual annotations. 

Predictions  come  as  a  .JSON  file  containing  the  coordinate  of  the 
bounding box of each tentative annotation as well as a confidence score 
ranging from 0.05 at minimum (lower confidence scores introduced too 
much  noise  and  therefore  were  not  recorded)  to  1  at  maximum.  Pre-
dictions made on the testing set were compared to the manual annota-
tion of the same images.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide explicit information about any specific preprocessing steps taken before training the deep learning model. However, some common preprocessing techniques for image data include normalization, scaling, augmentation, and cleaning. Normalization involves transforming the pixel values into a standard range, such as [0, 1] or [-1, 1]. Scaling refers to changing the dimensions of the input images to fit the requirements of the model architecture. Augmentation includes applying various transformations like rotation, flipping, zooming, etc., to increase the diversity of the training data. Cleaning might involve removing irrelevant objects or artifacts from the images. In this particular scenario, we cannot confirm which, if any, of these methods were applied without additional details.