Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

tolerance 
aggregation,  data  redundancy  management, 
handling, licenses of use and data protection, real-time queries on the

Finally, to simplify the parameters setup of each present method, a 
user-defined  data  type  paradigm  has  been  implemented  by  using 
enumeration classes. An enumeration is a special class that represents a 
group  of  symbolic  names  bound  to  unique,  constant  values  (i.e.,  un-
changeable variables). For example, the Products enum class represents a 
collection of available product names in the service. The Bands class is a 
composition of enumeration bands classes available for each product. 
Table 1 shows the methods exposed by the NasaWebServiceAPIProvider 
with the input parameters type.

execute_all() method, by which a user can get all available data in the 
NASA server for a given product and location. The call of the methods 
execute_many,  execute_all,  and  their  respective  asynchronous  versions, 

According to the NASA specification, there is a limit of a maximum of 
ten dates per request. In order to avoid this limitation, the execute_many 
() method has been implemented. The execute_many() accepts the same 

async_execute_many and async_execute_all is reported in Listings 3 and 4. 

Listing  3. Snippet  of  nasawebservice  execute_many  and  execute_all 
methods.   

input  parameters  of  the  subset()  method,  but  returns  a  lazy  iterator. 
When  nasawebservice  has  to  deal  with  large  volume  of  requests,  the 
choice to use an iterator improves the memory management for the data 
ingestion  operations.  The  same  approach  has  been  pursued  in  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, I cannot provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized because the provided context does not contain any details regarding machine learning models or optimization techniques such as grid search or random search. Therefore, it is impossible to determine how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized based solely on the given context.