Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

An ideal dataset would include a wide range of data representing all
the possible states of the modeled system (Banadkooki et al., 2020).
However, environmental processes are slow and seasonal, and can
produce repetitive datasets which are inadequate for model training.
Significant state changes are often observed only after several years of

study and larger datasets do not necessarily produce more precise
models as the use of too much data can lead to model overtraining and
precision loss (Sj¨oberg and Ljung, 1995). Additionally, water quality
datasets are composed of a large number of parameters that often
represent redundant information (Haghiabi et al., 2018; Muharemi
et al., 2019). Despite these known issues, detailed analysis of historical
variation in a dataset is rarely employed for selecting training data
subsets prior to developing predictive models. It is anticipated that their
implementation may improve the training step and, therefore, lead to
improved predictive outputs. For these reasons, analyzing historical
trends in water quality is necessary to find the most variable and
representative scenarios useful for machine learning model training.

2.6. Machine learning models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide specific details about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it discusses some general aspects related to datasets used in machine learning models, particularly those applied to water quality studies. According to the text, an ideal dataset should represent all possible states of the modeled system, but this might be challenging due to the nature of environmental processes, which are slow and seasonal, producing repetitive datasets. Moreover, using too much data could lead to model overtraining and precision loss. In the case of water quality datasets, they usually contain many parameters with redundant information. Therefore, careful selection of training data subsets based on historical variation analysis is recommended to improve the training process and achieve better predictive outputs.