Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. The prediction task

The training efficiency gain was most clearly expressed for the MAD 
(Fig. 4a), indicating the benefit of providing the baseline for the model 
to  predict  accurate  average  reflectances  across  scenes.  The  SGED-
ConvLSTM tended to improve more rapidly on the validation score with 
an  increasing  number  of  training  epochs  than  the  SGConvLSTM,  but 
started at a lower initial score. Nonetheless, SGEDConvLSTM reached its 
validation  score  plateau  considerably  sooner  (after  44  epochs)  than 
SGConvLSTM.  SGConvLSTM  continued  to  improve  on  its  validation 
score and reached its validation score plateau after 92 epochs at a higher 
final ENS than SGEDConvLSTM. 

3.2. EarthNetScore benchmarking

3. Results 

3.1. Model training efficiency 

Model  training  on  our  hardware  (NVIDIA  GTX  1080  GPU)  took 
~460  h.  The  optimization  was  stopped  once  the  validation  ENS 
repeatedly  failed  to  improve  compared  to  the  score  evaluated  from 
previous  epochs.  The  model  at  the  epoch  with  the  highest  attained 
validation  score  was  selected.  We  noted  a  significant  acceleration  of 
convergence  when  employing  the  baseline  framework,  as  shown  in

2.2. Data 

The data used here was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Chal-
lenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, or confusion matrices. However, it can be inferred that some form of evaluation was performed using the validation set during the training process, as mentioned in section 3.1. Model Training Efficiency. This evaluation likely included calculating scores based on the performance of the models, which were then used to determine the best performing model. Additionally, it appears that the optimization was stopped once the validation score repeatedly failed to improve compared to previous epochs, suggesting that some sort of metric was being tracked throughout the training process.