Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We trained a deep neural network in R (R Core Team, 2022) using the 
R-package  keras  (Chollet  et  al.,  2017),  an  interface  to  TensorFlow 
(Abadi et al., 2015) for R. We used the ResNet50 architecture (for details 
about the model architecture see He et al., 2016) with an adam opti-
mizer (Kingma and Ba, 2014). We trained the model from scratch for 55 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1021504H. B¨ohner et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Fig. 3. The camera trap developed by Soininen et al. (2015) consists of a Reconyx camera that is mounted on the ceiling of a metal box that can be entered by small 
mammals. The camera traps are protected with stones when placed in the field.

To our knowledge, our workflow is the first approach that gathers 
and  streamlines  all  steps  of  a  processing  pipeline  for  small  mammal 
camera trap images using automatic classification within one platform. 
Due to its flexibility, the workflow is especially well suited for adaptive 
monitoring programs (Likens and Lindenmayer, 2018; Ims and Yoccoz, 
2017), where monitoring targets, design and technologies are optimized 
over time. By providing R scripts, we also open the possibility for other 
ecologist to further develop the workflow and target it to their specific 
needs. Deep learning is a fast developing field (Minar and Naher, 2018) 
and as new methods, such as new model architectures, become avail-
able, they can be implemented to improve the workflow. In addition, we 
also provide R-shiny-apps, which are as flexible as R scripts, for the more 
time consuming steps of the work (quality check and correction of model

been tasks for computer scientists (Tabak et al., 2020). To facilitate the 
use of machine learning in ecology, several neural networks trained on 
large  image  data  sets  are  now  publicly  available  via  simple  user

The complete workflow is performed in the statistical software R (R 
Core Team, 2022), a programming language used by most ecologists (Lai 
et  al.,  2019).  Thus,  the  use  of  R  instead  of  python,  the  leading  pro-
gramming language for deep learning tasks (Raschka et al., 2020), will 
likely  lower  the  threshold  for  ecologist  of  implementing  automatic 
image classification in their workflows. Most available frameworks for 
automatic  image  classification  come  as  tools  with  a  graphical  user 
interface or as R packages. Such tools and packages are designed to be 
user-friendly with the aim to make machine learning models available 
for  ecologists  without  programming  experience  (Tabak  et  al.,  2020). 
However,  they  are  often  difficult  to  modify  and  researchers  are  then 
obliged to develop their own tool for their specific needs instead of using 
existing ones. Thus, we provide R-scripts for all steps of the workflow,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline. It would be best to refer back to the original source material or contact the authors directly for this information.