Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

̂
y,  of  an  arbitrary 

̂y =

1
∑n
i=1wi

∑n

i=1

yi × wi.

(7) 

In Eq. (7), n is the number of trees included in the sample at a given 
sample point, i.e. the number of sample trees. In the remainder of this 
paper, we referred to Eq. (7) as the inventory estimator. 

2.2.2. NN1 and NN2 estimators

When  applying  the  NN1  and  NN2  estimators,  we  expected  only  a 
(k)
partial  bias  reduction,  since  some  small  sample-tree  neighbours  P
i 
(Fig. 1) not very far from the sample point are neighbours in nature but 
may not have been included in the relascope sample for design reasons. 
In that case, as an alternative other neighbours are considered in the 
NN1 and NN2 calculations, which potentially contribute to a bias. 

2.2.3. NN3 estimator 

We also studied the nearest-neighbour estimator suggested by Mauro 

et al. (2017), i.e. 

̂¨y =

∑n

i=1

1
∑k

j=1wi,j

∑n

∑k

i=1

j=1

yi × wi,j.

(10)

Fig. 3. Relative root mean square error (rRMSE, Eq. 13) of the diversity indices of Table 1 over sample size, i.e. the mean number of sample trees per relascope 
sample plot in the Hirschlacke forest. Black – inventory estimator (Eq. 7), red – NN1 estimator (Eq. 9), blue – NN2 estimator (Eq. 8), orange – NN3 estimator (Eq. 10), 
green – NN4 estimator (Eq. 11). The upper index in round brackets indicates the number of nearest neighbours, k, used to estimate the corresponding diversity index. 
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

4. Discussion and conclusions 

estimated in the same surveys are not.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not contain any details about the availability of a deep learning pipeline or its code repository on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based solely on the given context.