Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The model is constructed using the EfficientNet B0 network (Tan and 
Le, 2019) which had been trained for generic image classification. The 
EfficientNet feature extraction layers are frozen (transfer learning) with 
only the weights of the final dense classification layers updated during 
training.  Training  was  conducted  within  the  Google  Collaboratory 
‘Colab’  platform  (Bisong,  2019),  using  the  Tesla  K80  GPU,  accessed 
through  cloud  computing.  An  Adam  optimizer  was  used  to  control 
gradient descent during training (Kingma and Ba, 2014), with parame-
ters set to: learning rate of 0.001, decay factor of 0.75 and a step size of 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023632E.L. White et al.

Models on Google Cloud Platform. Apress, Berkeley, CA.  

Matwin, S., 2023. Adapting deep learning models to new acoustic environments-A 
case study on the North Atlantic right whale upcall. Ecol. Informa. 77, 102169. 

Pijanowski, B.C., Villanueva-Rivera, L.J., Dumyahn, S.L., Farina, A., Krause, B.L., 

Napoletano, B.M., Gage, S.H., Pieretti, N., 2011. Soundscape ecology: the science of 
sound in the landscape. BioScience 61 (3), 203–216. 

Roch, M.A., Soldevilla, M.S., Hoenigman, R., Wiggins, S.M., Hildebrand, J.A., 2008. 

Comparison of machine learning techniques for the classification of echolocation 
clicks from three species of odontocetes. Can. Acoust. 36 (1), 41–47. 

Roch, M.A., Klinck, H., Baumann-Pickering, S., Mellinger, D.K., Qui, S., Soldevilla, M.S., 
Hildebrand, J.A., 2011. Classification of echolocation clicks from odontocetes in the 
Southern California bight. J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 129 (1), 467–475.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

One size fits all? Adaptation of trained CNNs to new marine 
acoustic environments 

Ellen L. White a, *, Holger Klinck b, Jonathan M. Bull a, Paul R. White c, Denise Risch d 
a School of Ocean and Earth Science, University of Southampton, UK 
b K. Lisa Yang Center for Conservation Bioacoustics, Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Cornell University, NY, USA 
c Institute of Sound and Vibration, University of Southampton, UK 
d Marine Science Department, Scottish Association of Marine Science, Oban, UK   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bioacoustics 
Deep learning 
Domain adaptation 
Marine acoustics 
Marine mammal detection 
Soundscapes

is fine-tuned on training sets of differing sizes, from the unseen site, to understand the adaptability of a network 
to new marine acoustic environments. Fine-tuning with a small sample of site-specific data significantly improves 
the performance of the CNN in the new environment, across all classes. We demonstrate an improved perfor-
mance in area-under-curve (AUC) score of 0.30, across four classes by fine-training with only 50 spectrograms 
per class, with a 5% improvement in accuracy between 50 frames and 500 frames. This work shows that only a 
small  amount  of  site-specific  data  is  needed  to  retrain  a  CNN,  enabling  researchers  to  harness  the  power  of 
existing pre-trained models for their own datasets. The marine bioacoustic domain will benefit from a larger pool 
of global data for training large deep learning models, but we illustrate in this work that domain adaptation can 
be improved with limited site-specific exemplars.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided in the given context about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without further details, it cannot be determined exactly where the code repository resides.