Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The current study deals with two different analysis. First, we inves-
tigated  the  applicability  of  a  neural  network  based  semantic  image 
segmentation on biocrust image data to enable an automated biocrust 
monitoring over different ecosystems and over long periods of time. And 
finally, in order to improve the problem of insufficient transferability of 
deep learning models between datasets obtained with different camera 
sensors(with  different  sensor  construction,  sensor  size  and/or  resolu-
tion), different device settings (with different aperture, field of view and 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024172S. Herdy et al.

For  biological  soil  crusts,  the  information  from  multispectral  or 
hyperspectral  images  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  annotation  effort,  as 
some  biocrust  organisms  have  defined  reflective  properties  in  the  ul-
traviolet  and/or  the  infrared  spectrum.  Thus,  it  is  (at  least  for  some 
organisms) useful to use multispectral or hyperspectral data as input for 
deep learning models for biocrust monitoring (Erlandsson et al., 2022). 
However,  these  approaches  are  heavily  dependent  on  cost-intensive 
airborne  data  acquisition  of  multispectral  imagery.  When  it  comes  to 
low-cost remote sensing biocrust monitoring, which is done manually by 
humans over a long time periods, the data acquisition methods and/or 
devices can change over time. It is, however, very important to consider 
that,  especially  for  image  data,  different  camera  devices  record  data 
differently,  as  some  camera  devices  perform  an  automated  post-

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

mated segmentation approaches were not sufficient, so a manual image 
annotation  was  indispensable.  However,  once  a  dataset  of  a  specific 
location and community has been created and the deep learning model 
has been trained on it, it is very easy to process large amounts of image 
data and the model can be used for subsequent timesteps. Compared to a 
manual  assessment  of  the  monitoring  points,  the  deep  learning-based 
evaluation  of the  biocrust  images provides an  accurate quantification 
of the individual taxa. This allows a precise analysis of large amounts of 
data, e.g. obtained at monitoring points. Thus, changes in the biocrust 
composition can be accurately quantified over time and/or location.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The current study utilizes various methods for collecting raw data in its deep learning pipeline. For biological soil crusts, the information from multispectral or hyperspectral images is used to reduce the annotation effort. Some biocrust organisms have defined reflective properties in the ultraviolet and/or the infrared spectrum, making it useful to use multispectral or hyperspectral data as input for deep learning models for biocrust monitoring. However, these approaches are heavily dependent on cost-intensive airborne data acquisition of multispectral imagery.

When it comes to low-cost remote sensing biocrust monitoring, which is done manually by humans over long time periods, the data acquisition methods and/or devices can change over time. Different camera devices record data differently due to factors such as sensor construction, sensor size, resolution, aperture, field of view, and automated post-processing. In the case of biological soil crusts, automated semantic image segmentation approaches were not sufficient, so a manual image annotation was necessary. Once a dataset of a specific location and community has been created and the deep learning model has been trained on it, it becomes easier to process large amounts of image data.

Therefore, the methods utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline include both high-cost airborne data acquisition of multispectral imagery and low-cost manual image collection using various camera devices.