Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

loads  within 

Fig.  1. The  framework  of  the  equitable  nutrient  reduction  decision  support  tool  developed  in  this  study.  EJ:  environmental  justice.  USLE:  Universal  Soil  Loss 
Equation. BOD: Biochemical oxygen demand. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024963S. Kamanmalek and N. Alamdari

filter, WQ inlets, weekly street sweeping, wet pond, and wetland detention. Bars with gray outlines and white filling represent BMPs for which efficiency data was 
not available.

44,654 

59,277 
68,290 
90,767  

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024968S. Kamanmalek and N. Alamdari                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Fig. 5. Geospatial distribution of developed environmental justice indices color-coded based on quartile classification, with approximately 1270 census tracts per 
class. (a) Racial/ethnicity index. (b) Socioeconomic index. (c) Social vulnerability index (SVI) which is the incorporation of all sociodemographic metrics. 

3.4. Equitable nutrient reduction decision support tool

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Advancing equitable stormwater management: A decision support tool 
integrating best practices for nutrient removal and environmental justice 

Sara Kamanmalek , Nasrin Alamdari * 

Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Nutrient 
Stormwater best management practices 
Environmental justice 
Total phosphorus 
Total nitrogen 
And environmental equity

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly mention the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (train, test, validation). However, common methods include using a random split, stratified sampling, or time series split depending on the nature of the dataset. It would be necessary to refer to the specific methodology section of the research paper or documentation for more details.