Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ditional  methods  (Farinha- Marques,  Lameiras,  Fernandes,  Silva,  & 

automatically  based  on  the  annotated  training  data  provided. 

Guilherme, 2011). This inhibits our ability to conduct the large- scale 

Convolutional Neural Networks, CNNs (or Deep learning) (LeCun, 

assessment that is necessary for understanding urban ecosystems.

Bengio,  &  Hinton,  2015)  can  even  choose,  based  on  the  annota-

Ecoacoustic surveying has emerged as a useful method of large- 

tions in the training dataset, the features that discriminate different 

scale  quantification  of  ecological  communities  and  their  habitats 

classes  in  datasets  without  being  specified  a  priori,  and  can  take 

(Sueur  &  Farina,  2015).  Passive  acoustic  recording  equipment  facil-

advantage of large quantities of training data where their ability to 

itates the collection of audio data over long time periods and large

Supporting Information section at the end of the article.

How to cite this article: Fairbrass AJ, Firman M, Williams C, 

Brostow GJ, Titheridge H, Jones KE. CityNet—Deep learning 

tools for urban ecoacoustic assessment. Methods Ecol Evol. 

2019;10:186–197. https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.13114

FAIRBRASS et Al. 2041210x, 2019, 2, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13114 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

methods for preprocessing spectrograms before they are used in 

were repeated independently for CityBioNet and CityAnthroNet 

ML; for example, whitening (Lee, Pham, Largman, & Ng, 2009) and 

to  predict  the  presence/absence  of  biotic  and  anthropogenic 

subtraction of mean values along each frequency bin (Aide et al., 

sound in every 1 s chunk throughout the audio file, allowing each 

2013). CNNs are able to accept inputs with multiple channels of 

chunk to be categorised into one of four states (Figure 2).

data, for example, the red, green, and blue channels of a colour 

7.  Summarise: Where appropriate, the chunk-level predictions were 

image. We exploited the multiple input channel capability of our 

summarised to gain insights into trends over time and space. For 

CNN by providing as input four spectrograms each preprocessed 

example,  predicted  activity  levels  for  each  half-hour  window 

using  a  different  normalisation  strategy  (see  Supplementary

dataset  was  randomly  selected  from  the  remaining  sites  so  that 

while the  remaining 0.86 s is spent running the networks.

FAIRBRASS et Al. 2041210x, 2019, 2, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13114 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseMethods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

    |  191

(a)

(b)

(c)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes passive acoustic recording equipment to collect raw data over long time periods and large spatial scales. The specific type or model of the recording equipment is not mentioned in the given context. However, it is clear that the collected data consists of audio files containing information about ecological communities and their habitats. These audio files serve as the primary source of data for further processing and analysis using deep learning techniques such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs).

In summary, the method employed for collecting raw data in this deep learning pipeline involves the use of passive acoustic recording equipment to gather audio data over extended periods and vast areas.