Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 4. Module 2 model diagram.  

differentiate  samples  with  the  help  of  the  addition  of  s.  More  specif-
ically,  the  network  will  tend  more  to  differentiate  between  simple 
samples and less to complex samples when the s value is smaller. For 
data with a complex distribution like the face of a sika deer, it is typically 
desired  that  the  data  should  be  not  just  separable  across  classes  in 
feature space, but also more importantly-compact within classes for data 
with a complicated distribution. Only by keeping the class compact, a 
more robust decision result for samples with large intra-class variation 
can be derived.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023346H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Table 1 
Machine configuration information table.  

Projects 

Content 

Central Processing Unit 
Memory 
Video card 
Operating System 
CUDA 
Data Processing 

Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-7700K CPU @ 4.20GHz 
32G 
NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN Xp 
Ubuntu 5.4.0-6ubuntu1 ~ 16.04.5 
Cuda8.0 with cudnn 
python2.7, OpenCV, TensorFlow  

12. Experimental parameter settings

an improved SoftMax function to speed up training to improve robust-
ness. This function makes the data in the feature space not only inter-
class separable but also intraclass compact so as to achieve the purpose 
of  increasing  the  interclass  distance  and  decreasing  the  intraclass 
distance.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023348H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 7. Module 1 and the bulk of ViT.  

Fig. 8. Results of the model experiments.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023349H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 9. Comparison of three different activation functions.  

Fig. 10. A comparison of two distinct SoftMax functions.  

get  a  substantial  number  of  differential  data.  The  dataset  should  be 
enhanced to generate more data and solve the overfitting issue.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details on how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized, such as using methods like grid search or random search. However, based on common practices in machine learning, these optimization techniques could have been used to find the best set of hyperparameters for the model. Grid search involves trying all possible combinations of hyperparameter values from specified ranges, while random search randomly selects combinations within those ranges. Other methods include Bayesian Optimization, which uses probabilistic models to guide the search process. Without explicit information about the optimization method used, we can only infer that one of these methods might have been employed.