Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

specimens,  our  species-level  coverage  was  still  limited;  therefore,  we 
focus on algorithm performance at the genus level, for which we were 
able  to  gather  large  enough  samples  of  specimens  and  pictures.  We 
follow  the  currently  accepted  systematic  arrangement  for  the  Tri-
atominae (Monteiro et al., 2018), with all our bugs falling into one of the 
three genera to which the main vectors of human Chagas disease, from 
the USA to Argentina, all belong – Triatoma, Panstrongylus, and Rhodnius 
(WHO,  2002).  Our  assessment  shows  that  convolutional  neural  net-
works can identify these major triatomine genera with very high accu-
racy  using  low-resolution  pictures  taken  with  ordinary  cellphone 
cameras, irrespective of the angles or positions at which the bugs were 
photographed.  This  result  paves  the  way  for  ‘hybrid’  entomological 
surveillance systems  combining  human  taxonomic expertise  with  ma-

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024309V.L. de Miranda et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024307V.L. de Miranda et al.

convolutional neural networks. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Sys. 25, 1106–1114. 
Leite, G.R., dos Santos, C.B., Falqueto, A., 2011. Influence of the landscape on dispersal 
of sylvatic triatomines to anthropic habitats in the Atlantic Forest. J. Biogeogr. 38, 
651–663. 

Lent, H., Wygodzinsky, P., 1979. Revision of the Triatominae (Hemiptera, Reduviidae), 
and their significance as vectors of Chagas’ disease. Bull. Am. Mus. Nat. Hist. 163, 
123–520. 

Marsden, P.D., 1984. Selective primary health care: strategies for control of disease in the 

developing world. XVI. Chagas’ disease. Rev. Infect. Dis. 6, 855–865.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used by V.L. de Miranda et al. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. It would be best to contact the authors directly or check any related publications for more details about the code repository.