Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

Footprint  identification  technology  (FIT)  is  an  emerging  non- 
invasive tool in wildlife conservation that has been adapted for a wide 
variety  of  species  such  as  white  rhino,  Ceratotherium  simum  (Alibhai

Investigation,  Methodology,  Software,  Validation,  Visualization, 
Writing –  original draft, Writing –  review &  editing. Remi Murdoch: 
Data curation, Writing – review & editing, Methodology. Zoe C. Jewell: 
Conceptualization,  Funding  acquisition,  Investigation,  Methodology, 
Writing – review & editing. Sky K. Alibhai: Conceptualization, Formal 
analysis, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Methodology, Validation, 
Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgements

We  used  a  stepwise  variable  selection  procedure  with  the  p-value 
serving as the decisive factor (threshold of 0.05) to select the variables 
that had the best discriminating power based on their F-ratios. We used 
linear  discriminant  analysis  to  generate  a  discrimination  line  (2  vari-
ables) or hyperplane (>3 variables) depending on the number of vari-
ables  in  the  resulting  model  to  classify  species  or  sex.  To  quantify 
uncertainty  in  classification,  we  then  generated  bands  of  uncertainty 
around  this  discrimination  hyperplane.  We  assigned  values  that  fall 
within these bands a probability value (p) indicating a level of certainty 
about the classification using a logistic regression model, as in Eq. (1) 

p =

1
1 + e(cid:0) 1

2 f ( x)

(1)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not mention any specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which frameworks were used to build the deep learning model from the provided context.