Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Algorithms 

We used five machine-learning algorithms based on three different 
principles: a pre-trained convolutional neural network (AlexNet); three 
boosting-based  classifiers  (AdaBoost  Adaptive  Boosting,  Gradient 
Boosting,  and  Histogram-based  Gradient  Boosting);  and  a  linear 
discriminant  model.  Here,  we  briefly  describe  the  characteristics  of 
these algorithms and the inputs that they require; further details can be 
found in the references provided below. 

The  architecture  of  AlexNet  (‘AN’  hereafter),  which  includes  five 
convolutional  layers  and  three  fully-connected  layers,  has  60  million 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024302V.L. de Miranda et al.

database into training (80%) and testing sets (20%), and then trained and tested a convolutional neural network 
(AlexNet,  AN);  three  boosting-based  classifiers  (AdaBoost,  AB;  Gradient  Boosting,  GB;  and  Histogram-based 
Gradient Boosting, HB); and a linear discriminant model (LD). We assessed identification accuracy and speci-
ficity with logit-binomial generalized linear mixed models fit in a Bayesian framework. Differences in perfor-
mance across algorithms were mainly driven by AN’s essentially perfect accuracy and specificity, irrespective of 
picture angle or bug position. HB predicted accuracies ranged from ~0.987 (Panstrongylus, dorsal-oblique) to 
>0.999  (Triatoma,  dorsal-flat).  AB  accuracy  was  poor  for  Rhodnius  (~0.224–0.282)  and  Panstrongylus 
(~0.664–0.729), but high for Triatoma (~0.988–0.991). For Panstrongylus, LD and GB had predicted accuracies

(pseudo-)replicates) to the full dataset (see Supplementary Dataset S1). 
Those 85 results are not mutually independent, and the random-effects

maximize  among-class  relative  to  within-class  variance,  thus  maxi-
mizing  class  discrimination (Fisher,  1936).  In  the  context of  machine 
learning,  these  ‘linear  discriminant  functions’  are  computed  during 
training and then used to assign test instances to their most likely class 
(Tharwat et al., 2017).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide information about the techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline such as stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, or diverse data collection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the given context.