Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

3.  ConvNeXt (Liu et al., 2022): This architecture was presented as the 
convolutional answer to the current trend in transformer-based ap-
proaches. In particular, the authors claimed that recent advances in 
network  training  since  the  introduction  of  ResNet  were  the  real 
reason behind the improved performance of self-attention. To prove 
their hypothesis, they presented an improved architecture on top of 
ResNet  following  new  developments  such  as  the  use  of  new  nor-
malisation techniques, better activation functions and other tweaks 
to the architectural design. 

3.3.2. Data augmentation

To  evaluate  current  advancements  in  the  field,  we  compared  the 
ResNet network to three newer architectures with either new processing 
blocks  (i.e.  self-attention)  or  improved  parameter  optimisation  and 
modern network design. Even though it is considered the current state of 
the art in image classification, the ViT network failed to improve on the 
results of ResNet. Nonetheless, a different transformer-based approach, 
the  Swin  network,  and  a  ResNet  evolution,  ConvNeXt,  clearly  out-
performed ResNet with around a 5% improvement: 77.18% and 76.20% 
accuracy, respectively.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention specific preprocessing steps like normalization, scaling, or cleaning. However, it does discuss the importance of annotating data and generating careful annotations for training the model. It also mentions the use of an independent dataset for testing the network after training. These processes could involve some form of preprocessing, but the exact methods are not specified in the given information.