Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

and TensorFlow 2.5.0 (https://www.tensorflow.org) libraries, and all

statistical analyses were conducted with R 4.1.0 (R Core Team, 2021).

Between-datasets classification

For the between-dataset prediction, the CNN model was trained with

RE SU LT S

a source dataset to predict images from a different target dataset. The

NN was trained with N images randomly selected from the source

Performance of within-dataset classification

dataset, which was then used to predict all images of the target data-
set and AccT and ΔAcc were measured. We ran the above procedures
for three source–target pairs (training dataset!predicted dataset),
GH!LH, GH!LL and LL!LH. These settings simulate two alternative
scenarios: (i) a global image database is used to predict local samples
(GH!LH and GH!LL) and (ii) conventional

images, as

those

Effects of datasets and the number of images

The accuracy of within-dataset classification and the effect of the

LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y. & Hinton, G. (2015) Deep learning. Nature, 521(7553),
436–444. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1038/nature14539
Mukhoti, J., Kulharia, V., Sanyal, A., Golodetz, S., Torr, P.H.S. & Dokania, P.
K. (2020) Calibrating deep neural networks using focal loss. Advances
in Neural Information Processing Systems, 33, 15288–15299. Available
from:
https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/hash/aeb7b30ef
1d024a76f21a1d40e30c302-Abstract.html

Noguerales, V., Meramveliotakis, E., Castro-Insua, A., Andújar, C.,
Arribas, P., Creedy, T.J. et al.
(2021) Community metabarcoding
reveals the relative role of environmental filtering and spatial pro-
cesses in metacommunity dynamics of soil microarthropods across a
mosaic of montane forests. Molecular Ecology in press. Available
from: https://doi.org/10.1111/mec.16275

offering high numbers of images per taxon, which is more difficult to

200 images in each of the three datasets used here. However, the

obtain locally, although it is critical for increasing the performance of

degree of accuracy is greatly affected by the image quality and the

the CNN-based classification (Figure 2; Donahue et al., 2013; Valan

complexity of the dataset: both the LL (low image quality) and in

et al., 2019, 2021).

(a)

(b)

F I G U R E 6

Prediction probabilities for the successful, failed and out-of-distribution predictions at a 0.95 threshold (horizontal line). (a) Intra-
dataset predictions of LH images using 400 randomly selected images for training. (b) Predictions of LH images using 800 GH images for training.

imaging procedure. An algorithm for domain adaptation, domain adversarial training of neural

networks (DANN), significantly improved the prediction performance of models trained by

non-standardized, low-quality images. Our findings demonstrate that existing databases can

be used to train models and successfully classify images from unexplored biota, but the imag-

ing conditions and classification algorithms need careful consideration.

K E Y W O R D S
biodiversity assessment, bulk sample, coleoptera, convolutional neural network, domain adaptation,
image classification, machine learning

I N T R O D U C T I O N

Biological

identifications

increasingly rely on machine learning

algorithms that use photographic images to place unidentified speci-

Tomochika Fujisawa and Víctor Noguerales contributed equally to this study.

mens into a taxonomic classification. As these methods are proving to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The text mentions that the deep learning model uses the TensorFlow library version 2.5.0. It does not explicitly mention any other specific deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or others. Therefore, based on the given information, we can conclude that TensorFlow is one of the frameworks used to build the deep learning model.