Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Lunga  et  al.  (2020)  presented  a  new  remote  sensing  data  flow 
(RESFlow) to an advanced ML for computing huge amount of remotely 
sensed images. The important role is separating huge amount of data for 
homogeneous distribution to fit easier modules. Nguyen et  al. (2020) 
proposed  a  new  multi  temporal  high  spatial  resolution  classification 
technique using an innovative spatio temporal spectral DNN for locating 
paddy fields at the pixel level for an entire year and temporal instances. 
Boulila et al. (2021) proposed a new distributed DL based method for 
classifying the big remote sensing images. Particularly, they proposed an 
RS-DCNN for managing image classification. The initial phase is to make 
the  training  dataset  for  RS-DCNN.  Later,  for  ensuring  a  data  parallel 
training  on  Apache  Spark  architecture,  a  pixel  based  CNN  module 
through the big data cluster is executed by BigDL. 

3. Materials and methods 

3.1. Dataset used

During  the  classification  process,  the  VAE  model  gets  executed  to 
assign proper class labels to the applied satellite images. Autoencoder 
(AE) is a kind of NN which is trained to replace the input with the output. 
It includes a hidden layer h to define a code employed for input repre-
sentation. The network comprises of an encoder function z = f(x) and 
decoder function r = g(z), where x denotes the input data. The mean-
ingful features from the AE by the constraint that the z to have lower 
dimensions compared to x. The code of the AE which is lesser than the 
input  dimensions  are  known  as  under  complete.  The  learning  of  the 
undercomplete  depiction  enforces  the  AE  in  capturing  the  important 
characteristics of the training data. The VAE is a directed network which 
makes  use  of  learned  approximate  inferences  and  undergoes  training 
using gradient approaches. For generating a sample from the model, the

satellite image classification using deep learning approach. In: Machine Learning 
and Data Mining in Aerospace Technology. Springer, Cham, pp. 165–186. 
Li, L., Zhou, Y., Xie, J., 2014. A free search krill herd algorithm for functions 

optimization. Math. Probl. Eng. 2014. 

Li, Y., Chen, R., Zhang, Y., Zhang, M., Chen, L., 2020. Multi-label remote sensing image 
scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural 
network. Remote Sens. 12 (23), 4003. 

Liu, Q., Basu, S., Ganguly, S., Mukhopadhyay, S., DiBiano, R., Karki, M., Nemani, R., 

2020. Deepsat v2: feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image 
classification. Remote Sens. Lett. 11 (2), 156–165. 

Lunga, D., Gerrand, J., Yang, L., Layton, C., Stewart, R., 2020. Apache spark accelerated 
deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics. IEEE J. Select. 
Topics Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 13, 271–283.

September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International 
Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, 
pp. 383–391. 

Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The materials and methods section does not explicitly mention the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred from the context that the data format used is likely to be images, specifically satellite images. This is because the text discusses the application of Variational Autoencoders (VAE) and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) in assigning proper class labels to satellite images during the classification process. Both VAE and CNN are commonly used for processing image data. Therefore, it can be concluded that the data format used in this deep learning pipeline is most likely image data, specifically satellite images.