Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.  According to the cloud architecture, GEE is a SaaS (Software-as-a- 
service). This translates into services (e.g., available datasets, allo-
cated resources, implemented algorithms, export data formats, and 
so on) entirely managed by Google and not (or hardly) modifiable by 
the single user. For instance, in GEE deep learning analysis can be 
performed  using  Tensorflow,  a  machine  learning  and  artificial  in-
telligence  open-source  framework  developed  by  the  Google  Brain 
team (Abadi et al., 2016). Although Tensorflow is one of the leading 
machine  learning  frameworks,  this  excludes  the  possibility  of 
employing different open-source machine learning systems such as 
PyTorch primarily developed by Facebook AI Research lab (FAIR) 
(Ketkar and Jojo, 2021), Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit (CNTK) (Seide 
and Amit, 2016), Caffe of the University of California, Berkeley, US 
(Jia et al., 2014) or novel algorithms for deep learning (Zhu et al.,

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024336A. Montaghi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

library allows the user to query the NASA service to discover all products 
available  for  a  given  reference  date.  This  is  done  by  the  availa-
ble_products_by_date() method, which returns the list of all products along 
with their availability. This allows users to optimize the pipeline for data 
download by limiting requests to available products.

execute_all() method, by which a user can get all available data in the 
NASA server for a given product and location. The call of the methods 
execute_many,  execute_all,  and  their  respective  asynchronous  versions, 

According to the NASA specification, there is a limit of a maximum of 
ten dates per request. In order to avoid this limitation, the execute_many 
() method has been implemented. The execute_many() accepts the same 

async_execute_many and async_execute_all is reported in Listings 3 and 4. 

Listing  3. Snippet  of  nasawebservice  execute_many  and  execute_all 
methods.   

input  parameters  of  the  subset()  method,  but  returns  a  lazy  iterator. 
When  nasawebservice  has  to  deal  with  large  volume  of  requests,  the 
choice to use an iterator improves the memory management for the data 
ingestion  operations.  The  same  approach  has  been  pursued  in  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the information provided, it appears that the text discusses the capabilities and limitations of the NASA Web Service API Provider within the nasawebservice package. However, there is no explicit mention of the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning models, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the hardware resources employed for training the deep learning model.