Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ensemble models, while the other 20 % was used to validate each model
to obtain individual optimized model hyperparameters. The optimiza-
tion algorithm adopted was the Optuna (Akiba et al., 2019), which
employs complex optimization algorithms to automatically search the
hyperparameter space for the greatest combination of hyperparameters
that minimizes the mean squared error.

Fig. 6. Distribution of SVR hyperparameters after 1000 samplings. (Left columns are without chlorophyll-a sensor values, while the right column represents the
scenario with sensor values).

rarely affects the estimation of model hyperparameters in the manually
sampled datasets, probably due to lack of enough data to support the

enhance learning of peak values as compared to that of the manually
sampled data.

4.2. Hyperparameter tuning

For tuning purposes, the model structures were same as described in
Table 3, with the manually sampled chlorophyll-a as output for the
manually sampled scenarios and the continuous regression derived
laboratory chlorophyll-a was the output for the high frequency data
scenario. Using different random training datasets to develop the models
enabled the realization of optimized parameters using the Optuna
package. The multi-modal nature of some of the distribution of the pa-
rameters indicates several peaks that provide a good trade-off between
performance and computational cost. The distribution of the parameters
slightly varies with each modeling scenario. For RF_w/o_Sensor, the
modal n_estimators observed was 20, which increases to 50 in the RF_w/
o_Sensor_cont. This shows the need for more regression trees to be

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027359I. Busari et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not explicitly mention the specific hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as learning rate or optimizer. However, it is mentioned that the ensemble models were developed using Support Vector Regressor (SVR) and Random Forest (RF) algorithms. The hyperparameters for these models were obtained through optimization using the Optuna package, which employs complex optimization algorithms to find the best combination of hyperparameters that minimize the mean squared error. The figure included in the context suggests that the hyperparameters for SVR include C, epsilon, gamma, and kernel. Additionally, the text mentions that the number of estimators (n\_estimators) was one of the hyperparameters for the RF models. Unfortunately, there is no explicit mention of the learning rate or optimizer used in this study.