Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

method  to  estimate  the  model  parameters  directly  from  field  data,  where  experimental  activities  are  less 
expensive and less time consuming. In this study we propose a combination of least squares methods via genetic 
algorithms to preliminary evaluate the best parameter values and Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach to obtain 
their distribution. The algorithm has been tested in the special case of Drosophila suzukii, to quantify part of the 
parameters  of  an almost  validated model in  two  steps:  i) a first pseudo-validation  using perturbed  numerical 
solutions, and ii) a validation using real field data. The results highlighted the potentialities of the algorithm in 
estimating model parameters and opened several perspectives for further improvements from both the compu-
tational and experimental point of view.

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

2.4. Computing tools 

All the calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific 
computing centre of the Universit`a degli Studi della Tuscia. The system 
provides  for  two  Hewlett  Packard  Enterprise  (HPE)  ProLiant  DL560 
Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with: four processors Intel Xeon Gold 
5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads; and 512 GB of RAM. The two nodes 
worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package 
Ray,  version  1.9.2.  All  the  scripts  and  dataset  to  fully  reproduce  the 
results of this work are publicly available at https://github.com/lucar 
os1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo. 

2.5. Preliminary analysis with perturbed numerical solutions and given 
parameters

estimation via MCMC is usually the MLE estimation of the parameters. 
Although  these  two  methodologies  are  based  on  different  mathe-
matical backgrounds, their joint use can be of great help in the model 
parameters estimation from field data. This study proposes a workflow 
that can be applied to most physiologically based models existing in the 
literature. The basic idea is to use the LS method to preliminary explore 
the  space  of  the  parameters  via  genetic  algorithms,  providing  a  pre-
liminary optimization of the parameter values. Then, the MCMC algo-
rithm  will  tune  the  parameter  estimation,  providing  the  statistical 
distribution  and,  accordingly,  the  uncertainty  associated  with  every 
single parameter. For the sake of exposition, we will apply the algorithm 
to the model of Rossini et al. (2022a, 2021a) in two steps: i) a first step 
concerning  a  theoretical  test  on  perturbed  numerical  series,  and  ii)  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information about the specific deep learning model being used or any details regarding its hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, I cannot provide accurate information on the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model. Please provide more context or details about the model so I can give a helpful response.