Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

URL. https://medium.com/sentinel-hub/improving-cloud-detection-with-machine- 
learning-c09dc5d7cf13 (accessed 4.14.22).  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203216

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wetlands 
Wetland use intensity 
East Africa 
Ecosystem health 
Earth observation 
Sentinel-2

played in Table 3, so that the overall proportion of the complete dataset 
can be described as representative of land use classes in the study area. 
An overview of the plot locations is presented in Fig. 4.

The  GEE  platform  provides  readily-processed  s2cloudless  cloud 
probability data for the complete Sentinel-2 time series, which employs 
standard values for the s2cloudless processor model variables (Skakun 
et  al.,  2022).  However,  the  user  can  still  define  thresholds  for  cloud 
probability, near-infrared (NIR) reflectance for cloud shadow detection, 
and the maximum distance from cloud edges to search for cloud shadow 
when applying the s2cloudless algorithm on a Sentinel-2 time series in 
GEE,  A  buffer  parameter  lets  the  user  define  cloud  edge  dilation 
(Braaten, 2020). As this time series included relatively cloudy images, 
the minimum cloud probability threshold was set to a comparably low 
value of 20%. A maximum NIR value, the maximum distance for cloud 
shadows, and buffer parameters of 0.15, 1 km, and 50 m, respectively, 
yielded good cloud and cloud shadow masking results.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware were utilized during the training process based solely on the available information.