Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

may cause improved model performance (Belgiu and Dr˘agut¸, 2016). A 
grid search was used to find the best ntrees (i.e., 500 trees).

Souza  et  al.,  2020).  Furthermore,  as  ML  methods  are  prone  to  over- 
fitting  and  the  curse  of  dimensionality,  decreasing  the  feature  space 
dimension using intelligent feature selection techniques can be another 
interesting topic of study. 

Declaration of Competing Interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

Acknowledgement

artificial neural networks (ANN) (Silveira Kupssinskü et al., 2020; Maier 
and Keller, 2019), and extreme machine learning (Peterson et al., 2018) 
became  popular  for  developing  semi-empirical  models.  They  provide 
intelligent  ways  of  eliminating  irrelevant  spectral  wavelengths  while 
unraveling  the  complex  relationship  between  response  and  predictor 
variables  with  limited  assumption  and  prior  knowledge  (Saberioon 
et al., 2020; Chen et al., 2022).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of specific optimization techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) being applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, it does mention that a grid search was used to find the best number of trees (i.e., 500 trees) in the Random Forest algorithm, which is a type of ensemble learning method often used in machine learning pipelines. Grid search is a hyperparameter tuning technique that involves an exhaustive search through a manually specified subset of a hyperparameter space of a learning algorithm. It is often used with other optimization techniques like cross-validation to improve the performance of machine learning models. Therefore, while the context does not directly address the use of optimization techniques in the deep learning pipeline, it does suggest the application of optimization techniques in the broader machine learning process.