Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tions of the training data, and the gap between these and the test
data on which the developed algorithms will be evaluated.28

or in terms of certain traits, for example, toward species that are
typically considered more photogenic due to large colorful
ﬂowers or leaves. Search terms could be modiﬁed to either focus
on a speciﬁc sub-group, e.g., searching using scientiﬁc names,
or to exclude non-target images, e.g., excluding images that
include the words ‘‘show’’ or ‘‘garden’’ in their metadata. Finally,
high-level image classiﬁers could be trained to remove images
that are clearly not plants, for example, removing images of an-
imals, paintings. High-level classiﬁers developed to separate im-
ages that contain plants from those that do not, without looking
to identify species, could be used to ﬁnd images worthy of further
examination in large datasets that do not have metadata (such as
titles and descriptions),
removing the need for keyword
searches, such as that used in this study.

of interest to anyone considering this approach to generating new data.

the Pl@ntNet user community (currently 1.8 million user accounts). At the time
of writing, the CNN architecture used is the inception model49 extended with
batch normalization.50 The network is pre-trained on the commonly used Im-
ageNet dataset and ﬁne-tuned on Pl@ntNet data. Pl@ntNet currently covers
30,261 species illustrated by more than 2.9 million images. The taxonomic
coverage of our study is therefore one to three orders of magnitude larger
than previously published studies making use of automated species identiﬁca-
tion for ecological research. The training of Pl@ntNet CNN requires the mobi-
lization of a high-performance computing infrastructure and expertise in deep,
distributed, and large-scale learning. Thus, the resulting classiﬁcation tool is in
itself a major advance in biodiversity data science.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the CNN architecture used is the Inception model, which has been extended with batch normalization. This suggests that some form of data normalization was employed during the training process. Additionally, the text discusses the use of high-level image classifiers to filter out irrelevant images, indicating that image processing techniques were utilized. While the exact methods like flipping, rotating, or scaling are not mentioned, they may still have been part of the overall pipeline. Unfortunately, based solely on the provided context, I cannot confirm the specific data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline.