Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The relational schema of CASE’s database is shown in Fig. A.18. CASE is based on a concept of Task, i.e., a questionnaire that must be fulfilled by a 
User (i.e., an on-field operator). Each task is composed by a set of Questions, categorized in different types (e.g., multiple answers, date picker) each 
composed by a set of predefined Answers (one of which could be an open answer, defined by the user when selecting the Given answer). The 
dynamic aspect of CASE’s questionnaires lies in the association of each possible answer with a different one to be shown next. Thus, users fulfilling the 
same task may follow different paths of questions depending on the given answers. This enables a customized and efficient user experience, as detailed 
questions on a given topic may be asked only if such a topic has been mentioned by the user. Instances of tasks (i.e., Task on geo-object) are

In the following, we disclose all the details of the main data platform 
components, starting with the presentation of all data sources (Section 
3.2.1)  and  continuing  with  the  integration  and  enrichment  processes 
(Section 3.2.2), the validation and loading processes (Section 3.2.3), and 
concluding with the analytical fruition (Section 3.2.4). 

3.2.1. Data sources

The schema is obtained with a data-driven approach, i.e., by choosing the weekly H. halys captures as the fact of interest, then following the 

functional dependencies coded within the integrated schema, and finally validating the result during a meeting with domain experts.

3.2.4. Analytical fruition 

The provisioning of analytical capabilities often builds on multidi-
mensional representations of the data, which offer efficient support to 
query  answering  (Golfarelli  and  Rizzi,  2009).  To  this  end,  a  multidi-
mensional spatial cube called Captures is created in the Access tier. 
The schema of the cube is shown in Fig. 6 using the conceptual DFM 
notation (Golfarelli and Rizzi, 2009). Full details about the interpreta-
tion of the conceptual model are disclosed in Appendix A.3.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided information, there is no explicit mention of any specific deep learning framework being used for building the deep learning models, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the given context which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model.