Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

individuals	by	training	deep	learning	models	to	predict	diving	in	European	shags,	

common	guillemots	and	razorbills.	We	validate	our	predictions	using	withheld	data,	

producing	 quantitative	 assessment	 of	 predictive	 accuracy.	 The	 variables	 used	 to	

Handling	Editor:	Jana	McPherson

train	these	models	are	those	recorded	solely	by	the	GPS	device:	variation	in	longi-

tude	and	latitude,	altitude	and	coverage	ratio	(proportion	of	possible	fixes	acquired	

within	a	set	window	of	time).

3.	 Different	combinations	of	these	variables	were	used	to	explore	the	qualities	of	differ-

ent	models,	with	the	optimum	models	for	all	species	predicting	non-diving	and	diving	

behaviour	correctly	over	94%	and	80%	of	the	time,	respectively.	We	also	demonstrate	

the	superior	predictive	ability	of	these	supervised	deep	learning	models	over	other	

commonly	used	behavioural	prediction	methods	such	as	hidden	Markov	models.

predictor	as	missed	fixes	may	be	indicative	of	diving	and	the	models	

review)	 that	 remains	 largely	 unutilised,	 not	 only	 for	 seabirds	 but	 for	

trained	with	coverage	alone	were	in	the	top	four	for	all	three	species.	

other	 taxa	 as	well.	The	 robust	 deep	 learning	 models	 presented	 here	

Indeed	for	razorbills,	all	the	top	models	included	coverage	as	an	input.	

may	be	used	on	much	of	this	historical	GPS	data	in	order	to	determine	

It	should	be	noted	that	the	coverage	was	calculated	over	a	window	

foraging	locations,	providing	valuable	insight	into	patch	use	variation	

of	10	possible	points	(1,000	s),	whereas	the	window	the	model	pre-

over	time	and	indicating	seabird	responses	to	environmental	change.	

dicted	dives	in	was	50	points	(5,000	s).	This	implies	that	there	is	some	

Accurately	mapping	these	sites	is	key	for	identifying	candidate	MPAs	

interaction	 between	 the	 coverage	 over	a	 10-	point	window	within	 a

Received:	30	June	2017  |  Accepted:	13	October	2017
DOI:	10.1111/2041-210X.12926

R E S E A R C H   A R T I C L E

Predicting animal behaviour using deep learning: GPS data 
alone accurately predict diving in seabirds

Ella Browning1,2  | Mark Bolton3 | Ellie Owen4 | Akiko Shoji5 | Tim Guilford5 |  
Robin Freeman2

1Centre	for	Biodiversity	and	Environment	
Research,	University	College	London,	London,	
UK

2Institute	of	Zoology,	Zoological	Society	of	
London,	London,	UK

3RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Sandy,	Bedfordshire,	UK

4RSPB	Centre	for	Conservation	Science,	
Inverness,	UK

5Department	of	Zoology,	Oxford	University,	
Oxford,	UK

Correspondence
Ella	Browning
Email:	ella.browning.14@ucl.ac.uk 
and
Robin Freeman
Email:	robin.freeman@ioz.ac.uk

Funding information
Natural	Environment	Research	Council,	Grant/
Award	Number:	NE/L002485/1

Abstract

1.	 To	 prevent	 further	 global	 declines	 in	 biodiversity,	 identifying	 and	 understanding	 key

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of their deep learning models, Browning et al. conducted several measures. They trained these models using different combinations of variables such as variation in longitude and latitude, altitude, and coverage ratio. This allowed them to explore the qualities of different models and select the optimum ones for all species. These optimum models produced behavioral predictions with high accuracy, correctly predicting non-diving and diving behaviors over 94% and 80% of the time, respectively. Furthermore, they demonstrated the superior predictive ability of these supervised deep learning models compared to other commonly used methods like hidden Markov models. However, the text does not explicitly mention specific techniques such as diverse datasets, cross-validation, or stratified splitting to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning models.