Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(continued on next page) 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025264J.M. Durden et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Table 1 (continued ) 

Component 

Field name 

Description 

Allowed values 

DarwinCore term 

Ecological Metadata Language 
term 

image- 
documentation- 
versions* 
image- 
documentation- 
biologicaldata* 
image- 
documentation- 
publications* 

Reference(s) to archived related 
versions of imagery (e.g., raw image 
set, processed/curated image set) 
Reference(s) to archived biological 
data extracted from this image set 
(e.g., OBIS dataset) 
Publications of studies based on this 
target population (e.g., peer- 
reviewed journal article, 
government report) 

DOI 

DOI 

DOI 

associatedReferences  

associatedReferences  

associatedReferences

in satellite and aerial images with deep learning. Sci. Rep. 9, 14259. 

Hampton, S.E., Strasser, C.A., Tewksbury, J.J., Gram, W.K., Budden, A.E., Batcheller, A. 

L., Duke, C.S., Porter, J.H., 2013. Big data and the future of ecology. Front. Ecol. 
Environ. 11, 156–162. 

Hartman, S.E., Bett, B.J., Durden, J.M., Henson, S.A., Iversen, M., Jeffreys, R.M., 
Horton, T., Lampitt, R., Gates, A.R., 2021. Enduring science: three decades of 
observing the Northeast Atlantic from the Porcupine Abyssal Plain Sustained 
Observatory (PAP-SO). Prog. Oceanogr. 191, 102508. 

Hill, J., Wilkinson, C., 2004. Methods for Ecological Monitoring of Coral Reefs: A 

Resource for Managers. Australian Institute for Marine Science. 

Horton, T., Marsh, L., Bett, B.J., Gates, A.R., Jones, D.O.B., Benoist, N.M.A., Pfeifer, S.,

CRediT authorship contribution statement

A general description of the aims 
and objectives of the study, as they 
pertain to biology and method 
scope. This should define the 
primary and secondary data to be 
measured and to what precision. 
A description of the target organisms 
for observation, and any biological 
or methodological constraints (e.g., 
taxonomic level of identification, 
size-based, behaviour, mode of life, 
sex, life-stage, etc.) 
Link to target species in WoRMS 
(those within scope, not just those 
found) 
Scope of observations: quantitative, 
semi-quantitative and/or qualitative 

Planned type of quantification

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The table does not provide information about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the specific code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this research.