Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

93 

Keywords: Biodiversity - Computer vision - 
Convolutional  neural  networks  -  Plant 
species - Deep learning. 

INTRODUCTION 

science,

Training 

We  train  the  proposed  deep  CNN-LSTM 
regressively with the learning time gradually 
decreased. The model was based on the pre-
trained  model  [38]  and  was  trained  to 
classify plant species  and therefore identify 
the new incoming unknown species. The loss 
was taken as the sum of the firing rates of the 
error  neurons  in  the  zeroth  pixel  layer.  A 
random 
search  was 
performed  over 
fourth-  and  fifth-layer 
models  of  the  leaf  features  positions.  Our 
model consists of 20 layers with 3 by 3 filter 
sizes  of  all  convolutions  and  stack  size  per 
layer  of  (1,32,64,64,128,256).  The  initial 

hyperparameter 

training  rate  is  set  to  0.001  dropped  by 
learning ratio of 10 after every 60 epochs.  

Softmax 

The proposed system uses k-way softmax 
classifier to classify image to one among k 
plant species. The loss due to this 
architecture is given by

LeCun,  Y.,  Bottou,  L.,  Bengio,  Y.  & 
Haffner,  P.  1998.  Gradient-based 
learning 
document 
recognition.  Proc.  IEEE  6  (11),  227-
2324. 

applied 

to 

Loffe,  S.  &  Szegedy,  C,  2015.  Batch 
Nomalization: 
deep 
network training by reducing internal 
covariate 
preprint: 
1502.03167. 

accelerating 

arXiv 

shift. 

Purohit  S.,  Viroja  R.  &  Gandhi  S.  2016. 
Automatic  plant  species  recognition 
learning 
technique  using  machine 
approaches. 
International 
IEEE 
Conference on Computing & Network 
Communications. 

Sermanet,  P.,  Eigen,  D.,  Zhang,  X., 
Mathieu, M., Fergus, R. & LeCun, Y., 
Intergrated 
2014. 
recognition, 
and 
Detection 
convolution 
using 
networks. In: International conference 
on learning Representations. 

Localization 

Overfeat: 

Simonyan, K. & Zisserman, A., 2014. Very 
for 
deep  convolutional  networks 

103

propagation  of  the  tensors  along  the  skip 
connections.  The  proposed  network  learnt 
around 100K parameters to  detect  the type 
of leaf image and if it belongs to  a  certain 
class,  which  is  comparatively  less  than  the 
existing  deep  learning  approaches  reported 
in  the  literature.  Because  of  this  least 
number  of  parameters,  we  performed  data 
augmentation to allow for in deep features to 
be  extracted  and 
to 
accurately  identify  the  classes.  We  also 
performed  benchmark  experiment  with  the 
three  state-of-the-art  approaches  of  plant 
species  recognition.  The  empirical  results 
indicate that the proposed CNN-LSTM was 
able to  classify the particular class  of each 
image  with  an  accuracy  of  95%  far  better 
than all the three combatants. This indicates 
that the proposed system could be expanded 
to  support  an  integrated  plant  species 
identification  system  to  operate  in  real 
ecosystem services.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide the exact code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this study. The text only provides details about the methodology, architecture, and performance of the proposed deep learning model but does not mention any specific links to code repositories such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. It would be best to contact the authors directly or search for related publications from them to find out more about the availability of their source code.