Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Fully automatic system for fish biomass estimation based on deep 
neural network 

Tianye Zhang a, b,c, d, Yuqiao Yang d, Yueyue Liu a, b, c, d, Chenglei Liu e, Ran Zhao a, b, c,d, 
Daoliang Li a,b,c, d, Chen Shi a, b, c, d, * 
a National Innovation Center for Digital Fishery, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
b Key Laboratory of Smart Farming Technologies for Aquatic Animal and Livestock, Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, China Agricultural University, Beijing 
100083, China 
c Beijing Engineering and Technology Research Centre for Internet of Things in Agriculture, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
d College of Information and Electrical Engineering, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
e Mingbo Aquatic Co., Ltd, Laizhou, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

There is no doubt that low-quality images will increase the workload 
of  image  processing,  requiring  more  complex  algorithms.  Obtaining 
high-quality  images  through  a  fully  automated  biomass  estimation 
method, without any manual intervention, can significantly reduce the 
workload  for  humans.  To  decrease  the  need  for  manual  intervention, 
Ravanbakhsh et al. (2015) implemented a deep learning technique that 
automatically detected and identified the head and mouth of Southern 
Bluefin tuna that were cultured in deep-sea cages. The head and mouth 
of the fish in specific positions within the underwater stereo images were 
accurately recognized using the Haar classifier. Although this technique 
efficiently  decreases  manual  processes,  achieving  fully  automated 
acquisition  of  biomass  information  is  still  lacking  in  certain  aspects. 
Fernandes et al. (2020) combined computer vision with deep learning

In the view of all the foregoing challenges and issues, this study aims 
to  investigate a deep  neural network-based  approach for high-quality 
images  acquisition  and  fully  automated  estimation  of  free-swimming 
fish  biomass.  This  approach  effectively  addresses  the  challenges  of 
preprocessing  fish  images,  such  as  fish  body  occlusion,  overlapping, 
conglutination,  bending  and  non-orthogonal  imaging  angles.  Further-
more, DLT has been increasingly utilized to tackle the issue of real-time 
detection  of  free-swimming  fish  (Jalal  et  al.,  2020;  Labao  and  Naval, 
2019; Stavelin et al., 2021). Most studies have focused on fish detection 
and  species  classification  in  underwater  environments  with  complex 
backgrounds,  but  the  acquired  underwater  video  imagery  cannot 
generate three-dimensional or point cloud data (Jalal et al., 2020; Sal-
man  et  al.,  2019).  This  is  the  first  study  to  integrate  fish  posture

Gao, H., Yuan, H., Wang, Z., Ji, S., 2019. Pixel transposed convolutional networks. IEEE 
Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 1 https://doi.org/10.1109/TPAMI.2019.2893965. 

Huang, I.W., Hwang, J.N., Rose, C.S., 2016. In chute based automated fish length 

measurement and water drop detection. In: Paper Presented at the International 
Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing (ICASSP). 2016 IEEE 
International Conference on. IEEE, pp. 1906–1910. 

Jalal, A., Salman, A., Mian, A., Shortis, M., Shafait, F., 2020. Fish detection and species 
classification in underwater environments using deep learning with temporal 
information. Eco. Inform. 57, 101088 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
ecoinf.2020.101088. 

Jeong, S., Yang, Y., Lee, K., Kang, J., Lee, D., 2013. Vision-based automatic system for 
non-contact measurement of morphometric characteristics of flatfish. J. Electr. Eng. 
Technol. 8 (5), 1194–1201. https://doi.org/10.5370/JEET.2013.8.5.1194.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide explicit details about the specific datasets used in their deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions several related works that use various datasets for different purposes. For instance, Gao et al. (2019) discuss pixel transposed convolutional networks, while Huang et al. (2016) present a method for automated fish length measurement and water drop detection. Additionally, Jalal et al. (2020) focus on fish detection and species classification in underwater environments using deep learning with temporal information. These studies may utilize popular datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet, depending on their objectives and requirements. Nevertheless, without further information from the authors, we cannot definitively state which datasets were employed in their research.