Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the U-Net model is the labeling of each pixel in the training data. Abundant data are needed
for training deep neural networks of at least 1000 image samples. In such cases, a pretrained
network can reduce the amount of training data needed [47]. The U-Net implemented
within arcgis.learn had a ResNet-50 backbone that was pretrained on ImageNet.

7 of 29

The quantity of training data derived from ground data collection in 2018 was limited.
A U-Net implemented with Keras produced a low training and testing accuracy with
segmentation results on testing data differing between repetitions. Implementing a U-Net
model within the arcgis.learn module of the ArcGIS API for Python [39] removed the
requirement for a quantitatively massive dataset. Additionally, the U-Net implemented
through argis.learn is pretrained on ImageNet to further improve classiﬁcation accuracies.
This reduces the time and resources spent on ground truth data collection. Hyperparameter
tuning was done to select the best U-Net model [31,34,40]. Based on hyperparameter
optimization, it was found that the best model uses an input patch size of 64 × 64 pixels
and a ResNet-50 backbone [31,34,40].

2.4. Support Vector Machine (SVM)

worldwide should consider the needs of the local human population. As such, future conservation efforts by the MFG include improving human health and recognizing the importance of people-oriented strategies in order to provide cash crops and a sustainable food source for the locals. Machine/deep learning has been far advanced in some application domains; how-ever, challenges exist for remote sensing applications especially for tropical forest moni-toring due to in part the lack of sufficient training data representing various biomes and forest types globally that must be manually created and in part the challenges of manag-ing and analyzing big satellite data at the global scale. We presented a fully automated deep learning model in this paper which can be applied to any part of the world. Taking Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3495

Spatio-contextual Information. Eur. J. Remote Sens. 2014, 47, 389–411. [CrossRef]

47. Marmanis, D.; Datcu, M.; Esch, T.; Stilla, U. Deep Learning Earth Observation Classiﬁcation Using ImageNet Pretrained Networks.

IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Lett. 2016, 13, 105–109. [CrossRef]

48. Tsai, Y.H.; Stow, D.; Chen, H.L.; Lewison, R.; An, L.; Shi, L. Mapping Vegetation and Land Use Types in Fanjingshan National

49.

50.

Nature Reserve Using Google Earth Engine. Remote Sens. 2018, 10, 927. [CrossRef]
Sidike, P.; Sagan, V.; Maimaitijiang, M.; Maimaitiyiming, M.; Shakoor, N.; Burken, J.; Mockler, T.; Fritschi, F.B. dPEN: Deep
Progressively Expanded Network for mapping heterogeneous agricultural landscape using WorldView-3 satellite imagery. Remote
Sens. Environ. 2019, 221, 756–772. [CrossRef]
Jensen, J.R. Introductory Digital Image Processing: A Remote Sensing Perspective, 3rd ed.; Prentice-Hall: Upper Saddle River, NJ, USA,
2005.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. It would be necessary to refer to the original research article or contact the authors directly to obtain this information.