Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Network (CNN) architecture is proposed, designed, and tested, which eventually gave much better
accuracy than the BIOCLIM model. Both of the models were given 16 input parameters, including
ecological and atmospheric variables, which were statistically resampled and were then utilized
in establishing the linear and nonlinear relationship to better ﬁt the occurrence scenarios of the
species. The input parameters were mostly acquired from the recent satellite missions, including
MODIS, Sentinel-2, Sentinel-5p, the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), and ECOSTRESS.
The performance across all the thresholds was evaluated using the value of the Area Under Curve
(AUC) evaluation metrics. The AUC value was found to be 0.917 with CNN, whereas it was 0.68
with BIOCLIM, respectively. The performance evaluation metrics indicate the superiority of CNN for
species distribution over BIOCLIM.

modelling approaches and the increased number of datasets has made this model one of
the most globally accepted SDMs. There is a growing concern for the establishment of the
nonlinear relationship between the bioclimatic parameters through innovative approaches
such as deep learning-based models. It has been observed that the BIOCLIM model is
overestimates the species distribution and the higher probability of species occurrence at
the higher altitude. Moreover, it has been observed that the distribution pattern of the
predicted Rhododendron arboreum distribution using CNN architecture is quite different at
some places than from conventional BIOCLIM models. The current work proposed deep
learning-based CNN architecture for probability distribution modelling and proved to
perform better than the traditional BIOCLIM model. There was an underestimation of
species distribution observed in CNN than BIOCLIM. The distribution probability in CNN

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

15 of 17

Supplementary Materials: The following are available online at https://www.mdpi.com/article/10
.3390/rs13163284/s1. Table S1: Methodology of the convolution and full connected layer.

Author Contributions: Conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis: A.A., M.K.P., and P.K.S.;
funding acquisition: P.K.S.; supervision: P.K.S. and M.L.K.; validation, visualization, writing—
original draft: A.A., M.K.P., and P.K.S.; writing—review and editing: A.G., P.K.S., and M.L.K. All
authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.

Funding: National Mission on Himalayan Studies, G.B. Pant National Institute of Himalayan Envi-
ronment (NIHE), Almora, Uttarakhand, India.

Institutional Review Board Statement: Not applicable.

Informed Consent Statement: Not applicable.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

9 of 17

A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a type of deep learning-based model for
processing multidimensional data that follows a grid pattern [60]. The model is developed
in such a way that the algorithm learns and adapts to the spatial hierarchies of features by
itself from the lower to the higher levels of the pattern. Mathematically, it is composed of
three layers or building blocks: convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers. Feature
extraction is conducted using the ﬁrst two layers and mapping the extracted features to the
output is conducted by the third layer.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not contain information about the specific process used to deploy the trained deep learning model. This includes details regarding model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the given context.