Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This is the ﬁrst study to our knowledge to investigate the pheno-
logical features in improving the performance of deep learning. As re-
vealed in our results, we have seen great potential in developing phe-
nological knowledge based deep learning methods. Recent literature
has documented the applications and beneﬁts of deep learning, a new
branch of machine learning, in various ﬁelds (LeCun et al., 2015).
However, it is still a controversial topic whether deep learning is more
suitable than traditional machine learning methods for Landsat image
classiﬁcation (Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Li et al., 2016). Never-
theless, this study aims to evaluate the hypotheses that applying phe-
nological knowledge as input data of deep learning can improve the
performance in the detection of invasive S. alterniﬂora. A comparison
experiment between SAE and SVM with six diﬀerent types of Landsat
images was conducted (see Table 2). The best performance was

1.3. Classiﬁer

Although the pixel-based phenological feature may augment the
spectral separability between invasive and native species, another
contributing factor aﬀecting S. alterniﬂora mapping is the development
of an eﬀective classiﬁer. Currently, most mainstream classiﬁers in re-
mote sensing applications are based on machine learning (Mather and
Paul, 2009). Artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) was initially proposed in 1956
for the purpose of constructing a machine to mimic human thinking.
Machine learning emerged in the 1980s to implement AI algorithms.
Deep learning, as a new branch of machine learning, has achieved
successful applications in various ﬁelds since 2012, e.g. computer vi-
sion, speech recognition, and remote sensing classiﬁcation (LeCun

2

J. Tian, et al.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Autoencoder-based deep learning for remote-sensing image classiﬁcation: a case
study of African land-cover mapping. Int. J. Remote Sens. 37, 5632–5646.
Liu, M., Mao, D., Wang, Z., Li, L., Man, W., Jia, M., Ren, C., Zhang, Y., 2018. Rapid
invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora in the coastal zone of mainland China: new ob-
servations from Landsat OLI images. Remote Sens. 10, 1933.

Liu, M.Y., Li, H.Y., Li, L., Man, W.D., Jia, M.M., Wang, Z.M., Lu, C.Y., 2017. Monitoring
the invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora using multi-source high-resolution imagery in the
Zhangjiang estuary, China. Remote Sens. 9, 539.

Lu, J.B., Zhang, Y., 2013. Spatial distribution of an invasive plant Spartina alterniﬂora

and its potential as biofuels in China. Ecol. Eng. 52, 175–181.

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this study is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, considering the overall theme of the research, which focuses on investigating phenological features to improve the performance of deep learning in detecting invasive Spartina alterniflora, it can be inferred that the deep learning model used here is primarily intended for classification tasks. This assumption is further supported by the mention of comparing two different classifiers - Stacked Autoencoders (SAE) and Support Vector Machines (SVM) - in the context. Therefore, the primary objective of the deep learning model in this study appears to be accurately classifying or identifying areas affected by the invasive Spartina alterniflora species.