Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 1 
Pre-processing hyper-parameters for each dataset and the number of testing files 
used.   

Lemurs 

Alethe 

Gibbons 

Whydah 

Low pass filter cut off 
Downsampling rate 
Nyquist rate 
Segment duration 
Number of testing files 
Testing time (min) 

4000 
9600 
4800 
4 
46 
1840 

3100 
6400 
3200 
2 
27 
810 

2000 
4800 
2400 
4 
22 
1300 

9000 
18400 
9200 
3 
78 
1560

model  development  and  to  accelerate  the  rate  at  which  vocalisation 
events are found. Initially in an acoustic survey, only a relatively small 
number of manually annotated vocalisation examples may be available.

last  few)  classification  layers  that  have  been  trained  for  a  specific 
problem and replacing these with new one(s) that can be retrained for 
the new task (based on the number of categories to be classified within 
target  task  W).  Weights  for  the  new  layers  must  be  learned  “from 
scratch”, but weights for the feature extraction layers can either be set 
(“frozen”) to their existing (“pre-trained”) values, or can be retrained 
using the pre-trained values as starting values, a process known as “fine 
tuning”  because,  if  the  same  visual  features  are  relevant  to  the  new 
problem, then weights will not change very much from their pre-trained 
values. The benefit of freezing the feature extraction layers is compu-
tational – there are often far fewer weights that require optimisation – 
which is particularly useful if the target task must be addressed with a 
relatively small dataset because the risk of overfitting without transfer

consuming step which involves exploring various neural network hyper- 
parameters to obtain the most optimal model. When combined, these 
three  problems  render  the  creation  and  utilisation  of  CNNs  to  solve 
bioacoustics research questions challenging to machine learning experts 
and non-experts alike.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any postprocessing steps involved after the model training such as saliency maps, metrics calculation, confusion matrix, etc. However, based on general practices in machine learning, some common postprocessing steps could include evaluating the performance of the model using metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curves, etc. Additionally, creating a confusion matrix can help understand the types of errors made by the model. Visualizing the results through techniques like saliency maps can also provide insights into how the model arrived at its predictions. These steps would depend on the specific requirements and goals of the project.