Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014646G.-Y. Shi et al.

random  forest  model  were  applied  using  R  statistical  software  (Team 
RDC, 2010).

Future research should consider the changes of predictors at different 
spatial and temporal scales in order to better evaluate the explanatory 
power  of  independent  variables  in  different  climate  regions.  Such 
knowledge could then be applied to other climate region types to un-
derstand the importance level of climate region differences to selected 
variables and the overall prediction ability of the model. In addition, the 
observation  index  can  be  increased,  the  observation  time  can  be 
extended, and the joint observation of multi-region and multi-tree spe-
cies can be strengthened. Big data theory and technology, neural net-
works, structural equations, and other deep-level data mining methods 
are applied to understand the importance level of climate differences on 
selected variables and the overall prediction ability of relevant models, 
so as to comprehensively and systematically understand the influence of 
forest microclimate on NAI.

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014644G.-Y. Shi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

3. Results 

3.1. Multiple linear regression model

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. It only mentions that R statistical software was used for applying random forest models. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform were utilized based solely on this context.