Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Computing tools 

All the calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific 
computing centre of the Universit`a degli Studi della Tuscia. The system 
provides  for  two  Hewlett  Packard  Enterprise  (HPE)  ProLiant  DL560 
Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with: four processors Intel Xeon Gold 
5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads; and 512 GB of RAM. The two nodes 
worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package 
Ray,  version  1.9.2.  All  the  scripts  and  dataset  to  fully  reproduce  the 
results of this work are publicly available at https://github.com/lucar 
os1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo. 

2.5. Preliminary analysis with perturbed numerical solutions and given 
parameters

The  entries  of  the  database  are  subsequently  ordered  from  the 
smaller to the higher sum of the residual values. This operation ends the 
first  step  of  the  LS  algorithm  and  leads  to  the  second  part,  hereafter 
defined  as  the  genetic  algorithm.  This  is  in  turn  based  on  an  iterative 
optimization, and its purpose is to partially optimize the results of the 
estimation and to better explore the space of the parameters. This part of 
the  process  is  analogous  to  the  previously  described  step:  the  first 
quarter  of  the  best  fit  parameter  values  stored  in  the  database  is 
considered as input for the process.

The availability of computational tools is currently endorsing the use 
of Genetic Algorithms (GA), useful methods to optimize the exploration 
of  the  parameters'  space.  Applications  of  these  methods  in  ecological 
contexts  are  always  more  frequent  (Durgabai  et  al.,  2018),  mostly 
because GA can be combined with different algorithms, such as the Least 
Squares (LS) method (Song et al., 2012), the AutoRegressive Integrated 
Moving  Average  (ARIMA)  method  (Rathod  et  al.,  2017),  or  artificial 
neural networks (Shang and Zhu, 2018).

A single iteration of the MCMC algorithm provides for the following 
steps.  It  is  selected  a  random  row  of  the  genetic  algorithm  output 
database between [1, nMCMC], and the best parameter values are subse-
quently absorbed. As already described in Section 2.3.1, even in this case 
the  absorbed  parameter  values  are  supposed  to  be  the  mean  of  a 
Gaussian  distribution,  μ,  while  in  this  case  the  associated  variance  is 
defined as a fixed value σ2 = (0.2 μ)2. A random value is generated from 
the Gaussian distribution associated with each parameter by using the 
random.normal() function, then, the ODE system is subsequently solved. 
At the same time, the step provides for absorbing the array of experi-
mental data, allowing the comparison between the ODE model output 
and the experimental data, based on the log-probability value.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no mention of a deep learning model being used in the study. Instead, the authors describe using a combination of least squares (LS) estimation and a genetic algorithm for optimization purposes. They also utilize Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling techniques. Therefore, it would not be accurate to discuss the purpose of a deep learning model in this scenario.