Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

All models were implemented in PyTorch (Paszke et al., 2019) and 
trained for 5000 epochs using the Adam optimizer (Kingma et al., 2015) 
(cid:0) 3. The models were trained on Nvidia GTX 
with a learning rate of 10
1050 graphics processing unit with 4 GB memory with a batch size of 
256. A decision to adapt β was taken every fifth epoch to avoid random 
fluctuations. The scaling of the clustering loss, γ, in the semi-supervised 
mode was cycled between 0.01 and 0.2 every 100 epochs. 

4.4. Results 

The clustering performance on the labelled test set for the unsuper-
vised and semi-supervised instances of the dynamic β-VAE is presented 
in Table 2. 

The dynamic β-VAE performs better than the baselines in the ARI- 
and AMI-scores which quantifies the intra-class cohesion and inter-class 
separability. While HCA have been successfully used to identify groups

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

Fig. 4. Example latent representation of unlabelled field data and the four test species. While all methods map the high dimensional input data to a two dimensional 
feature space, the dynamic β-VAEs creates clusters with less overlap between the species groups. The inclusion of 10% labelled data for training further improves the 
results, yielding denser clusters with less overlap than the unsupervised β-VAE. 

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014566(a)PCA(b)Kernel-PCA(c)VAE(d)Unsupervisedβ-VAE(e)Semi-supervisedβ-VAEK. Rydhmer and R. Selvan

3.2. Semi-supervised clustering 

Using a small subset of labelled data that optimizes a relevant loss 
could steer learning of representations that are more expressive for the 
downstream tasks under consideration. One approach to achieve this is 
to introduce auxiliary tasks  based on the labelled data, resulting  in a 
semi-supervised learning setup (Figueroa and Rivera, 2017). 

β(t) = β(t(cid:0) 1)

(cid:0)

1 (cid:0) ψ

[

Δreg

] )

(1 + ψ[Δrec] + Δℒrec )

(1 (cid:0) ψ[Δrec] )

(cid:0)

1 + ψ

]

[

Δreg

(cid:0) Δℒrec

)

(cid:0)

b
4
a
+
4

where  

Δrec = ℒ(t)

rec (cid:0) w1min

(cid:0)

Δreg = ℒ(t)

reg (cid:0) w2min

)

)

ℒ(:t(cid:0) 1)
rec
(
ℒ(:t(cid:0) 1)
reg

(5)  

(6) 

(7) 

1  The signum function, ψ[x] returns the sign of any real number s ∈ ℝ 

⎧
⎨

ψ[s] =

⎩

+1
0
(cid:0) 1

s > 0
s = 0
s < 0

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The deep learning models were trained on Nvidia GTX 1050 graphics processing units (GPUs) with 4 GB memory. No mention of other hardware resources such as TPUs or CPUs was made in the given context.