Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

compressed,  reducing  to  only  a  few  pixels  in  deeper  CNN  layers.  For 
instance, an object with dimensions of 15 × 15 pixels in a UAV thermal 
image might be represented by just 1 pixel in the feature map from Layer 
4 of ResNet152 (refer to Fig. 4). The limited spatial resolution can lead to 
loss of fine details, making it difficult for the model to distinguish small 
objects from the background. Through FPN, different feature maps from 
different layers can complement each other, and deeper feature map can 
receive some spatial information from shallower layers. However, still 
certain  spatial  features  might  have  been  lost  during  the  process  of 
convolution operations. Consequently, the models of FRC_ResNet18FPN 
and FRC_ResNet34FPN can obtain higher AP for medium and large ob-
jects than the remaining models because they have less CNN layers than 
others.  Notably,  the  FRC_ResNet152FPN  obtains  the  best  detection

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Deer survey from drone thermal imagery using enhanced faster R-CNN 
based on ResNets and FPN 

Haitao Lyu a, Fang Qiu a,*, Li An b, Douglas Stow c, Rebecca Lewison d, Eve Bohnett d, e 
a Geospatial Information Science, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX, USA 
b International Center for Climate and Global Change Research, Complex Human-Environment Systems Laboratory, College of Forestry, Wildlife, and Environment, 
Auburn University, Auburn, AL, USA 
c Department of Geography, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA, USA 
d Department of Biology, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA, USA 
e Department of Landscape Architecture, College of Design Construction and Planning, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

for a model to detect and identify them. Under this condition, more CNN 
layers mean that more abstractly semantic information can be extracted. 
Therefore, FRC_ResNet152FPN has more advantages than others in this 
sense.

CNN: a survey. In: Das, Asit Kumar, Nayak, Janmenjoy, Naik, Bighnaraj, 
Pati, Soumen Kumar, Pelusi, Danilo (Eds.), Computational Intelligence in Pattern 
Recognition, Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing. Springer, Singapore, 
pp. 657–668. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-13-9042-5_56. 

Bochkovskiy, Alexey, Wang, Chien-Yao, Liao, Hong-Yuan Mark, 2020. YOLOv4: optimal 

speed and accuracy of object detection. arXiv. https://doi.org/10.48550/ 
arXiv.2004.10934. 

Carl, Christin, Sch¨onfeld, Fiona, Profft, Ingolf, Klamm, Alisa, Landgraf, Dirk, 2020. 

Automated detection of European wild mammal species in camera trap images with 
an existing and pre-trained computer vision model. Eur. J. Wildl. Res. 66, 1–7. 
Chen, Chenyi, Liu, Ming-Yu, Tuzel, Oncel, Xiao, Jianxiong, 2017. R-CNN for small object 
detection. In: Computer Vision–ACCV 2016: 13th Asian Conference on Computer 
Vision, Taipei, Taiwan, November 20–24, 2016, Revised Selected Papers, Part V 13, 
214–30. Springer.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not explicitly mention the method used for collecting raw data in their deep learning pipeline. However, based on the context, we can infer that the authors use Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) thermal images for their study. This is evident from the statement, "For instance, an object with dimensions of 15 × 15 pixels in a UAV thermal image..." Therefore, one possible method for collecting raw data could be through the use of UAVs equipped with thermal cameras. Additionally, since the paper discusses the application of deep learning techniques for deer survey, it is also likely that the authors may have used publicly available datasets or manually labeled datasets for training and testing their models. However, without explicit mention in the text, these assumptions remain speculative.