Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

high-resolution CHM of the Earth (hereafter “Lang10m”) at 10 m reso-
lution  using  Sentinel-2  optical  images  and  a  deep  learning  approach 
(convolutional neural networks).

Heumann, B.W., Hackett, R.A., Monfils, A.K., 2015. Testing the spectral diversity 

hypothesis using spectroscopy data in a simulated wetland community. Ecol. Inform. 
25, 29–34. 

Hoffr´en, R., Lamelas, M.T., de la Riva, J., Domingo, D., Montealegre, A.L., García- 

Martín, A., Revilla, S., 2023. Assessing gedi-nasa system for forest fuels classification 
using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 116, 103175. 
Huang, H., Gong, P., Cheng, X., Clinton, N., Li, Z., 2009. Improving measurement of 

forest structural parameters by co-registering of high resolution aerial imagery and 
low density lidar data. Sensors 9 (3), 1541–1558. 

Kacic, P., Hirner, A., Da Ponte, E., 2021. Fusing sentinel-1 and-2 to model gedi-derived 
vegetation structure characteristics in gee for the paraguayan chaco. Remote Sens. 
13 (24), 5105. 

Kacic, P., Kuenzer, C., 2022. Forest biodiversity monitoring based on remotely sensed

Fig. 3. The study area Traunstein (Germany). The border of the study area is shown in red. The white dots show the center of all the plots. Background image used: 
Google Image at February 21th 2023. Coordinates in WGS 84/ UTM zone 32 N (EPSG:32632). 

Lang10m  was  derived  fusing  the  GEDI  and  Sentinel-2  images 
through a deep convolutional neural network (Lang et al., 2022). It has 
spatial resolution of 10 m and is valid for the year 2020. The canopy top 
height was defined as the relative height at which 98% of the energy was 
returned  (RH98).  For  the  modelling  GEDI  observations  for  which  the 
image was cloudy or snow-covered were excluded.

to  Lang10m,  appears  to  have  higher  CHM  heterogeneity  with  more 
extreme  CHM  values  (increasing  the  Rao’s  Q  and  CV  values  in  our 
study). Lang10m, having a finer spatial resolution (derived fusing GEDI 
data and Sentinel-2 images using a deep learning algorithm), is more 
spatially  precise  and,  in  our  areas  characterized  by  a  generally  high 
density (Table 2) and HH which does not reach extremely high values, 
properly adapted.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly state the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details such as model serialization or platform selection. However, it mentions that Lang10m, a high-resolution Canopy Height Model (CHM) of the Earth, was derived by fusing GEDI and Sentinel-2 images through a deep convolutional neural network (Lang et al., 2022). This implies that the deep learning model was likely developed and deployed using this methodology. Unfortunately, without further information, I cannot provide specific details about the deployment process, such as model serialization or platform selection.