Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Algorithm 1. Active learning procedure

1:

2:

3:

4:

5:

6:

7:

8:

Start from a small, randomly selected labelled subset of data

while Stopping criteria not met do

Train the underlying model with the available labelled samples

Compute a selection criterion for all the samples in the 

unlabelled pool

Select n samples that maximize the criterion

Pass the selected samples to the oracle for labelling

Gather the labelled samples and add them to the labelled 

set

end while

this case, a network can first be trained on the large dataset and then 

Deep learning usually requires a large-scale dataset and a con-

fine-tuned on the target dataset (Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; Yosinski 

siderable amount of computational resources to achieve high accu-

et al., 2014).

1.5 | Active learning

racy.  Existing  active  learning  frameworks  cannot  scale  to  datasets 

with millions of high-dimensional samples, such as large camera trap

ing model, such as a neural network, and try to improve that model by 

alization algorithms like t-SNE (van der Maaten & Hinton, 2008), can 

selecting training samples. Active learning algorithms typically start 

be regarded as embedding functions.

training the underlying model on a small, randomly selected labelled 

Deep  neural  networks  are  frequently  used  for  dimension-

set of data samples. After training the initial model, various criteria 

ality  reduction:  the  input  to  a  deep  network  often  has  many 

can  be  employed  to  select  the  most  informative  unlabelled  sam-

values, but layers typically get smaller throughout the network, 

ples to be passed to the oracle for labelling (Settles, 2009). Among 

and the output of a layer can be viewed as a reduced represen-

the  most  popular  query  selection  strategies  for  active  learning  are 

tation  of  the  network's  input.  In  this  paper,  we  use  two  com-

|  159

because eventually both methods have sufficient constraints to learn 

active  learning  pipeline  on  the  crops  produced  from  running  the 

a good embedding.

3.3.2 | Active learning strategies

MegaDetector  model  over  the  NACTI  dataset.  We  employed  mar-

gin-based active learning. After the first 30,000 active queries, the 

classifier  achieves  93.2%  overall  accuracy  which  further  confirms 

the usefulness of the suggested pipeline. More detailed results are 

available in Table S3.

Different strategies can be employed to select samples to be labelled 

by the oracle. The most naive strategy is selecting queries at random. 

Here  we  try  five  different  query  selection  strategies  and  compare 

4 |  D I S CU S S I O N

them against a control of selecting samples at random. In particular, 

we try model uncertainty criteria (confidence, margin, entropy; Lewis 

This  paper  demonstrates  the  potential  to  significantly  reduce

model uncertainty (Lewis & Gale, 1994), query-by-committee (QBC; 

mon methods to train a deep neural network to produce useful 

Seung et al., 1992), expected model change (Settles & Craven, 2008), 

embeddings:

NOROUZZADEH Et Al. 2041210x, 2021, 1, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13504 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License154  |    Methods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

1.  We learn an embedding in the course of training another task (e.g. 

machine  learning  research,  containing  over  450,000  images  and 

image  classification).  Here  we  follow  common  practice  and  train 

over  270  species  from  a  diverse  set  of  locations  across  the  world

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details about model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a specific answer based solely on the given information. However, generally speaking, after training a deep learning model, one might save the model using techniques such as model checkpointing or serializing the model weights into a file format compatible with the chosen deployment environment. As for platform selection, factors such as hardware requirements, scalability needs, latency considerations, and integration with existing systems would influence the choice of deployment platforms, which could range from cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure to edge devices or custom servers.