Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Ensemble models

points. Then, to obtain presences and background points to use during 
external evaluation, we set aside one fold. We then used the remaining 
four folds for internal cross-validation during model training.

We  have  provided  further  evidence  that  individual  modeling  ap-
proaches perform better when the number of background points used to 
train each model is optimized for that particular modeling algorithm. 
Given the popularity of ensemble modeling approaches in the scientific 
literature,  we  went  further  and  demonstrated  how  the  number  of 
background  points  used  to  train  individual  models  can  influence  the 
performance of ensemble models. We tested ensemble models built with 
four combinations of background points and found that the ensemble 
performed slightly better (based on AUC) when all individual models 
used  to  train  the  ensemble  were  built  with  their  optimal  number  of 
background points (Fig. 4). Although there is only a small increase in 
performance, this potentially highlights the ability of ensemble models 
to balance the strengths and weaknesses of the component models, even

to model performance by a single component model built with subop-
timal training data. However, RF outperformed all the ensemble models, 
suggesting  that  if  researchers  use  a  single  modeling  approach,  they 
should consider using RF. It should be noted that we found RF to be more 
sensitive to the number of background points used to train the model 
than  other  modeling  methods.  However,  researchers  or  practitioners 
might choose to use a single modeling approach that is found to be less 
sensitive to the number of background points, like a GLM or MaxEnt. In 
this situation, since the gain in performance is minimal, the decision on 
how many background points to use might be instead made to minimize 
computation time and answer time-sensitive questions related to con-
servation  actions.  Nevertheless,  using  an  ensemble  of  models  helps 
overcome any issues that any single model might have, as demonstrated

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given text does not provide information about the hyperparameters used in a deep learning model such as learning rate or optimizer. This text discusses ensemble models and the impact of the number of background points on their performance rather than specific details about deep learning models. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.