Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In addition,  in the prediction  of dissolved oxygen in  water, (Chen 
et  al.,  2020)  not  only  applied  water  quality  parameters  but  also 
considered parameters such as temperature, humidity, and atmospheric 
pressure in the air as input variables for the model, providing ideas for 
subsequent research. 

At last, for the dataset as listed in Table 1, and, three different data 
processing methods were trained and tested using the proposed method, 

4. Discussions 

Table 7 
Medians of measured versus computed DO concentration.  

The  above  results  and  analyses  show  that  traditional  machine 
learning  methods  (SVR)  and  deep  learning  methods  (LSTM)  can  be 
adapted  to  address  the  problems  of  poor  generalization  ability,  local 
optimum, underfitting, and overfitting of conventional models to predict 
DO concentration successfully. The machine learning and deep learning 
literature also discuss the prediction of DO concentration. For example, 

Models

search algorithms such as the genetic algorithm (GA) and particle swarm 
optimization (PSO) are often used to solve model parameter problems, 
for instance, the number of neurons in neural networks, error penalty 
factor in SVM, etc. For example, Yan used GA and PSO to optimize a BP 
neural network to build a DO estimation model of Beijing Lake in Beijing 
(Yan et al., 2019). Compared with the GA algorithm, PSO is used more in 
DO  modeling  in  combination  with  BPNN,  GRU,  LSTM,  SVM,  support 
vector regression (SVR), and other algorithms (Wu et al., 2018; Huan 
et al., 2020; Zhu et al., 2021; Huang et al., 2021; Cao et al., 2021b; Liu 
et al., 2014, exhibiting high efficiency and good robustness with mini-
mal calculation. Other optimization algorithms, such as the multi-verse 
optimizer,  have  also  been  adopted  for  parameter  optimization  (Yang 
et al., 2021).

Heddam, S., Kim, S., Mehr, A.D., Zounemat-Kermani, M., Malik, A., Elbeltagi, A., et al., 
2022b. Predicting dissolved oxygen concentration in river using new advanced 
machines learning: long-short term memory (LSTM) deep learning. In: Computers in 
Earth and Environmental Sciences. Elsevier, pp. 1–20. 

Heddam, S., Lamda, H., Filali, S., 2016. Predicting effluent biochemical oxygen demand 
in a wastewater treatment plant using generalized regression neural network based 
approach: a comparative study. Environ. Process. 3, 153–165. 

Heddam, S., Yaseen, Z.M., Falah, M.W., Goliatt, L., Tan, M.L., Sa’adi, Z., Ahmadianfar, I., 
Saggi, M., Bhatia, A., Samui, P., 2022. Cyanobacteria blue-green algae prediction 
enhancement using hybrid machine learning–based gamma test variable selection 
and empirical wavelet transform. Environ. Sci. Pollut. Res. 29 (51), 77157–77187. 

Huan, J., Cao, W., Liu, X., 2017. A dissolved oxygen prediction method based on K-

concentration  prediction  ability  than  the  standard  MLPNN  model 
(Areerachakul et al., 2013). Du combined RBFNN with the proportional 
integrated  derivative  algorithm  to  control  the  DO  concentration  in 
aviation  tanks.  GRNN  improves  approximation  ability  and  learning 
speed compared to RBF networks and is also suitable for predicting small 
sample sizes (Du et al., 2018). In predicting DO concentration in river 
water,  Heddam  applied  GRNN  for  modeling  hourly  DO,  at  Klamath 
River, Oregon, USA (Heddam, 2014a), whereas Cs´abr´agi used GRNN, 
RBFNN,  MLPNN,  and  MLR  for  the  River  Tisza  and  Danube  (Cs´abr´agi 
et al., 2019; Cs´abr´agi et al., 2017). Antanasijevi´c used GRNN, MLPNN, 
and  recurrent  neural  networks  (RNN)  for  DO  concentrations  in  the 
Danube River, North Serbia, and compared the results with that of MLR. 
ELM is a type of single hidden layer feedforward neural network, which

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the optimizer. However, it mentions that search algorithms like the genetic algorithm (GA) and particle swarm optimization (PSO) are often used to solve model parameter problems, including the number of neurons in neural networks and the error penalty factor in SVM. It also states that PSO is frequently used in DO modeling in conjunction with various algorithms like BPNN, GRU, LSTM, SVR, and others, demonstrating high efficiency and good robustness with minimal computation. Additionally, other optimization algorithms, such as the multi-verse optimizer, have been employed for parameter optimization.