Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for the FWI and FFMC data layers with a spatial resolution of 1 × 1 km.
The nine-cell approach, the results of which are shown in this paper, led
to slightly better prediction results of the variants, likely because it
smoothed existing data inaccuracies within single grid cells.

Dowdy, A.J., Mills, G.A., 2012. Atmospheric and fuel moisture characteristics associated
with lightning-attributed fires. J. Appl. Meteorol. Climatol. 51, 2025–2037. https://
doi.org/10.1175/JAMC-D-11-0219.1.

Dupire, S., Curt, T., Bigot, S., Fréjaville, T., 2019. Vulnerability of forest ecosystems to fire

in the French Alps. Eur. J. For. Res. 1–18.

Fernandes, P.M., 2019. Variation in the Canadian fire weather index thresholds for in-
creasingly larger fires in Portugal. Forests 10 (10), 838. https://doi.org/10.3390/
f10100838.

Flannigan, M.D., Logan, K.A., Amiro, B.D., Skinner, W.R., Stocks, B.J., 2005. Future area

burned in Canada. Clim. Chang. 72 (1–2), 1–16.

(DWD) is currently working on a new grassland fire index. Such an
index may be particularly useful in the winter half-year for mountain
regions such as the Alps, as it allows a reasonable estimation of fine fuel
moisture beyond the scope of the FFMC and FWI (Müller et al., 2020).
An improvement of the prediction accuracy of winter and spring fires
may also be achieved by including a high-resolution data layer of the
actual snow cover. First attempts of such an approach are currently
tested in France and Germany (Müller et al., 2020).

2.1. Wildfire database

An Austrian wildfire database was established within the activities
of European (ALP FFIRS) and national (AFFRI, FIRIA) funded projects,
as no homogenized and nationwide database on vegetation fire occur-
rence existed (Vacik et al., 2011). The database now contains more than
6500 wildfire incidents, including 5000 forest fires, with an almost
complete documentation of 1300 forest fires larger than 0.1 ha since
1993 (Müller et al., 2020). The mean localization error for all recorded
forest fires in the Austrian fire database is below 1500 m. Additional
information on the recorded fires includes totally burned area, affected
tree species and forest type, fire causes, fire behavior, altitude, slope
and topographical aspect at ignition point. All fire ignition points are
georeferenced in WGS 84. The Austrian forest fire database was used as
empirical basis to define the danger classes of the data layers on fire

2

M.M. Müller, et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer from the context that the data layers mentioned - FWI and FFMC - are likely in a raster or gridded format due to their spatial resolution of 1 x 1 km. These data layers could potentially be in formats like GeoTIFF or other similar geospatial file types. Additionally, the reference to the Austrian wildfire database suggests that some form of structured data, possibly in a tabular format like CSV, might be used. But without further details about the deep learning pipeline itself, it cannot be definitively stated what exact data formats are being utilized.