Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. Data processing

4.4. Classification method

88.58% 
92.95% 
87.26% 
92.02% 

Kappa 

0.8646 
0.9159 
0.8458 
0.9036  

4.1. Object-oriented classification

The  processing  of  high-resolution  remote  sensing  data,  which  en-
compasses  a  plethora  of  feature  information  (Girshick  et  al.,  2014), 
demands  significant  time  and  costs.  This  presents  considerable  chal-
lenges for many researchers (Modzelewska et al., 2020). Prior to clas-
sification, samples require training. The representativeness and quantity 
of  these  training  samples  significantly  influence  the  accuracy  of  the 
classification  models.  Platinum  (Ting,  2016)  demonstrated  that  when 
the training samples are not sufficiently typical, other categories can be 
easily misclassified into the sample’s category. If the number of training 
samples is insufficient, network training may not meet the requirements. 
Conversely, an excessive number of training samples can lead to data 
redundancy, reducing the efficiency of model training (Shi, 2018). To 
address  this  issue,  this  study  employed  feature  optimization  tools  to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it is not possible to determine what specific type of deep learning model was used in the pipeline. The context mentions object-oriented classification and discusses challenges related to training samples and their impact on classification models. However, there is no explicit mention of any particular deep learning architecture such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. Therefore, without additional information, we cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the type of deep learning model used in the pipeline.