Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On  the  other  hand,  supervised  learning  techniques  based  on  deep 
artificial  neural  networks  (deep  learning)  are  suitable  for  identifying 
species through the automatic analysis of recordings that can come from 
a  whole  season  in  different  simultaneous  locations  (Borowiec  et  al., 
2021; Zhong et al., 2021). 

Knowing  the  potential  of  these  technologies  and  the  context  of 
climate emergency and biodiversity loss (Butt et al., 2021; Sueur et al., 
2019;  Tittensor  et  al.,  2019),  we  wonder  how  we  can  precisely  and 
exhaustively  monitor  the  diversity  and  acoustic  activity  of  birds.  In 
addition, we are interested in examining some abiotic oscillations and 
their relationship with the annual dynamics of the calls of bird species as 
an approach to the field of acoustic phenology.

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019099G. Morales et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

important acoustic activity, even though they are not a species of in-
terest, since estimation methods based on deep learning allow for a large 
number of classes and benefit from numerous and diverse data. 

It is very likely that the high performance shown in the test subset is 
partially biased by the individuals’ vocalizations that were recorded for 
both  training  and  testing.  Consequently,  we  recommend  reserving 
monitoring areas for the creation of validation and test sets, avoiding a 
link with the training data and allowing the generalization of the model 
to  be  correctly  estimated.  This  should  speed  up  threshold  calibration 
during production.

In this work, we document the detailed development of a method for 
passive monitoring of the activity, diversity and acoustic phenology of 
birds  present  in  a  scarcely  studied  ecoregion.  The  method  combines 
advanced  techniques  in  the  construction  of  datasets,  unsupervised 
learning and deep learning. We applied the UMAP algorithm to account 
for the inter- and intra-species acoustic diversity of a labeled dataset, 
then trained and put into production a deep learning model to extract 
the  annual  acoustic  activity  of  each  target  species,  and  we  then  syn-
chronized  this  data  with  environmental  variables  of  climatological 
temperature and sunlight hours corresponding to the same annual study 
period. 

2. Material and methods

2021. Deep learning as a tool for ecology and evolution. Methods Ecol. Evol. https:// 
doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.13901. 

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)10190910G. Morales et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Bravo, S.P., Cueto, V.R., Gorosito, C.A., 2017. Migratory timing, rate, routes and 

wintering areas of White-crested Elaenia (Elaenia albiceps chilensis), a key seed 
disperser for Patagonian forest regeneration. PLoS One 12, e0170188. https://doi. 
org/10.1371/journal.pone.0170188. 

Butt, N., Chauvenet, A.L., Adams, V.M., Beger, M., Gallagher, R.V., Shanahan, D.F., 

Navarino, comuna Cabo de Hornos, Chile., in: Anales del Instituto de la Patagonia, 
pp. 25–33.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, it was recommended to reserve monitoring areas for creating validation and test sets. These areas would avoid any link with the training data, which would help estimate the correct generalization of the model. By doing so, the authors suggest that this could expedite threshold calibration during production. Additionally, the use of deep learning allows for a large number of classes and benefits from numerous and diverse data, further contributing to the model's ability to generalize well. However, the specific details regarding the implementation of cross-validation or stratified splitting are not explicitly mentioned in the given context.