Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The relational schema of CASE’s database is shown in Fig. A.18. CASE is based on a concept of Task, i.e., a questionnaire that must be fulfilled by a 
User (i.e., an on-field operator). Each task is composed by a set of Questions, categorized in different types (e.g., multiple answers, date picker) each 
composed by a set of predefined Answers (one of which could be an open answer, defined by the user when selecting the Given answer). The 
dynamic aspect of CASE’s questionnaires lies in the association of each possible answer with a different one to be shown next. Thus, users fulfilling the 
same task may follow different paths of questions depending on the given answers. This enables a customized and efficient user experience, as detailed 
questions on a given topic may be asked only if such a topic has been mentioned by the user. Instances of tasks (i.e., Task on geo-object) are

3.2.4. Analytical fruition 

The provisioning of analytical capabilities often builds on multidi-
mensional representations of the data, which offer efficient support to 
query  answering  (Golfarelli  and  Rizzi,  2009).  To  this  end,  a  multidi-
mensional spatial cube called Captures is created in the Access tier. 
The schema of the cube is shown in Fig. 6 using the conceptual DFM 
notation (Golfarelli and Rizzi, 2009). Full details about the interpreta-
tion of the conceptual model are disclosed in Appendix A.3.

previous weeks, gauges provide some statistics on the coverage, and a 
weekly bulletin is provided by domain experts to summarize the latest 
events in the monitoring network. The dashboards provide interactive 
reports at different levels of detail, e.g., plotting the trends of captures at 
the provincial level or showing all the data communicated by an on-field 
operator through CASE on a given date for a given trap.

Analysis and results. The evaluation on a seasonal level is done by 
considering the total number of H. halys captures cumulated for every 
trap in a whole season and taking into account both the different trap 
locations and the three years of survey.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information regarding the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate response to this query.