Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(m),  and  the  minimal  node  size  (nodesize)  (Sanz,  et  al.  2022).  For  ML  training,  34 

ground  data  points  were  used.  The  RF  generates  an  impartial  internal estimate  of  the 

generalization error by the "out-of-bag" (OOB) samples, which are those not included in 

map were elaborated in QGIS software (QGIS.org, 2023), 

Journal Pre-proof

the training subset. In this case, the total number of samples used for validation is 8. 

System for Automated Geoscientific Analyses (SAGA) software (version 9.4.0) (Conrad, 

2015) was employed to perform classification utilising the RF technique, based on Red 

Gren Blue (RGB) images acquired in March, April, and May.In this study, the maximum 

shaft number value was tested from 1 to 100 and the minimum sample number from 1 

to 50. Finally, the most accurate results for RF were obtained when the maximum tree 

depth was set to 10 and the minimum number of samples was set to 2. The regression

Probst, P., Wright, M. N., Boulesteix, A.L., 2019. Hyperparameters and tuning strategies 

for  random  forest.  Wiley  Interdisciplinary  Reviews:  data  mining  and  knowledge 

discovery, 9(3), e1301. 

QGIS.org (2023) QGIS Geographic Information System 

Raab,  C.,  Riesch,  F.,  Tonn,  B.,  Barrett,  B.,  Meißner,  M.,  Balkenhol,  N.,  Isselstein,  J., 

2020.  Target‐ oriented  habitat  and  wildlife  management:  estimating  forage 

Journal Pre-proof

quantity and quality of semi‐ natural grasslands with Sentinel‐ 1 and Sentinel‐ 2 

data. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6:381–398. https://doi.org/10.1002/rse2.149 

Ramoelo,  A.,  Cho,  M.,  Mathieu,  R.,  Skidmore,  A.K.,  2015.  Potential  of  Sentinel-2 

spectral  configuration  to  assess  rangeland  quality.  J.  Appl.  Remote  Sens. 

9:094096. https://doi.org/10.1117/1.JRS.9.094096 

Ranta,  M.,  Rotar,  I.,  Vidican,  R.,  Mălinaș,  A.,  Ranta,  O.,  Lefter,  N.,  2021.  Influence  of

ML  classification  techniques  enables  the  generation  of  accurate,  dynamic  information 

on  grassland,  core  attributes    that  play  an  integral  role  in  sustainable  ecosystem 

Journal Pre-proof

Agronomic  environment,  Aboveground  biomass,  Machine  Learning,  Remote  sensing, 

Nutritive characteristics, Floristic composition.  

management and conservation. 

Keywords:  

1. Introduction  

Grasslands  are  among  the  leading  terrestrial  ecosystems  (Zhang  et  al.,  2022), 

occupying more than 40% of the world’s terrestrial area, a third of the agricultural area 

in  Europe,  and  storing  about  a  third  of  the  world’s  terrestrial  biomass  stock  (O‘Mara, 

2012; Stumpf et al., 2020 Bar-On et al., 2018; Erb et al., 2017).  

Moreover, grassland agroecosystems are of significant importance in the production of 

 
 
Journal Pre-proof

fodder for grazing animals in areas that are inadequate forcropland uses. At the same

when to cut, how much to cut, and how much to graze (Watzig et al., 2023). The large 

Journal Pre-proof

extent  of  agricultural  grasslands  and  the  detrimental  impact  of  land  use  intensification 

on ecosystem services and biodiversity highlight the necessity for the implementation of 

more  sustainable  grassland management  systems  (Stumpf et al., 2020). Aboveground 

biomass is one of the most important indicators for assessing the condition of grassland 

systems (Ali et al., 2015; Morais et al., 2021). 

As  a  results,  information  about  spatial  and  temporal  grassland  AGB  variability  is  a 

prerequisite  for  efficient  and  sustainable  management  (Raab  et  al.,  2020).  With  the 

development  of  remote  sensing  technology,  satellite  data  with  various  temporal  and 

spatial  resolutions  is  now  widely  used  to  study  vegetation  activities  (Liu  et  al.,  2017;

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The Random Forest algorithm used in this study does not have a specific criterion to determine when training is complete like some other machine learning algorithms such as neural networks where validation loss plateau might be used. Instead, the performance of the model is evaluated using out-of-bag (OOB) samples, which are those not included in the training subset. In this case, the total number of samples used for validation is 8. Additionally, hyperparameter tuning is performed to find the optimal parameters for the model. In this study, the maximum shaft number value was tested from 1 to 100 and the minimum sample number from 1 to 50. Finally, the most accurate results for RF were obtained when the maximum tree depth was set to 10 and the minimum number of samples was set to 2. This indicates that the training process is considered complete once the optimal hyperparameters have been found through testing different combinations.