Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

trogram. In addition to different TFRs, a different deep learning architecture, SubSpectralNet, is employed
to classify bird sounds. Experimental results on classifying 43 bird species show that fusing selected deep
learning models can effectively increase the classiﬁcation performance. Our best fused model can achieve a
balanced accuracy of 86.31% and a weighted F1-score of 93.31%.

TABLE 3. Classification performance of different methods using single
CNN-based model. Here, Mel-CNN, Harm-CNN, and Perc-CNN denote that
the input to those CNNs are Mel-spectrogram, harmonic-component
based spectrogram, and percussive-component based spectrogram.
Subnet-CNN denotes that a SubSpectralNet architecture is used with the
Mel-spectrogram as the input.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

In addition to the VGG style network, we employ a
SubSpectralNet for classifying bird sounds. The architec-
ture is shown in Table 2, which has been used in [19]
for classifying acoustic scenes. Here, the SubSpectralNet

TABLE 2. The SubSpectralNet architecture. BN: Batch Normalization, ReLU: Rectified Linear Unit, K denotes the number of frames per recording.

175356

VOLUME 7, 2019

J. Xie et al.: Investigation of Different CNN-Based Models for Improved Bird Sound Classification

FIGURE 4. [Color online] Class-wise f1-score comparison of 43 bird species using four single CNN-based classification systems. Here, x-axis denotes the
abbreviations of common names of those 43 bird species, which can be found in [27]; y-axis denotes the classification accuracy.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning models, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which framework was used to develop these models.