Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Computing tools 

All the calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific 
computing centre of the Universit`a degli Studi della Tuscia. The system 
provides  for  two  Hewlett  Packard  Enterprise  (HPE)  ProLiant  DL560 
Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with: four processors Intel Xeon Gold 
5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads; and 512 GB of RAM. The two nodes 
worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package 
Ray,  version  1.9.2.  All  the  scripts  and  dataset  to  fully  reproduce  the 
results of this work are publicly available at https://github.com/lucar 
os1190/LS-MCMC-hybridGenAlgo. 

2.5. Preliminary analysis with perturbed numerical solutions and given 
parameters

estimation via MCMC is usually the MLE estimation of the parameters. 
Although  these  two  methodologies  are  based  on  different  mathe-
matical backgrounds, their joint use can be of great help in the model 
parameters estimation from field data. This study proposes a workflow 
that can be applied to most physiologically based models existing in the 
literature. The basic idea is to use the LS method to preliminary explore 
the  space  of  the  parameters  via  genetic  algorithms,  providing  a  pre-
liminary optimization of the parameter values. Then, the MCMC algo-
rithm  will  tune  the  parameter  estimation,  providing  the  statistical 
distribution  and,  accordingly,  the  uncertainty  associated  with  every 
single parameter. For the sake of exposition, we will apply the algorithm 
to the model of Rossini et al. (2022a, 2021a) in two steps: i) a first step 
concerning  a  theoretical  test  on  perturbed  numerical  series,  and  ii)  a

This study aims to test the combination of two methodologies to cope 
with the physiologically based model parameter estimation. More spe-
cifically,  we  developed  and  tested  an  algorithm  that  explores  the 
possible combinations of model parameters and provides their best es-
timate using field monitoring instead of laboratory datasets. We faced 
the problem of model parameter estimation through a hybrid method 
that  involves  the  strengths  of  GA,  LS,  and  MCMC.  Particularly,  the 
method is based on i) direct or iterative estimation via a genetic algo-
rithm using LS as an estimation method of the error to find an optimal 
value of the parameters, and ii) MCMC approach to find the statistical 
distribution of parameters. Least squares produce results similar to the 
Maximum Likelihood Estimation (MLE) under the hypothesis that the 
statistical  distribution  of  the  errors  is  Gaussian,  while  the  best  single

A single iteration of the MCMC algorithm provides for the following 
steps.  It  is  selected  a  random  row  of  the  genetic  algorithm  output 
database between [1, nMCMC], and the best parameter values are subse-
quently absorbed. As already described in Section 2.3.1, even in this case 
the  absorbed  parameter  values  are  supposed  to  be  the  mean  of  a 
Gaussian  distribution,  μ,  while  in  this  case  the  associated  variance  is 
defined as a fixed value σ2 = (0.2 μ)2. A random value is generated from 
the Gaussian distribution associated with each parameter by using the 
random.normal() function, then, the ODE system is subsequently solved. 
At the same time, the step provides for absorbing the array of experi-
mental data, allowing the comparison between the ODE model output 
and the experimental data, based on the log-probability value.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the specific type of hardware resources used for training a deep learning model. However, it mentions that all calculations were carried out using the DAFNE HPC scientific computing center of the Università degli Studi della Tuscia. The system provides for two Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) ProLiant DL560 Gen10 nodes, each one equipped with four processors Intel Xeon Gold 5118 2.30GHz, 12 cores, 24 threads, and 512 GB of RAM. These nodes worked in a parallel configuration managed by the Python 3.6.8 package Ray, version 1.9.2. Therefore, it can be inferred that the computations were performed using CPUs rather than GPUs or TPUs.