Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

explicit or expanded database is being used.

3.2.5. K-nearest neighbors

It is an non-parametric ‘lazy’ learning algorithm. This means that it
does not make any assumptions on the underlying data distribution and
that it does not use the training data points to do any generalization. It
does not attempt to construct a general internal model, but simply
stores instances of the training data. Classiﬁcation is computed from a
simple majority vote of the nearest neighbors of each point: a query
point is assigned the data class which has the most representatives
within the nearest neighbors of the point.

3.2.6. Decision tree

The Decision Tree Classiﬁer is a simple and widely used classiﬁca-
tion technique. It applies a straightforward idea to solve the classiﬁ-
cation problem by posing a series of carefully crafted questions about
the attributes of the test record. Each time it receives an answer, a
follow-up question is asked until a conclusion about the class label of
the record is reached.

The ﬁnal step is to train and test the machine learning algorithms in
this dataset for 5-class classiﬁcation. Stratiﬁed cross-validation was
used, and evaluated with Precision, Recall and F-measure. This dataset
is not balanced as can be seen in Table 1. Cymodocea is the dominant
class that constitutes the 75% of the dataset. Thus, Accuracy may not be
a suitable measure, because it measures how many correct predictions
were made overall, and if we predict all the test examples as cymo-
docea, then Accuracy would be close to 75% without even predicting
another class. This is clearly a problem because many machine learning
algorithms are designed to maximize overall Accuracy, with the ex-
ception of the tree-based algorithms. So, we resort to the F-measure; the
algorithms are ranked based on it.

1116
598
598
582
597
597
1357
825

By determining which variables are most important we can simplify
the analysis of a dataset, better understand the physical concepts of it,
and exclude the ones that confuse the model achieving better accuracy
and learning/testing speed.

There exist several ways to determine variable importance, e.g.
Decision Trees, Random Forests, Chi-square, and Regression. We deal
with tree-based variable importance, like (Arthur et al., 2010) did. It

63.01%
33.76%
33.76%
32.86%
33.71%
33.71%
76.62%
46.58%

162

D. Eﬀrosynidis et al.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

Fig. 4. Presence (green) and absence (red) points of seagrass in Mediterranean (above) and Sicily (below).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information on the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the given context.