Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Empirical data 

2.2.1. Study area

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

example  OpenSoundscape  (http://opensoundscape.org/en/latest/),  a 
platform that allows users to develop their own custom CNN for a spe-
cies detection and identification from their field-collected acoustic data. 
Making decisions  about the most  appropriate  survey  methods and 
monitoring schemes is a key step in the conservation and management of 
bobwhite  and  other  species.  The  financial  and  labor  costs  of  each 
method  vary  greatly  and  across  different  points  in  the  process.  For 
example, the purchase of multiple ARUs is initially expensive (generally 
around $300–$500 dollars a unit), yet is a more cost effective long term 
monitoring  investment  and  labor  costs  are  low.  In  contrast,  human 
observer  point  counts  are  significantly  cheaper  financially,  yet  labor 
costs reduce the number of survey points and time periods over which 
the data can be collected. SCR methods, especially if additional telem-

Recordings were analyzed using a previously developed CNN model 
(Nolan  et  al., 2022)  trained on covey call  spectrogram data collected 
separately to this study from Di-Lane and other sites around Georgia and 
Alabama,  USA.  Our  covey  call  acoustic  CNN  is  trained  to  detect  and 
localize all covey calls per ARU during the recording period and note 
their associated time and peak power (dB). We chose to use a relatively 
conservative  score  threshold  echoing  that  of  other  similar  studies 
ˇ
Sirovi´c, 2021; Ruff et al., 2020), where only calls that 
(Rasmussen and 
received a score of 0.95 or higher were officially classified as a positive 
bobwhite detection. All CNN detections at a 0.95 score threshold from a 
random sample of five one-hour files from each year were then manually 
reviewed to evaluate model accuracy and to calculate a false positive 
rate “i.e. how many calls were incorrectly labelled as bobwhite”. Across

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The method utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline is through the deployment of autonomous recording units (ARUs) in the field. These devices are capable of continuously recording audio data, which can later be processed and analyzed using various techniques such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Additionally, there are platforms available, such as OpenSoundscape, that allow users to develop their own custom CNNs for species detection and identification from their field-collected acoustic data. Other methods mentioned include human observer point counts, but these have been noted to have high labor costs and limit the amount of data that can be collected.