Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Results

We  calibrated  models  for  classification  challenges  using  different  numbers  of  training 
steps, and considered two factors to find optima for training TensorFlow (Khalighifar et al. 
2019): correct identification rate and processing time. As a result, for all challenges except 
Challenge 3, we chose 4000 training steps as an optimum number. For Challenge 3, given 
the number of species (41 species), 8000 training steps proved to be the optimum number. 
The details of results associated with each classification task are as follows:

Challenge 1

We  created  a  confusion  matrix  to  depict  TensorFlow’s  initial  results  with  20  species 
(Fig. 3). The overall correct identification rate was 94.3%. We achieved 100% correct iden-
tification rate for 11, and 90% or above for 17, species. The lowest identification rates were 
for closely-related species Platymantis isarog and P. montanus, with 70 and 75% correct

647

Model architecture

Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are a subset of DNNs that are specialized for image 
classification  tasks  and  pattern  recognition.  One  of  the  main  advantages  of  CNNs  is  the 
ability to perform automated feature extraction, eliminating the need for hand-crafted fea-
ture  extraction.  CNN  architecture  is  built  on  three  types  of  layers:  (1)  convolutional  lay-
ers,  which  are  the  most  important  because  they  apply  hierarchical  feature  extraction  and 
decomposition  of  input  images;  (2)  pooling  layers,  which  carry  out  operations  to  reduce 
numbers of parameters and necessary computation; and (3) fully connected layers, which 
perform the actual classification at the end of the pipeline.

Challenge 3

Training  TensorFlow  on  all  41  species,  we  observed  a  mere  0.2%  decline  in  overall  cor-
rect identification rate (i.e., overall correct identification rate for 41 species was 94.1 ver-
sus 94.3% for 20 species in Challenge 1). Although we added 21 species to the reference 
library, we observed no negative impact on correct identification rates, even though such 
impacts were noted in our previous work (Khalighifar et al. 2019). TensorFlow was able 
to identify 37 of 41 species with ≥ 90% correct identification rate; 17 species were identi-
fied with 100% identification rate. The lowest correct identification rates were for P. isarog 
and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70% (Supplementary Table S1). Similar to 
Challenge 1, no species was detected to be mis-identified repeatedly as another species in 
particular.

Challenge 4

Biodiversity and Conservation (2021) 30:643–657

(2) how does TensorFlow perform when it encounters species that do not exist in its 
reference library? To answer these questions, we generated 20 spectrograms per spe-
cies for this new dataset, resulting in a total of 440 spectrograms, to be subjected to 
identification using the CNN developed in Challenge 1.

3.  Challenging TensorFlow to identify all 41 species for which recordings are available 
We increased the number of species in the TensorFlow reference library to 41 by add-
ing 21 new, undescribed species (one species in the new dataset was already present 
in reference library, owing to a recent taxonomic change; Brown et al. 2015b). Then, 
we followed the same procedure as in Challenge 1, to test performance on a reference 
library that is twice as large as the original (i.e., 41 classes).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Two metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model: correct identification rate and processing time. The correct identification rate measures the percentage of correctly identified species, while the processing time indicates the efficiency of the model. In Challenge 1, the overall correct identification rate was 94.3%, with 11 species having a 100% correct identification rate and 17 species having a 90% or higher correct identification rate. In Challenge 3, the overall correct identification rate was slightly lower at 94.1%, but still high considering there were 41 species instead of 20. TensorFlow was able to identify 37 of the 41 species with a 90% or higher correct identification rate, including 17 species with a 100% correct identification rate. The lowest correct identification rates were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 with 70%. No species was found to be consistently misidentified as another particular species.