Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10241716

The current study deals with two different analysis. First, we inves-
tigated  the  applicability  of  a  neural  network  based  semantic  image 
segmentation on biocrust image data to enable an automated biocrust 
monitoring over different ecosystems and over long periods of time. And 
finally, in order to improve the problem of insufficient transferability of 
deep learning models between datasets obtained with different camera 
sensors(with  different  sensor  construction,  sensor  size  and/or  resolu-
tion), different device settings (with different aperture, field of view and 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024172S. Herdy et al.

When  it  comes  to  the  application  of  deep  learning  models,  it  is 
mandatory to train the model on training data that resemble the data, on 
which  the model will be applied  later. If the  model is  applied over  a 
longer period of time (as it can be the case in long term biomonitoring), 
the training dataset and the dataset, on which the model is applied can 
have  different  data  distributions  due  to  some  reasons,  like  different 
recording  conditions  (brightness,  scale)  or  recording  devices/sensors 
(contrast,  resolution).  This  is  a  well-known  phenomenon  called  data 
drift  or  domain  drift  (Farahani  et  al.,  2020).  Thus,  it  is  necessary  to 
create specific datasets tailored to the desired application. The field of 
machine learning that is dealing with this discrepancy across domain 
distributions, is called domain adaption, with the aim of increasing the 
transferability of models to datasets with similar statistical properties.

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the deployment platform for the deep learning model in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this query.