Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3857  -  WGS  84  (Map  data  ©2015  Google)  from  QuickMapServices 
plugin in QGIS.

Congedo, L., 2021. Semi-automatic classification plugin: A Python tool for the download 
and processing of remote sensing images in QGIS. J. Open Source Softw. 6 (64), 
3172. 

Couteron, P., Barbier, N., Proisy, C., P´elissier, R., Vincent, G., 2012. Linking remote- 
sensing information to tropical forest structure: the crucial role of modelling. 
Earthzine 4, 1–4. 

Dadhwal, V.K., Singh, S., Patil, P., 2009. Assessment of phytomass carbon pools in forest 

ecosystems in India. NNRMS Bull. 41. 

Daryaei, A., Sohrabi, H., Atzberger, C., Immitzer, M., 2020. Fine-scale detection of 

vegetation in semi-arid mountainous areas with focus on riparian landscapes using 
Sentinel-2 and UAV data. Comput. Electron. Agric. 177, 105686.

bined with other types of data in an efficient, for example in a model- 
assisted framework (e.g., Ståhl et al., 2016) or hierarchical modelling 
(e.g., Saarela et al., 2016, 2018).

Another finding is that Sentinel-2 provide data that can be used to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that the data used in this case involves remote sensing images, which could be in various formats such as GeoTIFF, JPEG, or PNG. The context also mentions the use of Sentinel-2 data, which provides multispectral high-resolution optical imagery. Additionally, there is a reference to the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) data, which could include images or videos captured by drones. It should be noted that the exact format of these data would depend on how they were processed and prepared for input into the deep learning pipeline.