Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

X 
√ 

X 
√ 
√ 

(continued on next page) 

EcologicalInformatics74(2023)1019888S. Fischer et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

(continued ) 

Species name 

Location habitat 

Survey type & method

Patykowski, J., Cowie, I., Cuff, N., Chong, C., Nano, C., Jobson, P., Lewis, D., 2021. Can 
sampling for vegetation characterisation surrogate for species richness? Case studies 
from the wet–dry tropics of northern Australia. Aust. J. Bot. 69, 375–385. https:// 
doi.org/10.1071/BT20158. 

PDA Solutions, 2021. Morcombe and Stewart Guide To Birds of Australia. 
Rankin, S., Oedekoven, C., Archer, F., 2020. Mark recapture distance sampling: using 

acoustics to estimate the fraction of dolphins missed by observers during shipboard 
line-transect surveys. Environ. Ecol. Stat. 27, 233–251. https://doi.org/10.1007/ 
s10651-020-00443-7. 

Rappole, J.H., McShea, W.J., Jorge, V.-R., 1993. Evaluation of two survey methods in 
upland avian breeding communities (Evaluaci´on de Dos M´etodos de Censos en 
Comunidades de Aves Montanas). J. Field Ornithol. 64, 55–70.

Crimson Finch (Neochmia phaeton phaeton) 
Dollarbird (Eurystomus orientalis) 
Double-barred Finch (Taeniopygia bichenovii annulosa) 
Dusky Honeyeater (Myzomela obscura obscura) 
Eastern Koel (Eudynamys orientalis subcyanocephala) 
Forest Kingfisher (Todiramphus macleayii macleayii) 
Galah (Eolophus roseicapillus) 
Great Bowerbird (Ptilonorhynchus nuchalis nuchalis) 
Green-backed Gerygone (Gerygone chloronota) 
Grey Butcherbird (Cracticus torquatus colletti) 
Grey Whistler (Pachycephala simplex simplex) 
Grey-crowned Babbler (Pomatostomus temporalis rubeculus) 
Helmeted Friarbird (Philemon buceroides ammitophila) 
Intermediate Egret (Ardea intermedia) 
Jacky Winter (Microeca fascinans pallida) 
Large-billed Gerygone (Gerygone magnirostris magnirostris) 
Lemon-bellied Flycatcher (Microeca flavigaster flavigaster) 
Little Bronze-Cuckoo (Chalcites minutillus minutillus) 
Little Corella (Cacatua sanguinea sanguinea) 
Little Friarbird (Philemon citreogularis sodidus)

5.2. Species detection per session and habitat 

The results of the linear mixed modelling (Table 4) concur with that 
of the overall pooled data with the survey type and the interaction be-
tween  survey  type  and  survey  method  being  statistically  significant 
(Fig. 4.). 

The interaction between habitat and survey type was strongly sig-
nificant whereas the interaction between habitat and survey method was 
not (Fig. 5.). 

6. Discussion

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of a specific model were optimized. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether they used techniques such as grid search or random search based solely on this excerpt.