Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019143L. Hysen et al.

Fig. 2. Diagram showing the procedure used to build models. (a) Obtain presences (red circles) and generate background points (black triangles). (b) Separate data 
into folds. (c) Set aside one fold to use as an external evaluation dataset and keep the remaining folds as training data. (d) Perform scale optimization for envi-
ronmental covariates: calculate focal statistics for each covariate using a moving window of radius equal to each scale to be tested, then compare scales using t-tests. 
(e) Subsample background points in the training data to create three datasets: one with the number of background points equal to the number of presences (1×), one 
with a number of background points equal to 10 times the number of presences (10×), and 10,000 background points (10K). Keep the number of presences the same. 
(f) Train component models separately using each background point subsample. (g) Evaluate component models using the evaluation dataset (using AUC and TSS).

number of presences, (c) 10,000 background points, and (d) optimized background points for each component 
model. Among regression-based approaches, MARS performed best when built with 10,000 background points. 
Among machine learning models, RF performed the best when built with equal presences and background points. 
Among the four ensemble models, AUC indicated that the best performing model was the ensemble with each 
component model including the optimized number of background points, while TSS increased as the number of 
background  points  models  increased.  We  found  that  an  ensemble  of  models,  each  trained  with  an  optimal 
number of background points, outperformed ensembles of models trained with the same number of background 
points, although differences in performance were slight. When using a single modeling method, RF with equal 
number of presences and background points can perform better than an ensemble model, but the performance

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019146L. Hysen et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

answering certain questions (Sofaer et al., 2019). Either way, this pro-
vides a clear argument for the need to carefully consider the question at 
hand and the makeup of data used to train component models prior to 
performing the analysis. However, the result strongly suggests the need 
for  further  work  using  controlled  simulations  (e.g.,  Chiaverini  et  al., 
2021; Atzeni et al., 2020; Kumar et al., 2021) that can generate known 
habitat  relationships.  A  simulation  experiment  would  then  enable 
objective assessment of which of the metrics (TSS or AUC) is performing 
correctly, or if both are biased in different ways across the parameter 
space. 

4.3. Consensus-building methods

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not mention any specific platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform being used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which platform was used based on the given context.