Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on November 16,2023 at 09:41:16 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

978-1-5090-1537-5/16/$31.00 ©2016 IEEEA. Classiﬁcation Process

Image representations extracted from deep neural networks,
trained on large datasets such as ImageNet [9] and ﬁne tuned
on domain speciﬁc datasets, have shown state-of-art perfor-
mance in numerous image classiﬁcation problems [14]. The
activation vectors of the ﬁrst fully connected layer of a pre-
trained VGGnet [24] are employed as feature representations
in our work. The weights of this deep network are ﬁne tuned
using the Benthoz15 dataset [23] which consists of expert-
annotated and geo-referenced marine images from Australian
seas.

Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) [9], also known as
deep networks, are an important class of machine learning
algorithms applicable, among others, to numerous computer
vision problems. Deep CNNs, in particular, are composed of
multiple layers of processing involving linear as well as non-
linear operators. To solve a particular task, the parameters of
networks are learned in an end-to-end manner. Image represen-
tations extracted from deep CNNs trained on a large dataset
such as ImageNet [10] have shown to produce a promising
performance for diverse classiﬁcation and recognition tasks
[11], [12], [13], [14] and [15]. Spatial pyramid pooling (SPP)
[16] and Multi-scale Orderless Pooling (MOP) [17] schemes
have made CNNs independent of the input image size and
robust for diverse classiﬁcation and recognition applications.
In this paper, we propose a computer vision and deep
learning based framework for the automatic annotation of

the

Index Terms—corals, deep learning, marine images, classiﬁca-

tion, marine ecosystems.

I. INTRODUCTION

The automatic annotation of marine images allows for trans-
formational ecological outcomes by standardizing methods
to detect and identify species. It frees up experts from the
tediously repetitive task of manual annotation. It also enables
rapid and accurate processing of massive datasets. An ever
expanding human activity coupled with climate change have
severely damaged marine ecosystems, which play a key role
in our planet’s ability to sustain life. Yet accurate automated
technology to monitor the health of our oceans exist only on a
limited scale. Marine scientists still have to manually annotate
a massive amount of raw underwater imagery. This research
aims to address this bottleneck by developing advanced deep
learning and computer vision based models for automatic
annotation of imagery from coral reefs.

[16] Y. Gong, L. Wang, R. Guo, and S. Lazebnik, “Multi-scale orderless
pooling of deep convolutional activation features,” in Computer Vision–
ECCV 2014, pp. 392–407, Springer, 2014.

[17] K. He, X. Zhang, S. Ren, and J. Sun, “Spatial pyramid pooling in deep
convolutional networks for visual recognition,” in European Conference
on Computer Vision (ECCV), pp. 346–361, Springer, 2014.

[18] L. Edwards, “Catami classiﬁcation scheme for scoring marine biota and
substrata in underwater imagery,” CATAMI Classiﬁcation Scheme for
Scoring Marine Biota and Substrata in Underwater Imagery, pp. 1–17,
2013.

[19] M. D. Stokes and G. B. Deane, “Automated processing of coral reef
benthic images,” Limnology and Oceanography: Methods, vol. 7, no. 2,
pp. 157–168, 2009.

[20] O. Pizarro, P. Rigby, M. Johnson-Roberson, S. B. Williams, and
J. Colquhoun, “Towards image-based marine habitat classiﬁcation,” in
OCEANS 2008, pp. 1–7, IEEE, 2008.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available in the given context about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, including strategies related to managing random seed values. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful response to this specific query based solely on the provided text.