Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

‖ps‖2 + ‖qt‖2 + b2

s + b2

t

)

(4) 

Consequently, the unknown parameters bs, bt, ps, qt can be estimated 
optimizing  the  regularized  cost  function  using  stochastic  gradient 
descent: 

ps, qt, bs, bt = argmin
ps,qt ,bs,bt

L .

2.2. Embedding layers 

(5)  

Embedding  layers  are  modules  of  deep  neural  networks  that  are 
generally  implemented  in  natural  language  processing  problems 
(Sharma  et  al.,  2020)  and  collaborative  filtering  (He  et  al.,  2017) 
because they can solve the one-hot encoding problem (Yu et al., 2022), 
where the latent representations in the classic models are composed of 
sparse representations generally using vectors mainly composed of zero 
layers  replace  such  dispersed  vectors  with 
values.  Embedding

We  trained  algorithms  with  the  amount  of  data  available  after 
manually  removing  the  testing  set,  as  described  above.  During  the 
training, 10% of data served as the validation set to check for overfitting. 
We used a min-max scaler reverted at the end to compute the perfor-
mance metrics in the test set. In all cases, we used a batch size of 64 
samples and trained the algorithm during 100 epochs using Adam as the 
algorithm  to  optimize  the  network  parameters.  Algorithms  were 
implemented in Pytorch (Paszke et al., n.d.) and models were trained 
and tested in Google Colaboratory.2

lations and adapt well to data generated by WSNs (de Wolff et al., 2021), 
if such data do not present a substantial loss of information (Liu et al., n. 
d.;  Liu  et  al.,  2018).  However,  this  represents  a  significant  challenge 
because, currently, the information generated by low-cost WSNs should 
be pre-processed, and, at the same time, the data assurance and quality 
of their growing volume of information should be maintained. Hence, 
matrix factorization (MF) (Rivera-Mu˜noz et al., 2021), and their variants 
using deep learning (Deep Matrix Factorization - DMF) emerged as an 
alternative because they can recover a significant amount of information 
that was not sampled by modeling non-linear interactions of input data 
(sensors,  time  instants).  This  property  enables  the  exploitation  of  the 
spatial-temporal  correlations  and  a  better  adaptation  to  the  data  of 
WSNs (De Handschutter et al., 2021; Xue et al., 2017a).

ei, Θ(1)

(cid:0)

(cid:0)

)

, ..Θ(h)

)

, Θ(h+1)

)

(13)  

where W denotes the matrix of weights in each layer; bi, the bias vector; 
g(.),  the  sigmoid  activation  function;  Θ(j),  the  hyperparameters  of  the 
network, i.e., Θ(j) = {W(j), bi
(j)), j = 1, 2, . . , h +
1; and h, the number of hidden layers in the network. 

(j)} ,g(j)(t, Θ(j)) =g(j)(W(j), bi

Lastly, according to (Fan and Cheng, 2018), the model presented in 
Eq.(13) is finally known as DMF. In this case, it will be called DMF1 and 
used to reconstruct the non-observed representations n in matrix M. 

2.4. Variations of the proposed DMF model 

This  section  presents  the  design  of  three  DMF  models  that  can 
complement the DMF1 model (see Fig. 2) by including spatial-temporal 
features,  which  vary  the  dimension  d  of  the  embedding  layers  in 
accordance with the information to be represented. In this sense, the aim 
of this proposal is to consolidate an approach to reconstruct signals that

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit details about specific measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model. However, there are some indications that suggest certain practices were followed. For instance, the authors mention manually removing the testing set, implying that they had separate training and testing datasets. Additionally, during the training process, 10% of the data was used as a validation set to check for overfitting. These practices align with common methods used to improve the generalizability of machine learning models, such as using diverse datasets and employing techniques like cross-validation or stratified splitting. Nevertheless, without more detailed information, it cannot be confirmed if these exact methods were employed.