Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To prevent spatial autocorrelation between neighboring tiles, the
tiles retrieved from all 50 training photographs were collected in one
folder and shuﬄed, before they were split into training, validation and
test set. In this regard, the validation set is used during training for the
ﬁne tuning of hyperparameters and model selection (Hastie et al.,
2009). Only after the best model setup has been found, its prediction
error is assessed once again on the test set. For splitting the whole set of
samples into the three sets, we ﬁrst took a random sample of 10% from
the total number of tiles as validation set and then a further sample of
10% as test set. The remaining 80% of the tiles were used as training
set. To further increase the number of sample tiles, we performed data
augmentation on the training set. Data augmentation is a common
practice in machine learning to artiﬁcially increase the number of
training samples by applying slight transformation on the original data,

All statistics were performed in R (version 3.3.1). The best model
was chosen based on the two parameters accuracy and loss, whereby
loss serves as a measure on how far model predictions diﬀer from the
actual class. Model accuracy and loss were calculated for both training
and validation set. We tested the performance of the ﬁnal model on two
diﬀerent data sets: 1) on individual tiles and 2) on whole repeat pho-
tographs. Prediction accuracy on individual tiles was calculated using
the 5796 tiles from the test set (= 10%), which has been separated from
the total number of samples before training. We evaluated the accuracy
on whole repeat photographs based on the image pairs of the second set
of photographs. The classiﬁcation results for each of these 34 images
were compared to the corresponding manual classiﬁcation (reference
data). A confusion matrix was prepared for each photograph in-
dividually. The confusion matrix consists of pixel numbers for true

Ecological Informatics 50 (2019) 220–233

Fig. 5. Learning process for loss (left) and model accuracy (right) over 90 epochs. The gap between training and validation accuracy is caused by using dropout on
the training data only.

variability in desert grassland vegetation. In: Webb, R.H., Boyer, D.E., Turner, R.M.
(Eds.), Repeat Photography: Methods and Applications in the Natural Sciences. Island
Press, Washington, pp. 145–166.

Vihinen, M., 2012. How to evaluate performance of prediction methods? Measures and
their interpretation in variation eﬀect analysis. BMC Genomics 13, S2. https://doi.
org/10.1186/1471-2164-13-S4-S2.

Michel, P., Mathieu, R., Mark, A.F., 2010. Spatial analysis of oblique photo-point images
for quantifying spatio-temporal changes in plant communities. Appl. Veg. Sci. 13,
173–182. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1654-109X.2009.01059.x.

Voulodimos, A., Doulamis, N., Doulamis, A., Protopapadakis, E., 2018. Deep learning for
computer vision: a brief review. Comput. Intell. Neurosci. 1–13. https://doi.org/10.
1155/2018/7068349.

Milioto, A., Lottes, P., Stachniss, C., 2017. Real-time blob-wise sugar beets vs weeds

Wäldchen, J., Rzanny, M., Seeland, M., Mäder, P., 2018. Automated plant species

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific method used for hyperparameter optimization, such as grid search or random search. However, it mentions that the validation set is used during training for fine-tuning hyperparameters and model selection. This suggests that some form of iterative optimization process was employed to find the best combination of hyperparameters. Without more detailed information, it cannot be determined whether grid search, random search, or another method like Bayesian Optimization or Gradient-based Optimization was utilized.