Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

Perhaps  more  promising,  however,  are  emerging  methods  that 
incorporate  the  human  ability  to  see  patterns  with  machine  learning 
methods used for classification, for example “human in the loop” clas-
sification (Buscombe et al., 2022). This could speed up the classification 
of  larger  areas,  and  might  also  enable  finer  classification  of  woody 
vegetation,  especially  in  the  NAIP  imagery.  This  method  could  be 
particularly successful using the four-band spectral information in the 
images  from  2009-present  to  try  to  differentiate  vegetation  types. 
Another possibility would be to use the Normalized Difference Vegeta-
tion  Index  (NDVI)  for  the  four-band  imagery  to  aid  in  classification.

However, there are disadvantages to the manual delineation method 
we  used  for  classification,  largely  that  it  was  labor-intensive,  which 
impacted the quantity of imagery we could classify as well as our vali-
dation  methods.  Having  two  classifiers  working  together,  one  with 
knowledge of the imagery (M.V. Eitzel, MVE) and one with knowledge 
of the field sites (Daniel Sarna-Wojcicki, DSW), resulted in much more 
accurate  classifications  than  a  classifier  working  more  independently 
(Sean  Hogan,  SH)  –  but  this  method  took  a  large  number  of  person-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly mention the use of a deep learning model; however, it discusses the application of machine learning methods for image classification purposes. Specifically, these methods are employed to automatically or supervise the classification process, potentially improving the efficiency and accuracy of land cover categorization. The authors suggest that incorporating human pattern recognition abilities with machine learning techniques, such as "human in the loop" classification, could further enhance the performance of these models. Additionally, utilizing multi-spectral imagery and indices like the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) may help improve the discrimination of various vegetation types. Therefore, based on the given context, the primary objective of employing machine learning methods appears to be automated or semi-automated image classification, particularly for distinguishing diverse vegetation categories.