Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

Drought, which started in the mid-90s and ended in late 2010.

ln(1 (cid:0) T + ε) )1/n2

,

(10)  

(11)  

where D2 is the dry spell duration that causes the species to decline to the 
worst possible condition. It is defined depending on whether the target is 
on a recovery or declining trajectory. 

D2 = D2,D(1 (cid:0) T) + D2,RT,

D2,R = γICδ,

D2,D = ζICη.

(12)  

(13)  

(14) 

Eqs.  (13)  and  (14)  ensure  a  physically  meaningful  D2  value  by 
asserting that the time taken to decline to the lowest condition is zero if 
the target is already in a lower condition. 

4.1.3. Distance weighting under dry spell 

Three parameters are included to bound the target’s condition below 
based  on  the  proximity  to  any  river  channel  (Table  1).  Even  though 
flooding  is  a  significant  driver  of  ecological  health  in  floodplains, 
ecological targets sufficiently close to the river channel can maintain at 
least  a  minimum  condition  without  flooding.  The worst  condition  Cw 
becomes a variable and is calculated as: 

(cid:0)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to provide the requested information.