Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A =

44
12

∑9

i=1

GiKiEi

(2-1)  

where  i  is  the  type  of  energy  source;  Gi  is  the  annual  consumption 
amount of energy i, Ei  is the standard coal conversion factor of energy 
source type i, and each type of energy consumption can be converted to 
standard coal consumption based on its calorific value; Ki is the emission 
coefficient of CO2 for each type of energy source; and 44/12 is the molar 
ratio of CO2  to C. The energy consumption statistics of this study are 
broadly classified into nine categories, encompassing raw coal, crude, 
coke, gasoline, kerosene, diesel fuel, fuel oil, natural gas, and electricity. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024544Y. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

2.3.2. Constructing provincial-scale fitting models

System, n.d.). Table 1 shows the specific data types and their sources.

Its  data  sources  mainly  include  the  following:  (1)  The  nighttime 
lighting data is extended NPP-VIIRS-like NTL Data for 2000–2021. The 
dataset  is  available  for  free  download  at  the  National  Earth  System 
Science Data Centre (National Earth System Science Data Center, n.d.). 
(2) Provincial statistical energy data for 2000–2021 are obtained from 
the China Statistical Yearbook (China Statistical Press, n.d.), municipal 
statistical data are obtained from the Xi'an Statistical Yearbook (Xi'an 
Municipal  Bureau  of  Statistics,  n.d.),  and  carbon  emission  factors  for 
various energy sources are obtained from the “2019 Refinement to the 
2006  IPCC  Guidelines  for  National  Greenhouse  Gas  Inventory”.  (3) 
Administrative  boundary  data  for  Xi'an  (district,  county,  and  street 
administrative  boundaries)  were  provided  by  the  National  Basic 
Geographic Information System (National Basic Geographic Information

2.3.3. Raster data evaluation and correction 

Validating accuracy is a critical step in evaluating model construc-
tion. In this study, we assessed the accuracy of the urban carbon emis-
sion estimates by comparing the errors between the fitted values and the 
statistical values of carbon emissions. As shown in Table 2, there were 
significant relative errors during the period of 2000–2004. This implies 
that the estimation of carbon emissions based on NPP-VIIRS-like NTL 
data  showed significant  inaccuracies during the  early stages of  urban 
lighting development in the reform and opening-up period. 

To  overcome  the  above  errors  and  to  further  enhance  the  spatial 
precision  in  simulating  carbon  emissions,  this  study  incorporates  the 
zero-error  method  of  provincial  carbon  emission  estimation.  Specif-
ically,  the  initial  estimated  carbon  emissions  and  statistical  carbon

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the metrics used to evaluate the performance of any deep learning model. However, it mentions that the accuracy of urban carbon emission estimates was evaluated by comparing the errors between the fitted values and the statistical values of carbon emissions. This suggests that error analysis might have been one of the methods used to evaluate the performance of the model employed in estimating carbon emissions. Common metrics used to evaluate the performance of deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, and AUC. These metrics help determine how well the model performs in predicting or classifying new data points.