Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To  expand  this  approach  to  the  broader  community,  we  have 
identified three important challenges for future research. First, future 
developments  should  account  for  the  large  variability  in  the  size  of 
target  calls  (i.e.  templates).  Introducing  recurrent  connections  in  the 
CNN, or other architecture modifications could potentially reduce the 
negative  effects  of  window  size.  Second,  previous  studies  have  found 
data  augmentation  to  significantly  improve  performance  (Kahl  et  al., 
2019).  In  these  cases,  training  data  was  mainly  based  on  monodirec-
tional  recordings  of  single  species,  and  data  augmentation  (i.e.  noise 
addition)  apparently  helped  to  emulate  the  conditions  of  soundscape 
recordings.  The  effect  may  be  reduced  for  training  data  collected  di-
rectly from soundscapes, as in this study. Still, data augmentation may

2.3.  Model training 

2.3.1.  Training data preprocessing 

The  CNN  model  used  in  this  study  requires  equally  sized  input 
images. We chose a time-frequency input window size of 2 s as it is near 
the mean and median template duration across target call types (Fig. 2). 
Most  call  types  have  a  duration  below  1  s,  and  for  those  above  2  s,

be  necessary  to  increase  the  training  data  size  for  rare  species.  Thus, 
future  efforts  should  investigate  optimal  data  augmentation  methods 
for  bioacoustic  recognition.  Third,  an  important  challenge  will  be  to 
maintain  high  accuracy  while  increasing  the  efficiency  of  prediction. 
This  will  require  increasing  the  prediction  speed  and  decreasing  the 
memory  footprint  of  the  model by  investigating  other  network archi-
tectures and reducing the number of parameters.

learning, wherein a model already optimized for a similar dataset is re- 
trained with new data. We used a ResNet50 model, pre-trained on the 
ImageNet dataset, which contains over one million photo images across

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, the specific data augmentation technique applied in the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned. However, there is a reference to 'noise addition' as a form of data augmentation. This technique involves adding artificial noise to the existing data samples to create new ones, thereby increasing the amount of training data available. It is also suggested that data augmentation may help emulate the conditions of soundscape recordings, implying that the original data might have been recorded under controlled conditions. Furthermore, the text suggests that data augmentation may be necessary to increase the training data size for rare species. Therefore, while the exact techniques such as flipping, rotating, or scaling are not specified, it can be inferred that some form of data augmentation, specifically noise addition, has been applied in the deep learning pipeline.