Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.4. RF model 

In  our  study,  we  adopted  a  grid  search  approach  to  optimize  the

reproducibility, and we evaluated multiple seeds to select the one that 
provides  the  most  stable  and  reliable  results.  To  carry  out  the  grid 
search, we defined a range of potential values for each parameter based 
on  prior  knowledge  and  literature  review.  The  grid  search  then 
exhaustively tested all possible combinations of these values and eval-
uated the model’s  performance using cross-validation techniques. For 
each  combination,  we  utilized  the  RMSE  as  the  evaluation  metric, 
aiming to minimize the RMSE to achieve the most accurate predictions. 
By employing the grid search method, we aimed to optimize the model’s 
hyperparameters and enhance its ability to generalize well to new, un-
seen data, making it a robust and effective tool for our regression task. 
The  winning  parameters  are  as  follows:  numberOfTrees:  150,  min-
LeafPopulation: 3, bagFraction: 1, and seed: 123.

parameters of our machine learning model. Specifically, we focused on 
tuning  several  critical  parameters,  namely  ‘numberOfTrees’,  ‘min-
LeafPopulation’, ‘bagFraction’, and ‘seed’. The ‘numberOfTrees’ repre-
sents the number of decision trees in the ensemble, and through the grid 
search, we explored different values to determine the ideal number of 
trees  that  balances  model  complexity  and  predictive  performance. 
Similarly, ‘minLeafPopulation’  refers to the minimum number of sam-
ples required to form a leaf node in each tree. We experimented with 
various values to find the optimal setting that prevents overfitting while 
capturing meaningful patterns in the data. The ‘bagFraction’  indicates 
the proportion of the training dataset used to train each individual tree, 
and  we  searched  for  the  best  value  to  enhance  model  diversity  and 
generalization. Lastly, ‘seed’  is a random number seed used to ensure

Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian, 2020. Google earth engine for geo-big data applications: 
a meta-analysis and systematic review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 164, 
152–170. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A., 2021. Comparison of machine and deep 
learning methods to estimate shrub willow biomass from UAS imagery. Can. J. 
Remote. Sens. 47 (2), 209–227. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B., 2021a. A comparison of decision tree-based 
models for forest above-ground biomass estimation using a combination of airborne 
lidar and landsat data. In: ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing & 
Spatial Information Sciences, 3. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to provide a specific answer regarding which hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model. The text only discusses the optimization process of the Random Forest (RF) model, including the use of a grid search approach, hyperparameter tuning, and cross-validation techniques. However, no details about the hardware resources used during this process are mentioned. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to your query based solely on the provided context.