Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Machine learning models

2.6. Machine learning models

Learning models applied. In Section 3 results from CA, TSA and Machine
Learning models’ prediction are displayed and these results are dis-
cussed in Section 4.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026559A.F. del Castillo et al.

but using a similar number of inputs, resulting in similar model effi-
ciency. Intelligent models based on extreme learning machine were
proposed to predict WQI at the Kinta River basin using seven WQPs as
inputs, obtaining a RMSE = 3.606 for training and RMSE = 3.816 for
testing (Abba et al., 2020). The efficiency of the machine learning
models developed in this research can be attributed to the precise data
selection for model training using clusters and time series analysis.

5. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the specific purpose of the deep learning model used in the study. However, it mentions that intelligent models based on extreme learning machines were proposed to predict Water Quality Index (WQI) at the Kinta River basin using seven water quality parameters (WQPs) as inputs. Therefore, we can infer that the purpose of the deep learning model was likely related to making predictions or estimations regarding water quality indices based on various input parameters. This could involve tasks such as regression or forecasting, but without more detailed information, it cannot be definitively stated whether the model was specifically designed for classification, segmentation, or detection purposes.