Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Segmentation and classiﬁcation strategies in eCognition are still
rapidly evolving; methods and rule sets for automatically selecting
segmentation parameters are under development (Dragut et al.,
2010, 2014; Martha et al., 2012), but there is not yet consensus on
best practices. Better classiﬁcations, which could then better capture
the process of interest, may be possible as these tools develop fur-
ther. Machine learning techniques are being brought together with

M.V. Eitzel et al. / Ecological Informatics 31 (2016) 100–111

109

segmentation to more automatically classify images (Nancy Thomas,
personal communication). This set of approaches with historical im-
agery could become more powerful as new methods are developed.
We do caution that even with machine learning, some supervision
and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or
other data sources are still necessary (Sexton et al., 2015).

2.3. Pre-processing of imagery

For the 2009 NAIP imagery, we used all four bands (R, G, B and IR)
and per-pixel NDVI, and for historical imagery we used the image
brightness and the six GLCM texture measures. We ﬁrst used multi-
resolution segmentation with a large scale parameter to mask forest
and prairie from each other, and then multi-threshold segmentation
on various bands to classify within those areas (Gärtner et al., 2014).
Using ArcGIS's ‘classify’ tool for raster symbology, we examined

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it mentions that segmentation and classification strategies in eCognition are rapidly evolving, including the use of machine learning techniques for automatic image classification. The authors also mention using multi-resolution segmentation with a large scale parameter to mask forest and prairie from each other, and multi-threshold segmentation on various bands to classify within those areas. Additionally, they note that even with machine learning, some supervision and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or other data sources are still necessary.