Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Eng. 82, 35–45. 

Kavitha, C., Gadekallu, T.R., Kavin, B.P., Lai, W.-C., 2023. Filter-based ensemble feature 
selection and deep learning model for intrusion detection in cloud computing. 
Electronics 12, 556. 

Kumar, U., Jain, V., 2010. ARIMA forecasting of ambient air pollutants (O 3, NO, NO 2 

and CO). Stoch. Env. Res. Risk A. 24, 751–760. 

Lawin, H., Ayi Fanou, L., Hinson, V., Wanjiku, J., Ukwaja, N.K., Gordon, S.B., Fayomi, B., 

Balmes, J.R., Houngbegnon, P., Avokpaho, E., 2017. Exhaled carbon monoxide: a 
non-invasive biomarker of short-term exposure to outdoor air pollution. BMC Public 
Health 17, 1–5. 

Singh, S.K., Tiwari, A.K., Paliwal, H., 2023. A state-of-the-art review on the utilization of 
machine learning in nanofluids, solar energy generation, and the prognosis of solar 
power. Eng. Anal. Bound. Elem. 155, 62–86.

Deep  learning  methods  are  being  widely  applied to  create  models 
directly from large volumes of complex data (Seng et al., 2021). Deep 
learning methods have superior performance for time-series prediction 
than  do  many  other  models  (Li  et  al.,  2019b).  SLSTM  has  been  suc-
cessfully used to predict agricultural product sales (Yoo and Oh, 2020). 
To mitigate the high price volatility of agricultural products, sales vol-
ume can be forecasted before production for reducing production risks 
and  facilitating  agricultural  planning,  ultimately  minimizing  post-
production  price  fluctuations.  In  a  case  study,  an  SLSTM  model  was 
found  to  exhibit  lower  errors  and  considerably  higher  performance 
compared with the ARIMA, Prophet, and LSTM models. In another case 
study, an SGRU model was used for successfully predicting the Pacific 
decadal  oscillation  index  at  multiple  time  scales  and  achieved  mean

concentration of atmospheric CO. This model was compared with four 
statistical  models  (ARIMA,  SARIMA,  ETS,  and  HWETS),  one  machine 
learning model (SVR), and one deep learning model (SLSTM) in terms of 
its predictive performance. Model performance was evaluated using the 
MAPE and RMSE metrics. Table 3 presents the average values of these 
metrics for the aforementioned models. The MAPE values of the SGRU 
model were lower than those of the ARIMA, SARIMA, ETS, HWETS, SVR, 
and SLSTM models by 67.60%, 55.98%, 79.85%, 55.72%, 42.43%, and 
20.44%,  respectively,  indicating  that  the  accuracy  of  prediction  was 
significantly higher for the SGRU model than for the other models. As 
presented in Fig. 2, the CO values predicted by the SGRU model were 
close to the actual values. Fig. 3 shows scatter plots of the actual CO 
values and those predicted by the ARIMA, SARIMA, ETS, HWETS, SVR, 
SLSTM, and SGRU models. Compared with the other models, the deep

4.3. Analysis of forecasting results 

In this study, an SGRU-based deep learning approach was adopted to 
develop  a  model  for  accurately  predicting  (over  36  months)  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, such as model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the given context.