Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The relational schema of CASE’s database is shown in Fig. A.18. CASE is based on a concept of Task, i.e., a questionnaire that must be fulfilled by a 
User (i.e., an on-field operator). Each task is composed by a set of Questions, categorized in different types (e.g., multiple answers, date picker) each 
composed by a set of predefined Answers (one of which could be an open answer, defined by the user when selecting the Given answer). The 
dynamic aspect of CASE’s questionnaires lies in the association of each possible answer with a different one to be shown next. Thus, users fulfilling the 
same task may follow different paths of questions depending on the given answers. This enables a customized and efficient user experience, as detailed 
questions on a given topic may be asked only if such a topic has been mentioned by the user. Instances of tasks (i.e., Task on geo-object) are

In the following, we disclose all the details of the main data platform 
components, starting with the presentation of all data sources (Section 
3.2.1)  and  continuing  with  the  integration  and  enrichment  processes 
(Section 3.2.2), the validation and loading processes (Section 3.2.3), and 
concluding with the analytical fruition (Section 3.2.4). 

3.2.1. Data sources

The results of these integration and enrichment activities are mate-
rialized in the Harbor tier of the data platform, which provides an in-
tegrated and comprehensive view of the available data at the finest level 
of detail. The relational schema of the integrated data is discussed in 
Appendix A.2. 

3.2.3. Validation and loading of enriched H. halys captures

Fig. 5. Overview of the data platform.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027137(a)(b)(c)C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 1 
Summary of data sources.  

Source 

Monitoring network 
Satellite images 
Weather 
Environment 

Provider 

CASE 
ESA 
ARPAE 
CER 

Frequency 

Weekly 
2–3 days 
Daily 
Yearly 

Granularity 

Monitoring task 
100 km2 granule 
25 km2 cell 
Environmental element 

Yearly size 

5.2 MB 
370 GB 
6.5 GB 
4.3 GB  

The validated data is then loaded to the Access tier through an in-
cremental  ETL (extract, transform, and load) procedure acquiring the 
validated data from the Harbor tier. 

3.2.4. Analytical fruition

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the information provided, there is no explicit mention of any specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline for this particular case study. Therefore, it cannot be determined what type of data annotation techniques were employed, whether they involve bounding box annotations, instance segmentations, or other methods.