Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Experimental set up 

We  perform  a  complete  experiment  to 
demonstrate the performance of the proposed 
approach.  The  CNN-LSTM  Model  was 
implemented  with  the  python  library,  using 
Theano and Keras. The model parameters are 
optimized  using  gradient  descent  Adam 
algorithm  with  all  parameters  set  to  default 
values.  The system specification details are 
presented in  table 1,  while the detail  of the 
the  proposed 
tensor 
architecture 
the  summary 
presented in Table 2. 

layer  of 
in 

is  shown 

in  each 

Table 1: System requirement for plant specifies identification. 

System requirement 
Central processing unit (CPU) 
Operating system (OS) 
Random access memory (RAM) 
System architecture 

Specifications 
Intel(R)Core i7-4790@ 3.6GHz 
Microsoft window 
16GB 
64bit 

99 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tanzania Journal of Forestry and Nature Conservation, Vol 90, No. 3 (2021) Special Issue: 
Embracing Science and Technology in Nature Conservation. pp 93-103

Generally, the proposed network system has 
20  layers:  12  convolutional  layers,  five 
pooling  layers,  one  Fully  Connected  layer, 
one LSTM layer, and one output layer with 
the  softmax  function  for  classification.  The 
convolutional  layer  with  a  size  of  3  ×  3 
kernels is used for extracting feature and it is 
activated  by  the  ReLU  function.  The  max-
pooling layer with a size of 2 × 2 kernels is 
applied to reduce the dimensions of an input 
image. In the last part of the architecture, the 
function map is shifted to the LSTM layer to 
for 
information 
extract 
classification  purpose.  Using  the  reshape 
method,  the  input  size  of  the  LSTM  layer 
becomes (196,512). After analyzing the time 
features,  the  model  sorts  the  plant  species 
images  through  a  fully  connected  layer  to 

required 

time 

predict whether they belong under any of the 
100 categories of the plant species. 

Experimental set up

structural  elements  i.e.,  number  of  artificial 
neurons  which  is  far  better  compared  to 
traditional  feedforward  neural  networks. 
Figure 3 shows the structure of CNN that can 
be  used  in  many  applications.  For  image 
recognition  applications,  several  baseline 
architectures of CNNs have been developed, 
which  have  been  successfully  applied  to 
complicated  tasks  of  visual  imagery.  The 
common CNN architectures that are largely 
used in image data recognition includes: (i) 
AlexNet  (Krizhevsky  et  al.  2012),  (ii) 
PredNet (Banzi et al. 2019), (iii) GoogLeNet 
(Szegedy  et  al.  2015), 
(iv)  Overfeat 
(Sermanet  et  al.  2014),  and  (v)  VGG 
(Simonyan  et  al.  2014).  These  models  and 
their training and testing processes, are freely 
available for transfer learning purpose.  

Figure 3: The Structure Convolutional Neural Network. 

96

In  this  work,  a  combined  architecture  is 
proposed  where  by  the  CNN  layer  is 
embedded with the long short-term (LSTM) 
memory  layer  to  pass  those  significant 
features extracted in the initial layers to the 
deeper layers of the network. This supports 
effective  aggregation  of  feature  maps  for 
precise classification and ultimately accurate 
recognition.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
A combination of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) is used in the pipeline. Specifically, the proposed network system consists of 20 layers, including 12 convolutional layers, five pooling layers, one fully connected layer, one LSTM layer, and one output layer with the softmax function for classification. The convolutional layer uses a size of 3x3 kernels activated by the ReLU function for extracting features, while the max-pooling layer applies a size of 2x2 kernels to reduce the dimensions of an input image. Finally, the information is passed to the LSTM layer for classification purposes.