Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

5. Conclusions 

This study evaluates the ability of EnMAP simulated data coupled 
with machine learning algorithms to predict two critical water quality 
properties  for  inland  waters  (i.e.,  Chl-a  and  TSS).  To  this  end,  water 
samples were collected from several lakes and ponds in the south of the 
Czech  Republic  concurrent  to  the  hyperspectral  AISA  Eagle  airborne 
imaging campaign. EnMAP simulation data also was generated based on 
the  AISA  Eagle  airborne  data  using  EeteS.  As  demonstrated,  the 
enhanced  spectral  resolution  of  EnMAP  permitted  the  prediction  of 
biochemical properties of small inland waters with acceptable accuracy. 
Additionally, results indicate that Vis/NIR hyperspectral imaging from 
orbit combined with machine learning algorithms has the potential to be 
used as  a  rapid and accurate method  for predicting and  mapping the

Our  study  investigates  the  capability  of  the  environmental  mapping  and  analysis  program  (EnMAP)  scenes 
simulated  using  the  EnMAP  end-to-end  simulator  software  (EeteS)  based  on  the  AISA  Eagle  airborne  data  to 
predict chlorophyll-a (Chl-a) and total suspended solids (TSS) as two of the most crucial water quality indicators. 
Three machine learning (ML) approaches (principal component regression(PCR), partial least square regression 
(PLSR) and random forest (RF)) were employed to establish links between the simulated image spectra and the 
above-mentioned  water  attributes  of  the  samples  collected  from  several  inland  water  reservoirs  within  the 
southern  part  of  the  Czech  Republic.  Airborne  hyperspectral  images  were  also  used  to  develop  a  model  to 
compare  its  performance  with  models  developed  based  on  the  simulated  EnMAP  data.  Adequate  prediction

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article discusses the use of hyperspectral data, specifically EnMAP simulated data, to predict water quality parameters such as Chl-a and TSS. Hyperspectral data is a type of remote sensing data that captures information across a wide range of wavelengths, providing detailed spectral signatures of objects or materials being observed. In this case, the hyperspectral data is derived from airborne imagery captured by the AISA Eagle sensor and then processed through the EnMAP End-to-End Simulator (EeteS) to generate simulated EnMAP scenes. These simulated scenes serve as input to the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, the primary data format used in this deep learning pipeline is hyperspectral imagery.