Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

In addition to the VGG style network, we employ a
SubSpectralNet for classifying bird sounds. The architec-
ture is shown in Table 2, which has been used in [19]
for classifying acoustic scenes. Here, the SubSpectralNet

TABLE 2. The SubSpectralNet architecture. BN: Batch Normalization, ReLU: Rectified Linear Unit, K denotes the number of frames per recording.

175356

VOLUME 7, 2019

J. Xie et al.: Investigation of Different CNN-Based Models for Improved Bird Sound Classification

FIGURE 4. [Color online] Class-wise f1-score comparison of 43 bird species using four single CNN-based classification systems. Here, x-axis denotes the
abbreviations of common names of those 43 bird species, which can be found in [27]; y-axis denotes the classification accuracy.

For addressing multi-variate varying length acoustic data,
repeating signals achieves higher accuracy (91.2%) than
resizing spectrograms (88.5%). One reason might be that
resizing audio images will lead to the loss of some acoustic
patterns. Therefore, the combination of 40 mel-bin spec-
trogram and repeating signals is selected by balancing the
performance and the efﬁciency.

In the work of [30], a triplet sampling was used for gen-
erating the triplet spectrograms as the input to CNNs: full
spectrogram, harmonic-component based spectrogram, and
percussive-component spectrogram. Then, a dynamic triplet
loss was used for the classiﬁcation using multi-scale analysis
module.

175354

VOLUME 7, 2019

J. Xie et al.: Investigation of Different CNN-Based Models for Improved Bird Sound Classification

FIGURE 2. [Color online] The number of instance for all bird species in the CLO-43DS dataset. Here, x-axis denotes the abbreviations of common names
of those 43 bird species, which can be found in [27].

FIGURE 3. [Color online] The time-frequency representation generation procedure. Here, Mel-spectrogram is divided into harmonic and percussive
components using Harmonic-percussive source separation. DFT denotes discrete Fourier transform.

directional microphones and omni-directional microphones.
In addition, the signal-to-noise ratio varies among different
recordings. The detailed information of those wood-warbler
species involved in this dataset can be found in [23].

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: In the given context, it appears that the primary data format used in the deep learning pipeline is audio files. These audio files are processed and transformed into spectrograms or other time-frequency representations before being fed into the convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for classification tasks. Specifically, the authors mention using 40 mel-bin spectrograms as one of their inputs. However, there is no explicit mention of any other data formats such as images, videos, or CSV files being used in the deep learning pipeline.