Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Monitoring the impact of human activities on the environment is a major challenge as many pollutants can be 
found in the different ecosystems. This is the case of the caesium-137 that has been present in the environment 
for  many  decades  as  a  result  of  atmospheric  tests,  accidents  such  as  Chernobyl  and  release  from  nuclear  in-
dustries. With the recent advance in data-driven models, this study evaluate the relevance of a deep learning tool 
for reconstructing caesium-137 chronics particulate concentration in rivers. An encoder-decoder neural network, 
“Hierarchical  Attention-Based  Recurrent  Highway  Networks”(HRHN),  is  proposed  notably  for  its  ability  to 
extract the most relevant temporal and spatial information from the databases. Three monitoring stations were 
studied, one on the Rhˆone River and two on the Loire River, all of them downstream nuclear industries in these

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024636K. Pel´e et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

–  Attention  mechanism  (Bahdanau  et  al.,  2014):  is  a  neural  layer 
allowing the model to learn to weight the information provided by 
the encoder according to their importance at a given time in relation 
to the decoding of the target series. The model learns to focus on the 
most relevant elements in the input sequence for the prediction task.  

• Decoder with:  
–  Recurrent Highway network (RHN) (Zilly et al., 2016): of the same 

structure as the one present in the encoder

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement 

In this article, a multivariate modelling by a neural network encoder 
decoder the Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks 
Tao et al. (2016)is proposed for the prediction of 137Cs concentrations in 
SPM.  This  model  extracts  the  maximum  of  information  from  past 
exogenous  variable  from  river  (water  discharge,  release  and  washout 
flux)  with  encoder  part  using  convolution  layer  and  recurrent  layer 
(RHN)  to  generate  a  latent  representation.  A  layer  of  Hierarchical 
Attention  weighs  the  importance  of  this  representation.  Then  the 
decoder part processes this representation with the past history of the 
target  variable  using  an  recurrent  layer  (RHN)  for  predict  the  future 
concentration of 137Cs.

encoder and the decoder:  

• hidden  layers  (nbr-layers-RHN)  ∈ [1, 2, 3, 4, 5].  The  hidden  layers 
allow the neural network to model non-linear relationships between 
inputs  and  outputs.  Each  hidden  layer  in  a  deep  neural  network 
computes a non-linear transformation of the previous layer's outputs, 
allowing  the  network  to  learn  increasingly  abstract  and  complex 
features as information is propagated through the network.  

• dimension of hidden state (dim-RHN) ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64, 72 
, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  dimension  of  the  hidden  state 
determines the size of the hidden state vectors that are calculated at 
each time step of the model. A higher dimension of the hidden state 
can allow the model to capture more complex and subtle information 
in the data, but it can also make the model slower to train and require 
more training data.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided context, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information. It would be best to contact the authors directly or check their other publications for further details regarding the implementation of their methodology.