Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024087R.K. Singh et al.

5. Discussion 

Agroforestry is a crucial segment of integrated agriculture and forest 
land use that supports high carbon sequestration and maintains regu-
lating services in the region (Chen et al., 2015). However, the current 
study analysed AGB estimation based on field data and predicted using 
remotely sensed optical and SAR datasets and their derived indices using 
machine learning models such as RF, ANN, and SVM. Most of the esti-
mated AGB in the Belpada block was within the range below 30 Mg/ha, 
suggesting relatively recent plantations. For instance, Rizvi et al. (2011) 
estimated the AGB in poplar (Populus deltoides)-based agroforestry sys-
tems in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, Yamunanagar, and Haryana. They 
found that AGB ranged between 27 and 32 Mg/ha in plantations and 
between 66 and 83 Mg/ha in agri-silviculture areas. Swamy and Puri

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024083R.K. Singh et al.

pretability and offer more transparent insights for decision-making in 
agroforestry management and carbon sequestration efforts (Thapa et al., 
2023).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The paper does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that the study analyzed AGB estimation based on field data and predicted it using remotely sensed optical and SAR datasets and machine learning models such as RF, ANN, and SVM. Therefore, I do not have enough information to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.