Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

measures (Beck et al., 2002).

< 78

78 < 87
5 < 10
2,5 < 8

87 < 91
10 < 20
8 < 17

91 < 93 ≥ 93
20 < 40 ≥ 50
17 < 36 ≥ 36

2.3. Human impact

for the FWI and FFMC data layers with a spatial resolution of 1 × 1 km.
The nine-cell approach, the results of which are shown in this paper, led
to slightly better prediction results of the variants, likely because it
smoothed existing data inaccuracies within single grid cells.

(DWD) is currently working on a new grassland fire index. Such an
index may be particularly useful in the winter half-year for mountain
regions such as the Alps, as it allows a reasonable estimation of fine fuel
moisture beyond the scope of the FFMC and FWI (Müller et al., 2020).
An improvement of the prediction accuracy of winter and spring fires
may also be achieved by including a high-resolution data layer of the
actual snow cover. First attempts of such an approach are currently
tested in France and Germany (Müller et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, based on common practices in machine learning and deep learning, some possible metrics could include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC AUC, or other domain-specific evaluation measures. In the given context, there is no clear indication of what metrics were used to assess the performance of the deep learning model. Therefore, without additional information, we cannot provide a definitive answer to this query.