Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

When training a deep convolutional neural network, it is important to split the data
into a training set, a validation set, and a test set. The training set is used for optimizing the
parameters of the network, while the validation set is used for monitoring the performance
of the network during training and for comparing the performance of different networks
with, for example, different hyperparameters or network structures. The test set acts as a
ﬁnal evaluation of a network. To ensure a proper evaluation on both the validation set and
the test set, samples in each set must be independent and have similar class distributions.
The full data set can be split in various ways. The naïve approach is to randomly
sample images from the full data set. However, due to the images being captured in
close proximity and potentially having overlapping ﬁelds of views, information may leak
between the data sets when using the naïve approach. Another approach would be to

the collected data. Finally, the deep learning algorithms are evaluated and the challenges
of monitoring IAPS are discussed.

24. Keras. 2015. Available online: https://keras.io (accessed on 10 September 2021).
25. Abadi, M.; Agarwal, A.; Barham, P.; Brevdo, E.; Chen, Z.; Citro, C.; Corrado, G.S.; Davis, A.; Dean, J.; Devin, M.; et al. TensorFlow:
Large-Scale Machine Learning on Heterogeneous Systems. 2015. Available online: tensorﬂow.org (accessed on 10 September
2021).

26. Deng, J.; Dong, W.; Socher, R.; Li, L.J.; Li, K.; Fei-Fei, L. Imagenet: A large-scale hierarchical image database. In Proceedings of
the 2009 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Miami, FL, USA, 20–25 June 2009; pp. 248–255.

27. Kingma, D.P.; Ba, J. Adam: A method for stochastic optimization. arXiv 2014, arXiv:1412.6980.
28. Redmon, J.; Divvala, S.; Girshick, R.; Farhadi, A. You Only Look Once: Uniﬁed, Real-Time Object Detection. In Proceedings of the
2016 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), Las Vegas, NV, USA, 27–30 June 2016; pp. 779–788.
[CrossRef]

Figure 8. Recall of the ResNet50V2 models on the validation set as a function of the annotation size relative to image size.
The validation images were binned according to the relative size of their respective annotations with respect to the image
size (“annotation size”). Each line shows the recall (left axis) of a ResNet50V2 model with a given input image size across
the binned annotation sizes. The recall lines were “smoothed”, using kernel density estimation. The number of images in
each bin is shown as vertical bars (right axis).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the provided context, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be possible that the authors did not provide this information in the excerpts shared here. Therefore, without additional context or information, it is not feasible to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is located.