Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data availability statement 

Data  sharing  not  applicable  to  this  article  as  no  datasets  were 

generated or analyzed during the current study. 

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014528H.M. Alshahrani et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Unnikrishnan, A., Sowmya, V., Soman, K.P., 2019. Deep learning architectures for land 
cover classification using red and near-infrared satellite images. Multimed. Tools 
Appl. 78 (13), 18379–18394. 

Wei, C.L., Wang, G.G., 2020. Hybrid annealing krill herd and quantum-behaved particle 

swarm optimization. Mathematics 8 (9), 1403. 

Xia, M., Tian, N., Zhang, Y., Xu, Y., Zhang, X., 2020. Dilated multi-scale cascade forest for

Lunga  et  al.  (2020)  presented  a  new  remote  sensing  data  flow 
(RESFlow) to an advanced ML for computing huge amount of remotely 
sensed images. The important role is separating huge amount of data for 
homogeneous distribution to fit easier modules. Nguyen et  al. (2020) 
proposed  a  new  multi  temporal  high  spatial  resolution  classification 
technique using an innovative spatio temporal spectral DNN for locating 
paddy fields at the pixel level for an entire year and temporal instances. 
Boulila et al. (2021) proposed a new distributed DL based method for 
classifying the big remote sensing images. Particularly, they proposed an 
RS-DCNN for managing image classification. The initial phase is to make 
the  training  dataset  for  RS-DCNN.  Later,  for  ensuring  a  data  parallel 
training  on  Apache  Spark  architecture,  a  pixel  based  CNN  module 
through the big data cluster is executed by BigDL. 

3. Materials and methods 

3.1. Dataset used

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

An automated deep learning based satellite imagery analysis for 
ecology management

September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International 
Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, 
pp. 383–391. 

Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions in its Data Availability Statement that no datasets were generated or analyzed during the current study. Therefore, there might not be any specific data repository associated with this research.