Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.  Which  smart  farming  category  do  you  find  the  most  in  your 

domain?  
• Farm management information system (FMIS)  
• Precision agriculture (PA)  
• Agricultural automation and robotics  
• I do not know  

No data was used for the research described in the article. 

4.  Which of the following data analytics techniques will you need 

Acknowledgements 

Not applicable. 

Appendix A. Appendix 

for your domain/system?  
• Machine learning  
• Deep learning  
• Statistical based model  
• Mathematical model  
• Geospatial analysis  
• I do not know  

List of questions for the respondents (stakeholders):  

5.  In  your  opinion,  what  application(s)  are  needed  in  smart 

1.  What is your position in the domain(s)?  

• Farm manager  
• Data manager  
• Researcher  
• Data analyst  
• Other  

farming?  
• Web application  
• Mobile application  

6.  Do you need Internet of Things technology for your domain?  

• Yes  
• No  
• Not applicable

Table 2 
Case study design.  

Case study 
activities 

Goal 
Research 

questions 

Sources 

Data collection 
Data analysis 

Cases: Indonesian dairy and fish farming 

To evaluate feature models and architecture designs 
RQ4. How effective is the designed reference architecture? 

Project manager, project members, smart farming experts 
outside the project 
Survey through questionnaire 
Qualitative data analysis  

survey are presented in Appendix A.

3.2.2.1. Data. Traditionally,  the  farmers  have  applied  handwritten 
notes to evaluate their farm operations. With the development of tech-
nology  in  modern  agriculture,  data  can  be  generated  from  several 
sources and has become a mandatory feature of the agricultural system 
(Fulton and Port, 2018). Salma et al. (Salma et al., 2017) explained that 
this  feature could describe data usage,  state, and  representation. In a 
smart farming system, there are several sub-features of the data feature, 
such as mobility, structure, and data input. Mobility of the data, which is 
batch and stream, can affect the system’s data analysis and processing 
operations  (Salma  et  al., 2017).  Therefore, this  sub-feature should  be 
considered while designing a smart system. The next sub-feature is the 
data structure. There are three types of data structures based on the data 
sources:  structured,  semi-structured,  and  unstructured.  This  feature

Perakis, K., Lampathaki, F., Nikas, K., Georgiou, Y., Marko, O., Maselyne, J., 2020. 

CYBELE – fostering precision agriculture & livestock farming through secure access 
to large-scale HPC enabled virtual industrial experimentation environments 
fostering scalable big data analytics. Comput. Netw. 168 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
comnet.2019.107035. 

Periyadi, G.I., Hapsari, Z. Wakid, Mudopar, S., 2020. IoT-based guppy fish farming 
monitoring and controlling system. Telecommun. Comput. Electron. Contr. 18, 
1538–1545. https://doi.org/10.12928/TELKOMNIKA.v18i3.14850. 

Rawat, R., Yadav, R., 2021. Big data: big data analysis, issues and challenges and 

technologies. In: IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering, 1022, 
pp. 1–9. https://doi.org/10.1088/1757-899X/1022/1/012014. 

Righi, R.D.R., Goldschmidt, G., Kunst, R., Deon, C., Costa, C.A.D., 2020. Towards

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any specific details about the implementation of strategies to monitor the model performance during training. However, it mentions various aspects related to smart farming systems such as data sources, data features, and applications required in smart farming. It also discusses different categories of smart farming like FMIS, PA, and agricultural automation and robotics. Additionally, it lists some data analytics techniques like machine learning, deep learning, statistical-based models, mathematical models, and geospatial analysis. But none of these directly address or imply any particular method or approach for monitoring the model performance during training.