Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

URL. https://medium.com/sentinel-hub/improving-cloud-detection-with-machine- 
learning-c09dc5d7cf13 (accessed 4.14.22).  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203216

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wetlands 
Wetland use intensity 
East Africa 
Ecosystem health 
Earth observation 
Sentinel-2

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020324S. Steinbach et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

3. Methodology 

3.1. Wetland Use Intensity calculation

played in Table 3, so that the overall proportion of the complete dataset 
can be described as representative of land use classes in the study area. 
An overview of the plot locations is presented in Fig. 4.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the hyperparameters used in a deep learning model for improving cloud detection with machine learning. The article focuses on wetlands and their use intensity in East Africa using Earth observation data from Sentinel-2. It discusses the methodology for calculating wetland use intensity but does not mention any details about a specific deep learning model or its hyperparameters. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model based on this context alone.