Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The target objects were tracked and identified in a scene with high 
dynamic density and low training data. YOLOv7 was determined as the 
baseline model to balance the limited computational power and speed of 
the airborne computer, as mentioned above. Formulated by Wang et al. 
(2021), this model can achieve this objective by integrating Extended 
Efficient  Layer  Aggregation  Network  (E-ELAN)  (Gao  et  al.,  2021), 
cascade-based modeling (Doll´ar et al., 2021) model scaling, and model 
reparameterization (Vasu et al., 2023). Among the YOLO family mem-
bers,  YOLOv7  (Wang  et  al.,  2023)  is  characterized  with  faster  target 
detection and a three-module structure (the input module, the backbone 
module,  and  the  header  network),  as  explicated  in  Fig.  4.  The  input 
module fits the image-related data to the backbone network size. The 
backbone  module,  similar  to  other  network  structures,  extracts  deep

to learn features of various sizes, leading to potential matching errors 
when the scale of the target changes. To address these shortcomings, it is 
imperative  to  introduce  a  multiscale  feature-extraction  network 
(MSNet).

monitoring and tracking Procapra przewalskii using the model. To satisfy 
these  requirements,  the  Jetson AGX  Xavier-embedded  computing sys-
tem from NVIDIA was utilized for image processing. This system features 
an  NVIDIA  Volta  GPU  with  512  CUDA cores  and  an  8-core ARMv8.2 
CPU, providing formidable AI computing power. Compared to the Jet-
son TX2 platform, which is equipped with an NVIDIA Pascal GPU with 
256  CUDA  cores  and  a  quad-core  ARM  CPU,  the  Jetson  AGX  Xavier 
boasts a remarkable 10× improvement in the power consumption ratio 

Fig. 10. Prediction rate plot of K-fold cross-validation.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255611G. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

and a 20× improvement in performance. 

3.3. Evaluation of benchmarks

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Procapra przewalskii monitoring 
UAV MOT 
GMC 
Deep SORT

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that the Jetson AGX Xavier-embedded computing system from NVIDIA was utilized for image processing. This system features an NVIDIA Volta GPU with 512 CUDA cores and an 8-core ARMv8.2 CPU. Therefore, we can infer that the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model include an NVIDIA Volta GPU and an 8-core ARMv8.2 CPU.