Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1. Introduction 

Passive acoustic monitoring (PAM) is an increasingly popular tech-
nique  that  relies  on  the  recording  and  processing  of  environmental 
sound  to  detect  the  presence  of  sound-producing  animals.  Typically, 
digital recorders are set in the field, serviced at regular intervals and the 
retrieved  sound  data  (i.e.  bioacoustic  recordings)  are  processed  to 
identify  target  species.  The  large  amount  of  data  (i.e.  terabytes)  pro-
duced  by  continuous,  high-resolution  digital  data  collection  requires 
automatic  processing  to  generate  useful  findings.  Following  de-
velopments in machine learning, deep neural networks (DNN) are now a 
popular tool for processing bioacoustic sound recordings.

4.6. Input selection in active learning 

Active learning enhances and facilitates the labour-intensive process 
of data generation, important in this field given the scarcity of labelled 
data or the need to generate training data to target certain species (Allen 
et  al.,  2021).  It  progressively  increases  the  training  data  by  selecting 
those  samples  most  likely  to  improve  model  performance  from  pre-
dictions that a model generates over unlabelled data. Iteratively training 
new models with additional labelled data selected from their predictions 
reduces  the  extent  of  manual annotation  (Shuyang  et  al.,  2020). In  a 
similar process as the example of Tolkova et al. (2021) discussed above, 
our proposed method of using model embeddings and dimensionality 
reduction to display model predictions in EV can contribute to selecting 
the best sample candidates for manual annotation. 

4.7. Closing in on rare events

Neural information processing scaled for bioacoustics-from neurons to Big Data. In: 
Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Scaled for Bioacoustics: From Neurons 
to Big Data, 2013. http://sabiod.univ-tln.fr/NIPS4B2013_book.pdf. 

Gupta, Gaurav, Kshirsagar, Meghana, Zhong, Ming, Gholami, Shahrzad, Ferres, Juan 

Lavista, 2021. Comparing recurrent convolutional neural networks for large scale 
bird species classification. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 17085. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598- 
021-96446-w. 

He, Kaiming, Zhang, Xiangyu, Ren, Shaoqing, Sun, Jian, 2015. ‘Deep residual learning 

for image recognition’. arXiv. http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385. 

Hershey, Shawn, Chaudhuri, Sourish, Ellis, Daniel P.W., Gemmeke, Jort F., Jansen, Aren, 
Moore, Channing, Plakal, Manoj, et al., 2017. CNN Architectures for Large-Scale 
Audio Classification. In: International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal 
Processing (ICASSP).. https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.09430.

accuracy  limits  that  we  encountered  training  DNN  models  with  the 
detailed-labelled NIPS4Bplus dataset (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021). We 
drilled down on the results using another high-quality model (BirdNET) 
and  compared  it  to  our  SincNet  trained  models.  For  that,  we  experi-
mented  with  dimensionality  reduction  of  embeddings  and  an  initial 
dimensionality reduction technique (t-SNE). We generated embeddings 
using  the  BirdNET  model  on  a  randomly  selected  40%  sample  of  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The primary method used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline for passive acoustic monitoring (PAM) is through the use of digital recorders set in the field. These devices continuously collect high-resolution digital data, which is then retrieved and processed to identify target species. This approach allows for the gathering of vast amounts of data, often measured in terabytes. However, due to the labor-intensive nature of manually labeling such extensive data, automatic processing techniques like deep neural networks (DNN) have become popular tools for handling these large volumes of bioacoustic sound recordings.