Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.3. Advantages and drawbacks 

4.3.1. Model prediction beyond the training ranges

4.2. Indications for policy-making authorities 

4.3.2. Data limitations

RCP scenarios, respectively), and between (cid:0) 52.8% and (cid:0) 75.8% from 
2016 to 2100.

Based on the omission rate of the training presence locations, MaxEnt 
also indicates potential thresholds on the probability distribution func-
tion,  over  which  the  cumulative  probability  of  species  presence  is 
sensibly  non-zero.  We  used  the  threshold  corresponding  to  the  value 
over which the model correctly predicted all training presence locations 
as  the  optimal decision  threshold  for dichotomic  classification  of suit-
able/unsuitable locations, in compliance with other studies (Coro, 2020; 
Coro and Trumpy, 2020; Liu et al., 2016; West et al., 2016). 
Our  species  observation  data  referred  to  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific criteria used to determine when training is completed. However, generally speaking, common criteria include reaching a certain number of epochs or iterations, achieving a desired level of accuracy or performance, observing a plateau in the validation loss, or meeting some predefined stopping conditions based on metrics such as precision, recall, F1 score, etc. In this case, it appears that the authors use a threshold corresponding to the value over which the model correctly predicts all training presence locations as the optimal decision threshold for classifying suitable/unsuitable locations. This suggests that they may have stopped training once the model achieved perfect accuracy on the training set.