Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

with a batch size of 32. The initial learning rate of 0.001 was
exponentially decayed every 3 epochs with a factor of 0.94.

Key words: convolutional neural networks,
deep learning, multispectral imaging ﬂow
cytometry, pollen, pollinator, species
identiﬁcation.

Multispectral imaging ﬂow cytometry in combination with
deep learning has recently been demonstrated as a tool for phyto-
plankton identiﬁcation and quantiﬁcation (Dunker et al., 2018;
Dunker, 2019), allowing algae traits to be described in detail and
enabling new research regarding the roles of functional traits in
shaping patterns of coexistence and diversity in this important
functional group of species (Hofmann et al., 2019). Here, we
propose a similar application for pollen, aiming primarily for fast
and accurate identiﬁcation and counting of pollen grains. Many
pollen traits related to morphology (e.g. diameter, circularity,
symmetry) and ﬂuorescence (e.g. bright detail intensity) can be
rapidly measured, some for the ﬁrst time. Thus, our new method
opens up the potential to ask new questions in pollen ecology
and evolution. Further, if pollen traits are phylogenetically con-
served, this will may allow future studies to identify pollen species

Deep learning

Dataset Our dataset consisted of 35 573 images for each of the
12 channels covering 35 species and resulting in a total of 426
876 images. This dataset was split into three sets for training, val-
idation, and testing in the proportions 80 : 10 : 10. All images
were centre cropped to an equally sized rectangle. In order to gain
a more robust and better generalising classiﬁer, the images in the

New Phytologist (2021) 229: 593–606
www.newphytologist.com

training set were additionally augmented in the following ways:
ﬂipped horizontal, ﬂipped vertically,
adjusted in bright-
ness (cid:3) 12.5%, adjusted in saturation (cid:3) 50.0%, adjusted by
contrast (cid:3) 12.5%, and adjusted in hue (cid:3) 20%.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, it does describe several techniques used to improve the performance and robustness of the model. These include using a large and diverse dataset, data augmentation techniques like flipping images horizontally or vertically, adjusting image properties like brightness, contrast, saturation, and hue, and employing a validation set during training to prevent overfitting. While these methods do not directly address handling randomness from sources like random seed values, they contribute to creating a more stable and reliable deep learning model. It is common practice in machine learning to use fixed random seeds when developing models to ensure reproducibility, but this aspect is not discussed in the given context.