Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

trogram. In addition to different TFRs, a different deep learning architecture, SubSpectralNet, is employed
to classify bird sounds. Experimental results on classifying 43 bird species show that fusing selected deep
learning models can effectively increase the classiﬁcation performance. Our best fused model can achieve a
balanced accuracy of 86.31% and a weighted F1-score of 93.31%.

The duration of audio ﬁles in CLO-43DS data is different,
which cannot be directly used as the input to the CNN. The
ﬁrst method for dealing with the multi-variate varying length
audio data is that the signal is repeated from the beginning to
force the ﬁxed duration of 2s, which has been used in [30].
The second method is to directly resize the audio image to a
ﬁxed size.

D. DEEP LEARNING ARCHITECTURE
The feature learning part of our proposed model follows a
VGG style network [24], which has been previously used
for classifying acoustic scenes [5]. The overall architec-
ture is illustrated in Table 1. This network is trained using
Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10−4. The cate-
gorical cross entropy is utilized as the loss function. The
batch size is 64 samples and the network is trained with
200 epochs.

[17] M. Lasseck, ‘‘Acoustic bird detection with deep convolutional neural

networks,’’ in Proc. DCASE Challenge, Sep. 2018, pp. 143–147.

[18] C. H. Lee, C. C. Han, and C. C. Chuang, ‘‘Automatic classiﬁcation of
bird species from their sounds using two-dimensional cepstral coefﬁ-
cients,’’ IEEE Trans. Audio, Speech, Language Process., vol. 16, no. 8,
pp. 1541–1550, Nov. 2008.

[19] S. S. R. Phaye, E. Benetos, and Y. Wang, ‘‘SubSpectralNet—Using sub-
spectrogram based convolutional neural networks for acoustic scene clas-
siﬁcation,’’ in Proc. IEEE Int. Conf. Acoust., Speech Signal Process.
(ICASSP), May 2019, pp. 825–829.

[20] J. K. Piczak, ‘‘The details that matter: Frequency resolution of spectro-
grams in acoustic scene classiﬁcation,’’ in Proc. Detection Classiﬁcation
Acoustic Scenes Events Workshop, 2017, pp. 103–107.
and M. Aono,
spectrograms
of

classiﬁcation
temporal
in Proc. DCASE Challenge, Sep.
[Online].
http://dcase.community/challenge2018/task-acoustic-scene-

FIGURE 6. Confusion matrix (%) of the best result using the fusion of selected CNN-based models. Here, the x and y axes denote the code of each bird
species to be classified.

(95.5%) can achieve a signiﬁcantly higher classiﬁcation
accuracy than 40 mel-bin(91.2%), but with more computa-
tional load. In addition, since multiple CNN-based models
need to be trained in this study, such a high computational
load will signiﬁcantly increase the training time. Further-
more, this study aims to investigate the effectiveness of fusion
of different CNN-based models rather than obtaining a single
CNN-based model with the best performance, Therefore,
we select 40 mel-bin for the subsequent analysis.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this context is for classification. Specifically, it is designed to classify bird sounds into one of 43 bird species. The model employs a VGG-style network, which has been previously used for classifying acoustic scenes. It uses the categorical cross entropy as its loss function and is trained using the Adam optimizer with a learning rate of 10^-4. The goal of this study is not to obtain a single CNN-based model with the best performance, but rather to investigate the effectiveness of fusion of different CNN-based models.