Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

MSAVI =

GREEN (cid:0) BLUE 
2NIR + 1 (cid:0)

√

̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅̅
(2NIR + 1)2 (cid:0) 8(NIR (cid:0) RED)

predictive efficiency, handle large datasets, and reduce training time. It 
is typically recommended for tabular datasets. LightGBM differs from 
other tree-based methods by implementing leaf-wise splits that create 
more  complex  trees,  which  are  more  efficient  in  reducing  loss  and 
resulting  in  higher  accuracy.  The  split  is  based  on  a  novel  sampling 
method named Gradient-Based One-Side Sampling (Ke et al., 2017), in 
which data with small gradients are excluded, and the rest are used for

2. Data and methods 

The overall workflow of the proposed method is shown in (Fig. 1). 
For  simplicity,  the  workflow  starts  with  collecting  sample  plots  and 
image processing to generate a tabulated dataset, including on-field AGB 
and  independent  features.  This  data  set  is  fed  into  hybrid  models,  in 

which  Bayesian  optimizers  and  TDO  tune  the  hyperparameters  of 
XGBoost and LightGBM using RMSE as the objective function. The best 
model  (with  the  smallest  RMSE)  is  selected  to  estimate  AGB  for  the 
entire study area. This model was also interpreted to understand better 
what operates inside the ‘black box.’ More detailed descriptions of the 
study area,  data specifications and preparation, and  algorithm justifi-
cations are presented in the following sections. 

2.1. Field data

2.1. Field data 

Quang  Ninh  province  in  Vietnam  has  several  natural  forests 
contributing to its rich biodiversity. The province is home  to tropical 
rainforests, characterized by high precipitation levels, lush vegetation, 
high  biodiversity,  and  mangrove  forests  along  coastal  areas,  and  is 
known for its scenic landscapes and ecological diversity. This province 
has  undergone  rapid  urbanization  with  significant  changes  in  land 
cover; therefore, periodic carbon stock monitoring is essential.

2.3. Gradient boosters 

LightGBM,  proposed  by  Microsoft,  is  a  newly  developed  gradient 
boost  or  tree-based  learning  algorithm.  It  was  designed  to  improve 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024213Q.-T. Bui et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 2 
Features for AGB estimation, including original data and image indices from Sentinel 1A and Landsat 8.  

Independent variables 

Name / calculation formula 

Reference 

LANDSAT 8 

SENTINEL-1A 

Band 2 
Band 3 
Band 4 
Band 8 
Vertical Transmit-Horizontal Receive Polarizations (dB) 
(VH.) 
Vertical Transmit-Vertical Receive Polarizations (dB) 
(VV.) 
Polarisation addition (dB) (ADDITIONvhvv) 
Polarisation multiply (dB)(MULTvhvv) 

ARVI (Atmospherically Resistant Vegetation Index)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. In the given context, only the process of generating a tabulated dataset, including on-field AGB and independent features, is mentioned. However, it does not specify any details regarding the availability of this dataset in public repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.