Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• CNN  window  size  (dim-filter-cnn)  ∈ [3, 4, 5, 6, 7].  The  convolution 
window size determines the size of the region over which convolu-
tion  is  applied  at  each  time  step.  It  is  important  to  choose  an 
appropriate window size to capture the relevant temporal patterns in 
the data.  

• the  number  of  filters  (nbr-filters-cnn)  ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64,
72, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  number  of  filters  determines 
how many different patterns the network can learn. The higher the 
number of filters, the more complex the network can be, but this can 
also make training more difficult.

Yang, D., Li, S., Peng, Z., Wang, P., Wang, J., Yang, H., 2019. Mf-cnn: traffic flow 

prediction using convolutional neural network and multi-features fusion. IEICE 
Trans. Inf. Syst. E102.D, 1526–1536. https://doi.org/10.1587/ 
transinf.2018EDP7330. 

Yaseen, Z.M., 2021. An insight into machine learning models era in simulating soil, water 
bodies and adsorption heavy metals: review, challenges and solutions. Chemosphere 
277, 130126. URL: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/ 
S0045653521005956.  

Yeo, I., Johnson, R., 2000. A new family of power transformations to improve normality 

or symmetry. Biometrika 87, 954–959.

Monitoring the impact of human activities on the environment is a major challenge as many pollutants can be 
found in the different ecosystems. This is the case of the caesium-137 that has been present in the environment 
for  many  decades  as  a  result  of  atmospheric  tests,  accidents  such  as  Chernobyl  and  release  from  nuclear  in-
dustries. With the recent advance in data-driven models, this study evaluate the relevance of a deep learning tool 
for reconstructing caesium-137 chronics particulate concentration in rivers. An encoder-decoder neural network, 
“Hierarchical  Attention-Based  Recurrent  Highway  Networks”(HRHN),  is  proposed  notably  for  its  ability  to 
extract the most relevant temporal and spatial information from the databases. Three monitoring stations were 
studied, one on the Rhˆone River and two on the Loire River, all of them downstream nuclear industries in these

The key idea behind Hyperband is to explore several configurations 
in parallel while allocating more training resources to promising con-
figurations. This enables a more efficient search of the hyperparameter 
space, particularly when computational resources are limited. In sum-
mary, Hyperband combines an initial random search with a ‘successive 
halving’  strategy  to  quickly  identify  promising  configurations  while 
eliminating those that show inferior performance. 

The  detail  of  the  grid  of  possible  combinations  is  presented.  The 
number of convolution layers is lower than that given in the article, the 
network has two convolution layers. Their size and the associated max- 
pooling will be determined in the following interval for each:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to determine the specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the context. However, based on the general description of the problem - reconstructing caesium-137 chronic particulate concentrations in rivers - it can be assumed that the dataset would likely consist of historical environmental data related to river systems, including measurements of caesium-137 levels, along with other relevant factors like weather conditions, water quality parameters, etc. Additionally, since the model being evaluated is an encoder-decoder neural network called Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks (HRHN), it suggests that the input data might have some form of sequential or temporal structure, making it suitable for processing by recurrent networks.