Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Identification of optional ecological sources 

The SOFM is an unsupervised learning neural network approach that 
combines dimensionality reduction and clustering analysis to allocate 
research units into different ES bundles based on spatial similarities. The 
ES bundles were divided using SOFM (using the R package kohonen) 
based on the results of the reconstructed ESV, and the ideal number of 
bundles  was  established  by  calculating  the  Davis-Boldin  Index  (DBI), 
which was used as the basis for identifying ecological sources and setting 
scenarios. Furthermore, this study used hotspot analysis (Getis-Ord G*
i ) 
to  analyze the  spatial clustering of  ESV and  considered  hotspot areas 
with a significance level of 90% or more as optional ecological sources.

2)  Three  scenarios  were  established  based  on  identifying  service 
bundles: product supply, water conservation, and habitat maintenance. 
The  number  of  sources  was  11,  4,  and  4  for  each  type,  respectively, 
accounting for 37.6% of the total area of the region. Under these three 
scenarios, 30, 36, and 36 ecological corridors were identified and clas-
sified into five categories. 

3) In Guangzhou, the minimum area threshold for ecological sources 
is 10 km2. The CWD values for identifying ecological pinch points were 
20,000,  62,000,  and  93,000  for  the  three  scenarios,  while  the  search 
radii for ecological barriers were 320, 200, and 500 m.

Railway and expressway 

Vector 

National Earth System Science Data Center  
(http://www.geodata.cn/) 
CRU dataset (https://crudata.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/hrg/) 
Guangzhou statistical yearbook and national grain trading center 
Geographic Data Sharing Infrastructure, College of Urban and Environmental Science, Peking 
University (http://geodata.pku.edu.cn) 
Geographic Data Sharing Infrastructure, College of Urban and Environmental Science, Peking 
University (http://geodata.pku.edu.cn) 

Note: Grain price data were used to calculate the output value per unit area of grain crops in the study area. 

Spatial 
resolution 

30 m 
30 m 

30 arcsecond 

250 m 

1 km 

1 km 
/ 
1 km 

/ 

where pijand aij are the perimeter and area of patch j for landscape type i, 
respectively. SHAPE0
ij  is the shape index with a square as a reference. 
SHAPEij is the shape index with a circle as a reference after correction 
and SHAPE is the combined shape index after area weighting.

Normalized difference vegetation Index 

Raster 

GlobeLand30 
ALOS World 3D-30 m provided by Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (https://www.eorc.jaxa.jp/ 
ALOS/en/aw3d30/data/index.htm) 
China soil map based harmonized world soil database (HWSD) (v1.1) (http://webarchive.iiasa.ac. 
at/Research/LUC/External-World-soil-database/HTML/) 
MODIS image MOD13Q1 provided by National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) 

(NDVI) 
Precipitation 

Evapotranspiration 
Grain prices 
Population density 

Raster 

Raster 
Spreadsheet 
Raster 

Railway and expressway 

Vector

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The context mentions various datasets such as GlobeLand30, ALOS World 3D-30 m, China soil map based harmonized world soil database (HWSD), MODIS image MOD13Q1, CRU dataset, and others. However, it does not provide any specific details about the availability of the deep learning pipeline data repository. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer to your query.