Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

When  it  comes  to  the  application  of  deep  learning  models,  it  is 
mandatory to train the model on training data that resemble the data, on 
which  the model will be applied  later. If the  model is  applied over  a 
longer period of time (as it can be the case in long term biomonitoring), 
the training dataset and the dataset, on which the model is applied can 
have  different  data  distributions  due  to  some  reasons,  like  different 
recording  conditions  (brightness,  scale)  or  recording  devices/sensors 
(contrast,  resolution).  This  is  a  well-known  phenomenon  called  data 
drift  or  domain  drift  (Farahani  et  al.,  2020).  Thus,  it  is  necessary  to 
create specific datasets tailored to the desired application. The field of 
machine learning that is dealing with this discrepancy across domain 
distributions, is called domain adaption, with the aim of increasing the 
transferability of models to datasets with similar statistical properties.

2.1.2. Johnsbachtal data 

◦

E14.59

We have shown that deep learning methods can be applied to achieve 
a  valid  biocrust  classification on  species and/or  genus level  based  on 
standard RGB image data. The advantage of analyzing RGB images is, 
that they can be acquired relatively inexpensively with standard camera 
sensors, which allows an easy data acquisition for biomonitoring. The 
most time-consuming step to obtain a good segmentation model is the 
creation of the training datasets, which can be quite time consuming. In 
our case, the required labelling time was up to 2 h per image for the USA 
Data. Modern deep learning tools can be used to do an automated seg-
mentation of images to safe labelling time (Kirillov et al., 2023). Other 
segmentation models aim to do an unsupervised image segmentation, 
where the only specification is the required number of classes (Harb and 
Kn¨obelreiter, 2021; Ji et al., 2019). In our case the results of the auto-

For  biological  soil  crusts,  the  information  from  multispectral  or 
hyperspectral  images  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  annotation  effort,  as 
some  biocrust  organisms  have  defined  reflective  properties  in  the  ul-
traviolet  and/or  the  infrared  spectrum.  Thus,  it  is  (at  least  for  some 
organisms) useful to use multispectral or hyperspectral data as input for 
deep learning models for biocrust monitoring (Erlandsson et al., 2022). 
However,  these  approaches  are  heavily  dependent  on  cost-intensive 
airborne  data  acquisition  of  multispectral  imagery.  When  it  comes  to 
low-cost remote sensing biocrust monitoring, which is done manually by 
humans over a long time periods, the data acquisition methods and/or 
devices can change over time. It is, however, very important to consider 
that,  especially  for  image  data,  different  camera  devices  record  data 
differently,  as  some  camera  devices  perform  an  automated  post-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any explicit information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to this query. However, common platforms for sharing research data include Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, and GBIF. To find out if the data repository is available on one of these platforms, please refer to the original source of the text or contact the authors directly.