Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Similar considerations slowed the development of other data-intensive 
fields.  The  solution  lies  in  regulation,  either  by  top  journals  that 
consider  data  sharing  as  a  publication  requirement,  or  by  funding 
agencies wishing to maximize the impact of their investment (Michener, 
2015). STARdbi will urge its users to make their data as open as possible. 
We start by raising this issue here.

is training and storing models using an interface provided by the site and 
its computational resources.

A major aspect of any data driven project is data availability. Data- 
science thrives on data, and ecoinformatics is no exception. STARdbi’s 
vision of large-scale surveys of species and biodiversity assessment re-
quires that its raw and processed data be available to the entomological 
community and the general public. Typically, however, the generators 
of  data wish  to exhaust  the  publication  potential of  their data before 
making it publicly available. Further, governments, the major sponsors 
of most research, may restrict data sharing to protect political interests. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025218T. Keasar et al.

2.2. The Pipeline 

The STARdbi pipeline (Fig. 1A) includes: (a) sampling flying insects 
with sticky traps, and covering them with transparent acetate sheets; (b) 
high  resolution  scanning  of  the  traps  with  an  office  scanner;  (c) 
uploading the scanned images and their metadata (time of placement 
and removal, location, scanning resolution, etc.) to the STARdbi data-
base, using its web interface; and (d) automatic detection of insects in 
the images and storage of their position in the database. Once stored and 
processed, the images as well as bounding boxes around the detected 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025212T. Keasar et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 1. Scheme of the STARdbi pipeline (A), and major user operations (B).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the data repository for the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it can be inferred from the text that the data generated through the STARdbi pipeline is uploaded to the STARdbi database using its web interface. Therefore, it seems likely that the data repository would be accessible via the STARdbi website or platform. Unfortunately, without more specific details about the STARdbi system, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding which external data repository service (such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF) might host the data.