Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for deep learning. arXiv 2019, arXiv:1910.05446.

17. Ruder, S. An overview of gradient descent optimization algorithms. arXiv 2016, arXiv:1609.04747.
18. Taqi, A.M.; Awad, A.; Al-Azzo, F.; Milanova, M. The impact of multi-optimizers and data augmentation on
TensorFlow convolutional neural network performance. In Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE Conference on
Multimedia Information Processing and Retrieval (MIPR), Miami, FL, USA, 10–12 April 2018; pp. 140–145.
19. Olson, M.; Wyner, A.; Berk, R. Modern neural networks generalize on small data sets. In Proceedings of
the Advances in Neural Information, Neural Information Processing Systems 31 (NeurIPS 2018), Montreal,
BC, Canada, 3–8 December 2018; pp. 3619–3628.

20. Ammar, A.; Koubaa, A.; Ahmed, M.; Saad, A. Aerial images processing for car detection using convolutional

neural networks: Comparison between faster r-cnn and yolov3. arXiv 2019, arXiv:1910.07234.

Due to the lack of existing quality data, we set out to create our own data set for the purpose of
the project. The data set created is, in a deep learning context, still at a relatively small size. However,
testing the model under very diﬃcult circumstances and complex backgrounds still yielded good
detection capabilities, paving the way for future work.

Keywords: deep learning; object detection; ocean objects; synthetic aperture radar; classiﬁcation;
YoloV3

1. Introduction

2.2. YoloV3 Model Architecture

The YoloV3 algorithm implemented in this study is based on Darknet-53, a 53-layer deep
convolutional neural network (CNN) with residual connections. The traditional CNN object detectors
function as two stage detectors that ﬁrst have to identify individual regions of interest in the image
and then carry out bounding box detection within these regions. The two-stage detection performs
at competitive levels but at slow speeds, and while the improvements to speed have been made in
further developments such as the Fast R-CNN and Faster R-CNN, they cannot achieve equal training
time to the single stage detection. Yolo is a single stage detector that does not need to divide the image
into separate regions, but instead handles the full image at once and hence the name: You Only Look
Once. This is achieved by creating feature maps consisting of grid cells through a 3 level pyramid-like

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the authors did not use any pre-existing datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet for their deep learning pipeline. Instead, due to the lack of existing quality data, they decided to create their own dataset specifically tailored for their project. Although the exact nature of the custom dataset isn't explicitly mentioned, it can be inferred from the keywords that the dataset likely contains aerial images of ocean objects for classification and object detection purposes using the YOLOv3 model architecture.