Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

tion aims to choose features by recursively considering fewer and fewer
arrangements of features. To start with, the estimator is trained on the
underlying arrangement of features and the signiﬁcance of each feature
is acquired through some property. At that point, the less critical fea-
tures are pruned from the current arrangement of features. This method
is recursively rehashed on the pruned set until the coveted number of
features to choose is reached.

3.2.5. K-nearest neighbors

It is an non-parametric ‘lazy’ learning algorithm. This means that it
does not make any assumptions on the underlying data distribution and
that it does not use the training data points to do any generalization. It
does not attempt to construct a general internal model, but simply
stores instances of the training data. Classiﬁcation is computed from a
simple majority vote of the nearest neighbors of each point: a query
point is assigned the data class which has the most representatives
within the nearest neighbors of the point.

3.2.6. Decision tree

The Decision Tree Classiﬁer is a simple and widely used classiﬁca-
tion technique. It applies a straightforward idea to solve the classiﬁ-
cation problem by posing a series of carefully crafted questions about
the attributes of the test record. Each time it receives an answer, a
follow-up question is asked until a conclusion about the class label of
the record is reached.

environmental drivers, expressed as water temperature, salinity, nu-
trients,
transparency; ecosystem components, as bathymetry and
bottom substrate; and the human inﬂuence, described by the distance to
cities, ports and river outﬂows have not been previously reported. In
this work we attempt to explore the nonlinear dynamics among the
environment-ecosystem-human gradient and their impact on seagrass
presence and distribution in the Mediterranean Sea. To achieve this, we
utilized the power of machine learning algorithms when applied to
large and diverse datasets maintained by international organizations, as
Copernicus, EMODnet and UNEP. The importance of such work, and
others of similar context could be vital, as there is a real need for un-
derstanding better coastal benthic processes and human interaction,
especially for the Mediterranean Sea, where seagrass loss correlates
with the rapid shoreline urbanization and remedial and restoration

When computing the total F-measure, we use the macro-average.
Macro-averaging takes the average of all individual class F-measures,
treating small and large classes equally, in contrast to micro-averaging
which aggregates the TP/TN/FP/FN counts from all classes and com-
putes a total measure which is biased to the large classes.

We also experimented with using subsets of best features from top-
50% down to top-5% with a step of 5%, and the eﬀectiveness max-
imized at using top-10% of features. When all features are used, the best
performing classiﬁers are the tree-based Decision Tree and Random
Forest. For the top-10% of the features, which were calculated using
variable importance with Random Forest, all algorithms except the tree-
based ones give lower results. However, the best F-measure score (37.1
of Decision Tree) has been improved by 2.6% in comparison with the
all-features experiment and is now achieved by Random Forest with
39.7%.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information regarding specific optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline, such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam), or other methods. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response based solely on the available text.