Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Short-billed (common/mew) Gull Larus canus 
Geographic information system (GIS) 
Open access data 
Big data 
Socio-economics 
Multi-year field work 
Machine learning ensemble predictions 
(RandomForest Treenet CART MARS)

MARHH_NO_C 

MHH_CHILD 
FHH_CHILD 

FAMILIES 
AVE_FAM_SZ 
HSE_UNITS 
URBAN 
RURAL 
VACANT 
OWNER_OCC 
RENTER_OCC 
POP_MILE 
HH_INCOME_ 
HH_10K 
HH10TO15K 
HH15TO20K 
HH20TO25K 
HH25TO30K 
HH30TO35K 
HH35TO40K 
HH40TO45K 
HH45TO50K 
HH50TO60K 
HH60TO75K 
HH75TO100K 
HH100_125K 
HH125_150K 
HH150_200K 
HH_200K 
HHMEDIAN 
PER_CAPITA 
Polygon area  

x-coordinate  
y-coordinate  

Total number of people in the census block in year 
2000 
Total number of people who are white alone 

Total number of people who are black alone 

Total number of people who are Native American 
alone 
Total number of people who are Asian alone 

Total number of people who are Hawaian Pacific 
Island alone 
Total number of people who are ‘other’ alone 

Number of Multirace Individuals in census unit 

Total number of people who are Hispanic alone

information system (GIS) platform and then added 68 open-access predictor layers, including socio-economic U. 
S. Census data. We trained, tested, and evaluated the performance of an ensemble of machine learning models, 
resulting in predictions of gull-abundance hotspots and coldspots, at 100-m resolution for inference. We find that 
Short-billed Gulls prefer the synergy of industrial areas near man-made water bodies, impervious surfaces, gravel 
pits, strip malls, transfer sites (garbage dumps) and some young forest vegetation. This study is a first-known 
attempt  to  utilize  a  blended  ‘Big  Data’  approach,  in  combination  with  traditional  multi-year  field-based data 
collection and alternative model assessments, in order to characterize an urban seabird niche. Our findings, and 
the digital infrastructure herein, provide an interdisciplinary baseline for potential applications in urban plan-
ning and monitoring the spread of disease reservoirs.

Fig. 8. Model Diagnostics Partial Dependence plot of third top-ranked predictor (distance to water).  

niche,  model  assessment  data,  and  model  inference  for  the  realized 
niche distribution. 

In  machine  learning/AI  approaches,  inference  is  typically  drawn 

from prediction (Breiman, 2001, Humphries et al., 2018). In ensemble 
models,  one  obtains  ’a  strong  learner  from  many  weak  learners’  (sensu 
Friedman,  2002).  Synergy  predictors  dominate  in  real-world  ecology 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10236410F. Huettmann et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Table 3 
Model Diagnostics importance rank of predictors from TreeNet machine learning model.  

Predictor name 

Importance Rank (percent) 

Notes

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model used in this research is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, based on the keywords and the description of the methodology, it appears that the model was used for making predictions about Short-billed Gull abundance hotspots and coldspots using various open-access predictor layers such as socio-economic US Census data. It seems that the researchers employed an ensemble of machine learning models, which included Random Forest, TreeNet, CART, and MARS, to train, test, and evaluate their performance. Therefore, it can be inferred that the primary objective of the deep learning model was to classify or categorize different regions based on the predicted abundance of Short-billed Gulls.