Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  PLUS  model  consists  of  two  main  modules:  the  transformed 
specification mining framework based on the land expansion analysis 
strategy (LEAS) module and the cellular automata (CA) model based on 
a multi-type random patch seed mechanism (CARS). In the LEAS mod-
ule, the PLUS model employs the random forest algorithm to obtain the 
development probabilities of each land use type based on two periods of 
land use data. This approach is considered superior to the FLUS model, 
which  uses  an  artificial  neural  network  (ANN)  to  determine  develop-
ment  probabilities  based  on  only  one  period  of  land  use  data.  Addi-
tionally,  the  PLUS  model  proposes  a  decreasing  threshold  rule  for 
generating  patch  seeds.  This  gradual  constraint  on  patch  growth  of 
various land use types is achieved through the iterative process. Cells 
with a higher total probability are more likely to change preferentially

The NDVI data utilized was the MOD13Q1.006 dataset, an L3 image 
product with a spatial resolution of 250 m, updated every 16 days. The 
NDVI value is the monthly maximum value synthesized by the maximum 
value synthesis method. The vegetation type data was reclassified into 
nine  categories:  evergreen  needle-leaved  forest  (ENF),  deciduous 
needle-leaved  forest  (DNF),  deciduous  broadleaved  forest  (DBF), 
mingled  forest  (MF),  shrub,  grassland,  wetland,  arable  land  and  non- 
vegetation.  The  Google  Earth  Engine  (GEE)  platform  was  utilized  to 
obtain and crop the NDVI and vegetation type data. The DEM data was 
obtained from the Resource and Environmental Science and Data Center 
of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, using the SRTM V4.1 dataset after 
resampling.

There are also some uncertainties in this study, for instance, when 
predicting NDVI, although the significance test and the correlation co-
efficient indicated that the method of NDVI prediction is reliable, yet the 
correlation coefficient was relatively low which may lead to some error 
on NPP estimation. Otherwise, consideration could be given to adding 
other factors which affect NDVI, such as evapotranspiration or employed 
methods  like  back-propagation  artificial  neural  network  (Ma  et  al., 
2022) to increase NDVI prediction accuracy. In addition, the interpo-
lation method chosen for meteorological data and certain errors in the 
interpolation results may also have an impact on NPP estimation (Zhang 
et al., 2022a). 

6. Conclusions

3.3. NPP prediction 

In the new method proposed in this study, NPP prediction follows the 
following three steps: the first step involves predicting the land use data 
using the PLUS model; the second step entails constructing regression 
equations to predict the NDVI data using the meteorological data on a 
pixel-by-pixel level; and the third step involves combining the predicted 
NDVI, the predicted land use data, and the future meteorological data to 
predict  the  future  NPP  using  the  CASA  model.  Subsequently,  the 
methodologies  and  techniques  applied  in  each  step  are  described  in 
detail. Since the principle of the CASA model has already been described 
in Section 3.1, it will not be reiterated here.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information about specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer that the Random Forest algorithm is used in the PLUS model for obtaining development probabilities of each land use type. Additionally, the ANN is mentioned as being used in the FLUS model for determining development probabilities. But neither of these algorithms are optimization techniques used in deep learning pipelines like Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, without additional context, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline.