Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020805A. Adde et al.

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020803A. Adde et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 2. Relative representation of the covariate categories selected for the 50 species under each of the three main covariate selection procedures (“embedded”, 
“filter”, and “random”). Each section represents the percentage of the ratio between the count of selected covariates from a given category and the overall number of 
covariates available in this category. See Supplementary material 2: Table S2 for details on covariate data. 

Switzerland. 

3. Performance demonstration

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the provided context to determine the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. The table and figure mentioned do not provide any links or references to external repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Additionally, the text does not mention any specific data repository links related to the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.