Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.2.2. Retrieval results 

The retrieval experiments ensued the following strategy: every image 
is used as a query image and is matched with every remaining image in 
the database. Tables 6 and 7 present the retrieval performances of all the 
networks in terms of the four considered measures by choosing the top 
100 matches, i.e. η = 100, and the two chosen similarity distances. 

3.3. Deep learning vs traditional machine learning comparison 

A comparison of deep learning approaches with traditional machine

Our study was mainly to propose a new model based on CNN, which 
provides an efficient and effective approach for single seed classification 
and retrieval. Our network architecture, SeedNet, contains six learnable 
layers, 5 of which are convolutional, and the last is fully-connected. The 
ReLU (Rectified Linear Unit) activation is applied to the output of every 
convolutional  layer.  Moreover,  we  periodically  insert  a  pooling  layer 
between successive convolutional layers, in order to reduce the amount 
of parameters and computation in the network, and hence to also control 
overfitting. More precisely, we employ a Max pooling strategy with a 
3 × 3 filter size, and 1 × 1 stride. The input image size is 224 × 224 × 3. 
According to the chosen dataset, the output of the last fully-connected 
layer  is  fed  to  a  N-way  softmax,  which  produces  a  distribution  over 
the N class labels to predict, i.e. 6 for the Canadian and 23 for the local

As expected for the retrieval task performed with deep features, the 
similarity  measure  influences  the  retrieval  performances,  and  for  our 
problem, the best one seems to be the Euclidean distance (See Table 6 
and 7). Even a little less effective than for classification, the results can 
be considered satisfying and confirm the potential use of deep learning 
techniques for retrieval tasks. Overall, our proposed model turns out to 
be the most performing among the considered networks.

(8)  

where  dim is  the dimension  of the  feature vectors,  Ft(τ) is the τth  the 
element of the feature vector of the query image t and FDBs (τ) is the τth 
element of the feature vector of the sth  image in the database DB. 

ComputersandElectronicsinAgriculture187(2021)1062696A. Loddo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Metrics. Four performance measures, namely average retrieval pre-
cision, ARP, average retrieval rate, ARR, Fscore  and mean average preci-
sion, mAP, have been used to compare the retrieval performances. The 
mathematical  formulation  for  each  of  these  performance  measures  is 
given as follows: 

ARP =

number of relevant images retrieved
total number of images retrieved (η)

=

100
ω

∑ω

i=1

r(DBi)
η

(9)  

ARR =

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hyperparameters such as learning rate or optimizer used in the deep learning model. However, it mentions that the ReLU (Rectified Linear Unit) activation function is applied to the output of every convolutional layer, and there are six learnable layers, five of which are convolutional, and the last is fully connected. Additionally, max pooling with a 3x3 filter size and 1x1 stride is employed between successive convolutional layers.