Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Some of the state-of-the-art techniques 
for  handling  big  datasets,  such  as  deep  learning  and  convolutional 
neural networks (Stowell, 2022; Stowell et al., 2019), can be difficult to 
run for ornithologists, managers, and researchers without bioacoustics 
or  engineering  backgrounds.  However,  user-friendly  and  ready-to-use 
machine  learning  approaches  have  recently  been  developed  and  are 
increasingly accessible to respond to real-life monitoring challenges and 
the general public (Cole et al., 2022). Among these approaches is Bird-
NET, a research project between The Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the 
Chemnitz University of Technology. BirdNET facilitates the automated 
detection and classification of bird vocalizations, through a developed 
deep neural network, from sound recordings (Kahl et al., 2021). Bird-
NET is able to identify over 3000 bird species (Wood et al., 2021) and is

recognizers,  thus  cannot  be  used  for  detecting  species  not  already 
included  in  BirdNET,  and  has  limited  performance  for  detecting  and 
correctly identifying rare species (Arif et al., 2020).

In this paper, we used passive acoustic monitoring in a threatened, 
aquatic,  and  nocturnal  cryptic  bird  species  using  low-cost  ARUs  and 
ready-to-use machine learning approaches for automated bird detection 
to:  i)  estimate  the  percentage  of  Eurasian  bittern  (Botaurus  stellaris) 
vocalizations  (and  presences)  automatically  detected  by  BirdNET  and 
Kaleidoscope Pro, to ii) evaluate the distance at which the open-source 
and low-cost AudioMoth recorder is able to detect Eurasian bittern vo-
calizations, and iii) apply PAM coupled with automated signal recog-
nition  to  a  real-world  monitoring  situation,  aiming  to  detect  the 
presence  of  the  Eurasian  bittern  in  potential  wetlands  of  seemingly 
appropriate habitat. Finally, we also aimed to iv) assess the effectiveness 
of the proposed technique when compared to traditional field surveys 
for detecting the species presence. We expect that the evaluation of real

the proportion of annotated calls correctly identified by BirdNET may 
differ from 9% for the Mourning dove (Zenaida macroura) to 68% for the 
California  Quail  (Callipepla  californica).  There  are  also  off-the-shelf 
commercially  available  programs like  Kaleidoscope  Pro (300$  annual 
license, Wildlife Acoustics, USA) that can be used to detect and to group 
candidate sounds into clusters using Hidden Markov Models (Abrahams 
and Geary, 2020; P´erez-Granados and Schuchmann, 2020). Moreover, 
species-specific classifiers can be created by training Kaleidoscope Pro to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is for the automated detection and classification of bird vocalizations from sound recordings. This model, known as BirdNET, was developed as part of a research project between The Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the Chemnitz University of Technology. It uses a deep neural network to facilitate the identification of over 3000 bird species. Therefore, the primary function of this deep learning model is both classification and detection of bird species based on their vocalizations.