Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

View related articles 

View Crossmark data

Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tjit20

JOURNAL OF INFORMATION AND TELECOMMUNICATION
2018, VOL. 2, NO. 4, 492–510
https://doi.org/10.1080/24751839.2018.1501542

Extreme deep learning in biosecurity: the case of machine
hearing for marine species identiﬁcation
Konstantinos Demertzisa, Lazaros S. Iliadisb and Vardis-Dimitris Anezakis

c

aSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus
University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; bSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of
Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; cDepartment of Forestry and
Management of the Environment and Natural Resources, Democritus University of Thrace, Orestiada, Greece

ARTICLE HISTORY
Received 30 November 2017
Accepted 14 July 2018

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

Regularized
Autoencoder
Learning
(MIGRATE_ELM). The MIGRATE_ELM uses an innovative Deep
Learning algorithm (DELE) that is applied for the ﬁrst time for the
above purpose. The assignment of the corresponding class ‘native’
or ‘invasive’ in its locality, is carried out by an equally innovative
approach entitled ‘Geo Location Country Based Service’ that has
been proposed by our research team.

Before introducing our proposed algorithm, it would be essential to discuss the existing basic
theoretical framework. The question of whether a small Neural Network architecture can
learn a lot, even from huge training data sets, was answered in the aﬃrmative by ELM. An
ELM (Cambria & Guang-Bin, 2013) is a Single-Hidden Layer Feed Forward Neural Network
(SLFFNN) with N hidden neurons, randomly selected input weights and random values of
bias in the hidden layer, while the weights at its output are calculated with a single multipli-
cation of vector matrices. SLFFNNs are used in ELMs because of their ability to approach any
continuous function and to classify any discontinuous areas. An ELM can accurately learn N
samples, and its learning speed can be even thousands of times greater than the speed of
conventional Back Propagation Feed Forward Neural Networks (BP_FFNN).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide explicit information about specific measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model. However, it mentions that Extreme Learning Machines (ELMs), which are part of the deep learning methodology employed in this study, have the potential to generalize performance based solely on their training data set. This implies that the authors may have relied on the inherent properties of ELMs to achieve good generalization. Additionally, the paper introduces a new Deep Learning algorithm called Regularized Autoencoder Learning (MIGRATE\_ELM) and proposes a novel approach named 'Geo Location Country Based Service'. These innovations could potentially contribute to improving the model's generalizability, although the exact mechanisms or techniques used to validate and enhance the model's performance are not explicitly discussed in the given context.