Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Finally,  we  can  chose  λ  so  as  to  minimize  the  average  species 
assemblage size E[|Sλ(X) |] - which is equivalent to maximize λ  - while 
guarantying that the average error rate is lower than an ϵ objective: 

argmin
λ∈[0,1]

E[|Sλ(X) |]

max
λ∈[0,1]

(λ)

⇔

s.t. ℰ(Sλ) ≤ ϵ

s.t. ℰ(Sλ) ≤ ϵ

(3) 

This is equivalent to what is called conformal prediction in machine 
learning (Fontana et al., 2023) and guarantees that the actual species is 
contained within the set with probability 1 (cid:0) ϵ. 

2.3. Conservation indices for species assemblages 

2.3.1. Definition of the indices 

In addition to the classical Shannon index ℐH , we define two novel 
indices characterizing the extinction risk of a predicted species assem-
blage, ℐc and ℐO . They respectively render the proportion of threat-
ened species in the assemblage and the most critical IUCN status in the 
assemblage. Let’s break down their construction. 

2.3.2.

IUCN status notations

Once  the  backbone  species  distribution  model  optimised,  we  cali-
brate  the  species  assemblage  predictions.  To  do  so,  we  control  the 
average error on the validation set when testing if the correct species is 
returned within the assemblage thresholded with the hyperparameter λ 
(see method explanation Section 2.2.2). In Eq. (3), ϵ  is set to 0.03. As 
reported on Fig. 2, the resulting value for λ is estimated to be 8.75e (cid:0) 5. 
The average size of the predicted species assemblages is equal to 124 
species. Summary statistics on ∣̂

Sλ∣ are reported on Table S1.

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit details about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it mentions that the hyperparameter lambda (λ) was chosen such that the average species assemblage size E[|Sλ(X)|] is minimized, or equivalently, lambda is maximized, subject to the constraint that the average error rate is lower than an epsilon objective (ϵ). This process is referred to as conformal prediction in machine learning. The value of epsilon (ϵ) is explicitly stated as being set to 0.03. Unfortunately, there is no mention of whether techniques like grid search or random search were used to find the optimal values for these hyperparameters.