Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

(5) 

(a)

(b)

IV. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

The  experiment  is  performed  on  the  UAV  hyperspectral 
image  described  in  section  II.  There  are  ten  different  land-
cover  classes  in  the  captured  UAV  hyperspectral  image  as 
shown in Table I. Considering it is hard to label hyperspectral 
image in the real world, we split the labeled pixels of UAV 
hyperspectral image into the training set and test set with the 
ratio 1:9. The training samples were used to learn the weights 
and  biases  of  the  network,  and  the  test  samples  are  used  to 
evaluate the classification performance.

[4] W. Hu, Y. Huang, L. Wei, F. Zhang, and H. Li, "Deep convolutional
neural  networks  for  hyperspectral  image  classification,"  Journal  of
Sensors, vol. 2015, 2015. 

[5] H. Zhang, Y. Li, Y. Zhang, and Q. Shen, "Spectral-spatial classification 
of  hyperspectral  imagery  using  a  dual-channel  convolutional  neural
network," Remote Sensing Letters, vol. 8, pp. 438-447, 2017. 

[6] Y.  Chen,  H.  Jiang,  C.  Li,  X.  Jia,  and  P.  Ghamisi,  "Deep  feature
extraction  and  classification  of  hyperspectral  images  based  on
convolutional neural networks," IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and
Remote Sensing, vol. 54, pp. 6232-6251, 2016.

On the other hand, since the powerful feature extraction 
capabilities, the deep learning methods have succeed in many 
fields,  such  as  computer  vision  and  natural  language 
processing. In recently, the deep learning based methods have 
also  been  used  to  solve  the  HSI  classification  task  and 
achieved remarkable achievements. Among the deep learning 
methods,  the  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  (CNNs)  are 
most widely explored to solve the HSI classification task. Hu 
et  al.  [4]  designed  a  one-dimensional  convolutional  neural 
network(1-D-CNN) for classification according to the spectral 
feature  of  HSI.  Due  to  the  insufficient  training  data,  the 
designed  1-D-CNN  just  includes  a  convolution  operation,  a 
pooling operation and a fully connected operation. Although 
the structure of  designed 1-D-CNN is simple, it achieved a 
satisfactory  classification  performance.  The  classification

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the optimizer. However, it can be inferred from the context that the deep learning method employed is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). CNNs typically use various hyperparameters like learning rate, batch size, number of epochs, optimizers (like Adam, RMSprop, etc.), and regularization techniques (like dropout, weight decay, etc.). Since the exact values or choices of these hyperparameters are not mentioned in the context, it cannot be determined what they were for this particular study.