Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

include  flip, rotations  and  affine  transformation. We  then  trained the 
same dataset with ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 
500 epochs. It is worth noting that the selection of image augmentations 
is  of  crucial  importance  to  improve  training  performance.  Multiply, 
linear  contrast,  sharpen,  emboss,  flip  in  horizontal  and  vertical  di-
rections,  rotations  and  affine  transformation  were  used  for  heavy 
augmentation.

were  proven  to  succumb  to  complexity,  low  precision  and  reliability, 
whereas image analysis-based methods have now been widely adopted 
due to their efficiency and accuracy (Gupta et al., 2019; Zhang et al., 
2021).  The  deep  learning  model  successfully  segments  and  classifies 
various objects at satisfying accuracy. AI-aided soil chip analysis does 
not only allow to study abundance and biodiversity measures following 
local treatments or large biogeographic variations, but even to investi-
gate direct interactions of microbes with each other, or with additives to 
the ecosystem, such as biochar or toxins that can be added into the chips. 
The  approach  can  be  extended  to  other  microbial  groups  including

Acknowledgments 

The training and data handling were enabled by resources provided 
by the National Academic Infrastructure for Supercomputing in Sweden 
(NAISS) at Chalmers Centre for Computational Science and Engineering 
(C3SE),  High  Performance  Computing  Center  North  (HPC2N)  and 
Uppsala Multidisciplinary Center for Advanced Computational Science 
(UPPMAX) partially funded by the Swedish Research Council through 
grant  agreement  no.  2022-06725.  The  authors  wish  to  thank  Lund 
University  research  infrastructure  Correlative  Image  Processing  and 
Analysis for machine learning-related consultations. The work for A.S. is

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, several data augmentation techniques were employed in the deep learning pipeline. These include multiplying images, applying linear contrast, sharpening, embossing, flipping horizontally and vertically, rotating, and using affine transformations. Specifically, these techniques were utilized during the training of the same dataset with the ResNet-101 network for 500 epochs. The selection of image augmentations was deemed crucial to improving training performance. Notably, the mentioned techniques were used for heavy augmentation.