Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

Finally, with the goal of assessing the generalization power of the 
networks  studied,  in  section  4.2.3  we  divided  the  data  into  4  non- 
overlapping  subsites  to  maximise  the  independence  between  the 
training and testing sets. Overall, the results (Section 4.2.3) were slightly 
lower  than  in  previous  experiments,  showcasing  how  the  common 
practice of randomly dividing a single data set into training and testing 
may  lead to overestimating practical performance. In all fairness, the 
conditions studied were probably unfavorable, as the high variation in 
class distribution between training and testing sets could have also been 
ameliorated by using data augmentation or building datasets that better 
reflect  real  percentages.  Having  said  that,  DL  networks  still  obtained 
results  clearly  beyond  those  of  human  observers  with  a  71.76% 
weighted  accuracy.  This  indicates  that  DL  networks  can  be  used  as

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

to practical ecological applications. In particular, it is crucial to provide 
results  that  indicate  how  useful  the  trained  networks  would  be  in 
practical  scenarios.  This  can  be  very  challenging  due  to  the  ease  of 
obtaining high values of commonly used metrics, such as classification 
accuracy, that do not always represent the whole picture missing some 
subtle errors on important species as detailed above.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: To ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, several measures were taken. Firstly, the data was divided into four non-overlapping subsites to maximize the independence between the training and testing sets. This division aimed to prevent overfitting and improve the model's ability to handle unseen data. Secondly, instead of randomly dividing a single data set into training and testing sets, which may lead to overestimation of practical performance, the study focused on creating more realistic conditions. These conditions included variations in class distribution between training and testing sets, which could potentially affect the model's performance. However, these unfavorable conditions did not significantly impact the model's performance, as it still achieved a weighted accuracy of 71.76%, surpassing human observers. Lastly, while data augmentation or building datasets that better reflect real percentages were suggested as potential improvements, they were not explicitly mentioned as part of the measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model.