Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arctic wildlife monitoring 
Deep learning 
ResNet-50 
MegaDetector 
Time-lapse camera

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025784G. Celis et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

3.5. Workflow performance

g Google AI for Nature and Society, Mountain View, California, USA

et  al.,  2023). Our workflow  reduces  the  load by  ~62 h,  however the 
amount of time required to develop the site-specific models and work-
flow took ~160 h. It would take approximately 960 k processed images 
to recover the time invested in developing the workflow, which makes 
sense  for  long-term  projects  where  the  initial  investment  of  time  is 
recouped over the life of the project. 

6. Conclusion 

Data availability 

The  original  pictures  and  data  from  Finnmark  and  Yamal  can  be 
obtained from the authors upon request. The Finnmark data is available 
from  the  Climate-Ecological  Observatory  for  Arctic  Tundra  (COAT) 
database  (doi:10.48425/6jytn3ga)  The  code  and  detailed  instructions 
for 
(https://github. 
are 
com/gerlis22/CameraTrap.git). 

workflow 

GitHub 

the 

on

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it does not explicitly state which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, we cannot determine if they used platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.