Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

Cutler, D.R., Edwards, T.C., Beard, K.H., Cutler, A., Hess, K.T., Gibson, J., Lawler, J.J., 

2007. Random forests for classification in ecology. Ecol. 88, 2783–2792. 

Durant, J.M., Hjermann, D.Ø., Falkenhaug, T., Gifford, D.J., Naustvoll, L.J., Sullivan, B. 

K., Beaugrand, G., Stenseth, N.Chr, 2013. Extension of the match-mismatch 
hypothesis to predator-controlled systems. Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser. 474, 43–52. 
Flores, A., Wiff, R., Díaz, E., 2015. Using the gonadosomatic index to estimate the 

maturity ogive: application to Chilean hake (Merluccius gayi gayi). ICES J. Mar. Sci. 
72, 508–514. 

Flores, A., Wiff, R., Ganias, K., Marshall, C.T., 2019. Accuracy of gonadosomatic index in 
maturity classification and estimation of maturity ogive. Fish. Res. 210, 50–62. 

G´alvez, P., Balbontín, F., Claramunt, G., Herrera, G., Sateler, J., Young, Z., 2009.

Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been successfully applied in 
teleost  and  elasmobranch  reproductive  biology,  used  to  determine 
maturation  condition,  sex,  and  spawning  habitats  (Brown-Peterson 
et al., 2021; Brownscombe et al., 2020; Rogers et al., 2017; Slembrouck 
et  al.,  2019;  Vitale  et  al.,  2006).  In  this  study,  Random  Forests  (RF) 
analyses  proved  to  be  similarly  effective  in  classifying  maturity  in 
Chilean hake, with high precision measured against the gold-standard of 
histological  staging.  The  RF’s  accuracy  in  classifying  immature  and 
mature-inactive females was notably high, in contrast to macroscopic 
analysis which generally misassigned these stages due to their similar 
external characteristics of the gonads – making them difficult to discern 
by  the  naked  eye,  even  for  experienced  scientific  observers.  This  is  a 
common  problem  in  macroscopic  analysis  beyond  Chilean  hake,

including other commercially important fish species such as Cod Gadus 
morhua (Vitale et al., 2006).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the code repository link of any deep learning pipeline related to this context. The given text discusses the application of machine learning methods, specifically Random Forests, in classifying maturity in Chilean hake. It also mentions the use of histological staging as the gold standard for comparison. However, it does not provide any details about a specific deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository link.