Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Once submitted, data package descriptions and data ﬁles are
manually reviewed for completeness and accuracy as part of the pro-
ject's archival approval processes. After approval, data packages with
appropriate citation information are made available via the web portal
to data consumers who are assigned access privileges.

3.3.2. Data ﬁle descriptions (ﬁle submission metadata and data column
description)

For each data ﬁle submitted, data originators report the following
metadata in the MS Excel template “File Submission Metadata:” 1) Tree
ID or other Location ID if applicable, 2) time period of the data and
timestamp details (e.g., time zone and whether the timestamp is at the

For the NGEE Tropics project, data are archived using the project's
data repository NGEE Tropics Archive, which allows users to upload
and access data packages. Currently, data originators can create, save,
edit, and submit draft data packages via a web portal (Appendix E).
Data originators provide descriptive metadata about the data package
in a web form and can upload a single data ﬁle of any type (zipped ﬁle
types allow for upload of multiple ﬁles). The web form enables data
originators to reuse certain information, such as ﬁeld site and plot in-
formation and person (name, email, institution) information to mini-
mize inconsistent or erroneous data entry. For example, data origina-
tors only have to select the site name/ID for all related site information
to be auto-populated, including spatial coordinates (numerically and
via google maps), PI (principal investigator) information, and general
site descriptions.

Finally, FRAMES was designed to facilitate submission to data re-
positories, including the NGEE Tropics Archive, the project's data re-
pository. The NGEE Tropics Archive has a web portal that allows data
originators to upload and download data packages. The Archive is
supported by a programmatic REST API built on top of Django Python
web framework with an easy-to-use web user interface built with
Foundation (Zurb, 2016) front-end framework. The Foundation front-
end framework is ﬂexible, highly customizable and provides support for
responsive, light-weight HTML for mobile application support. Django
is a fully featured open-source Python web application framework that
supports rapid development. Django makes the low-level framework
decisions so that the development is primarily focused on the applica-
tion domain rather than composing the framework features. NGEE
Tropics Archive manages the data package by storing the data package

Due to data management requirements from federal funding agen-
cies, a variety of data collection repositories now exist, each with their
own metadata requirements (e.g., KBase, 2016; KNB, 2016; NOAA
NCEI, 2016; USGS, 2016). Over the last several years, the digital pre-
servation community has developed a general consensus around best
practices for metadata that deﬁne how to reliably ingest data into these
data repositories, track provenance, build and maintain metadata, and
enable future consumers to independently access and use the data. For
example, the Open Archival Information System (OAIS) reference
model describes the concept of information packages as a collection of
content and metadata. The metadata is further delineated as 1) content
metadata, 2) descriptive metadata that enable search and retrieval of
the content, 3) preservation description metadata necessary for long-
term archiving such as provenance, checksums and unique identiﬁers,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The data repository used for the NGEE Tropics project is called the NGEE Tropics Archive. This archive allows users to upload and access data packages through a web portal. It is supported by a programmatic REST API built on top of the Django Python web framework, with an easy-to-use web user interface built with the Foundation (Zurb, 2016) front-end framework. However, it does not appear to be one of the commonly known data repositories mentioned in the query, such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. Therefore, it seems that the specific data repository for the deep learning pipeline may not be publicly accessible or listed among the common data repositories.