Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

An  issue  with  deep  learning  methods  is  that  it  can  be  difficult  to 
obtain enough ground truth data. Sharma et al. (2017) utilized crowd-
sourcing, involving non-expert users for obtaining manual annotation, 
and demonstrated the efficacy of their method on karyotyping images of 
chromosomes.

ingful outputs. In Fig. 15a, we apply a window with a size corresponding 
to 0.29mm2. Given a set of thin binary filaments, each with a unique ID, 
eq. (1) can be applied to each filament to get its length (Fig. 15b). To 
visualize the network structure, we can consider two diverse represen-
tations (Fig. 15c &  15d). In Fig. 15c, the separated hyphae have been

Indeed,  there  is  a  vast  range  of  potentially  complex  situations,  and

(4)  

(5)  

(6)  

(7) 

In case (b), the goal was to assess the strength of agreement between 
the gold standard method (manual tracing) and the proposed automated 
method measuring the mycelium length. Lin’s Concordance Coefficient 
(ρc
) (McBride,  2005) is  a commonly  adopted method  to assess  agree-
ment  strength.  Since  the  relation  between  our  measurement  and  the 
manual  one can be  regarded  as  a  statistical population  of  continuous 
random  variables,  following  the  guidelines  by  McBride  (2005),  we 
considered  the  one-sided  95%  confidence  limit  of  ρc  which  was 
computed using the software provided in (Mathew, 2018). CIlow95%(ρc) <
0.9 as poor, 0.9 < CIlow95%(ρc) < 0.95 as moderate, 0.95 < CIlow95%(ρc) <
0.99  as  substantial,  and  CIlow95%(ρc)  > 0.99  as  almost  perfect, 

2.5.2. Validation of separation of filaments

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about any specific measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model mentioned. However, some potential indicators of such efforts could include the use of crowd-sourcing for obtaining manual annotations, as well as the application of various representations to visualize the network structure. These practices might suggest an attempt to incorporate diverse perspectives and approaches into the development of the model. Nonetheless, without more detailed information regarding the training process or evaluation techniques employed, it remains unclear whether strategies like diverse datasets, cross-validation, or stratified splitting were implemented to enhance the model's generalizability.