Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

Group 

Algae 
Algae 
Algae 
Algae 
Coral 
Coral 
Coral 
Coral 
Mollusc 
Mollusc 
Crustacea 
Ascidea 
Fish 
Fish 
Fish 
Fish 
Reptile 
Mammal  

Weighted normalised abundance = Normalised abundance/Effort  

Effort = Number of divers x Dive time

Acknowledgements 

We would like to thank the dive centres that took part in the survey, 
namely  Azul  Diving  Madeira,  Cipreia  Dive  Club  -  Madeira,  Haliotis 
Madeira Diving Center, Madeira Oceanos - Diving Center, Manta Diving, 
Mero  Diving  Center,  Porto  Santo  Sub  and  Rhea  Dive  Center.  We  are 
especially  thankful  to  Manta  Diving  Center  Madeira  and  Madeira 
Divepoint  that  cooperated  with  us  during  the  initial  trial  and  data 
gathering. This is contribution 125 from the Smithsonian’s MarineGEO 
and Tennenbaum Marine Observatories Network. 

Appendix A. Supplementary data 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102191. 

References 

Altamirano, M., Mú˜noz, A.R., De la Rosa, J., Barraj´on-Mínguez, A., Barraj´on-

of standardisation, by focusing on the frequency and abundance of specific taxa, while retaining a recreational 
dive  plan.  Additionally,  the  app  also  collects  metadata  on  location,  number  of  dives  and  number  of  divers 
enabling normalisation based on “sampling effort”. In this pilot study, the use of the app was tested to compile 
information on the frequency and abundance of 18 marine taxa selected by local experts based on their con-
servation  status,  commercial  interest,  ecological  function  and/or  their  non-indigenous  origin.  Additionally,  a 
question-based survey was conducted to assess the opinion of users on the app’s usability and the potential value 
for the diving community/industry, showcasing a high usability score and interest among users. Basic statistical 
analysis of the data crowdsourced over the 1-month trial illustrates the potential and value of regional moni-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any deep learning models or their respective hyperparameters such as learning rates or optimizers. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response regarding the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model.