Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

makes our model a powerful tool for predicting real-world phenomena 
such as wildfire spreads or pest plants propagation, since we take into 
account the most important variables in the representation.

where t and h represent temperature and humidity resp. 
b.Modification  of  the  update  criterion  and  application  of  ma-
chine learning: We will seek to improve our model by modifying the 
update  criterion,  maintaining  stochasticity  but  making  it  differen-
tiable. This will allow us to take advantage of machine-learning tools 
and turn our model into an intelligent cellular automaton. 
c.Optimising  the  scope:  We  will  make  changes  in  the  partitions 
used to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration. This 
will become another adjustable parameter to improve the accuracy 
and efficiency of the model. 
d.Strategies of variance-reduction: As previously mentioned, the 
estimator  given  by  Eq.  6  may  not  have  the  minimum  variance. 
Therefore, it opens the possibility to investigate and develop new and 
more sophisticated estimators by using variance reduction strategies 
such as the importance sampling, stratified sampling, Quasi-Monte

ij = 0 ⇒ mk+1

ij

:=

ij = mk
ij +
⎧
(
⎪⎨

Be

rk
ij

⎪⎩

1

Fig. 1. Model flow overview per generation when u1⩽ρ⩽u2.  

1
ΔID
)

if

if

0 ⩽ rk

ij < 1

rk
ij⩾ 1

Table 1 
Description of the role of the main parameters.   

(3) 

ΔID 
P 

C 
p0 

delay between infected and dead state 
partition which determines the influence of the wind intensity 
loss factor for far cells 
infection probability for surrounding cells, when the wind has no effect  

Role 

Thus, using Eq. (3), we can conclude that an infected cell remains as 
infected  during  ΔID  generations.  In  addition,  dead  elements  are  not 
recovered. Furthermore, as can be seen in Property 3.1 of Boters Pitarch 
et al. (2023), we can theoretically compute the number E of infections 
expected  by  the  model,  given  its  parameters.  This  measure  can be  of 
great help in our study to understand their impact and for a future search 
according to a real case. 

2.2. Limitations of the model

5.1. Limitations of the model as a classification model 

Our classification model is built upon the Monte Carlo method. While 
Monte Carlo codes have achieved significant sophistication, simulations 

suffer  from  the  drawback  of  demanding  extensive  computational  re-
sources  to  attain  an  adequate  level  of  result  confidence.  Hence,  it  is 
crucial to acknowledge the associated limitations. 

Specifically, a substantial number of tests may be required. Insuffi-
cient  testing  could  lead  to  a  heightened  sampling  error,  resulting  in 
overly broad confidence intervals. Ensuring an ample number of trials is 
crucial to obtain more precise and reliable estimates.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not explicitly mention the use of any specific deep learning models such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers. However, there is a reference to applying machine learning techniques to modify the update criterion and turning the model into an intelligent cellular automaton. It also mentions investigating and developing new and more sophisticated estimators using variance reduction strategies like importance sampling, stratified sampling, and Quasi-Monte Carlo methods. Therefore, based on this context, it cannot be determined what type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline.