Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This is the ﬁrst study to our knowledge to investigate the pheno-
logical features in improving the performance of deep learning. As re-
vealed in our results, we have seen great potential in developing phe-
nological knowledge based deep learning methods. Recent literature
has documented the applications and beneﬁts of deep learning, a new
branch of machine learning, in various ﬁelds (LeCun et al., 2015).
However, it is still a controversial topic whether deep learning is more
suitable than traditional machine learning methods for Landsat image
classiﬁcation (Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Li et al., 2016). Never-
theless, this study aims to evaluate the hypotheses that applying phe-
nological knowledge as input data of deep learning can improve the
performance in the detection of invasive S. alterniﬂora. A comparison
experiment between SAE and SVM with six diﬀerent types of Landsat
images was conducted (see Table 2). The best performance was

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

5.3. Invasion outbreak of S. alterniﬂora

This is the ﬁrst time that the invasion outbreak of the S. alterniﬂora
was discovered at the regional scale, which beneﬁtted from the fol-
lowing three factors: (1) The proposed Ppf-CM eases the problems
caused by the scarcity of entire scene cloud-free Landsat scenes; (2) The
deep learning classiﬁer optimizes the use of the phenological
in-
formation yielded from Ppf-CM; (3) GEE provides an ideal platform for
handling massive amount of data required by the pixel-based method
(i.e. Ppf-CM) with its powerful data storage and high computational
capacity.

1.3. Classiﬁer

Although the pixel-based phenological feature may augment the
spectral separability between invasive and native species, another
contributing factor aﬀecting S. alterniﬂora mapping is the development
of an eﬀective classiﬁer. Currently, most mainstream classiﬁers in re-
mote sensing applications are based on machine learning (Mather and
Paul, 2009). Artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) was initially proposed in 1956
for the purpose of constructing a machine to mimic human thinking.
Machine learning emerged in the 1980s to implement AI algorithms.
Deep learning, as a new branch of machine learning, has achieved
successful applications in various ﬁelds since 2012, e.g. computer vi-
sion, speech recognition, and remote sensing classiﬁcation (LeCun

2

J. Tian, et al.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, or scaling used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the study investigates the application of phenological knowledge as input data for deep learning to improve the performance in detecting invasive Spartina alterniflora. It also discusses using Google Earth Engine (GEE), a powerful platform for handling large amounts of data, and employing a deep learning classifier. Unfortunately, there is no mention of any particular data augmentation techniques used within their deep learning pipeline.