Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016582H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 1. Field site locations in the province of Alberta, Canada. Data collected at Pelican Mountain (PM) and Calling Lake (CL) were used for training and testing the 
deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) semantic segmentation algorithm. Data collected at Conklin (CK) were used solely for independent validation. 

overview of the methodological steps taken and associated datasets used 
at each step is shown in Fig. 2. 

2.3. Field measurements 

2.2. Ground photographs

exposure settings could potentially be used to standardize images and 
enable  distributed  data  collection  of  nadir  photographs  by  groups  of 
personnel  working  at  different  times  of  the  day  and  using  different 
brands of smartphones. Future work could also explore techniques such 
as active learning and pre-training on new semantically related datasets. 
Potential  long-term  implications  of  this  research  include  eventual 
development of a smartphone-based app to quickly and automatically 
estimate percent ground cover and surface biomass loadings in forest 
ecosystems. In recent years, smartphone applications have enabled the 
public to contribute to data collection and participate in citizen science 
programs  (e.g.  iNaturalist,  NoiseTube,  Secchi).  With  crowd-sourcing, 
ground  cover  observations  can  be  collected  in  quantities  that  far 
exceed  those  of  research  programs  that  rely  solely  on  trained  pro-

Fig.  2. Schematic  diagram  of  methodolog-
ical 
steps.  Field  measurements  were 
collected at three field sites: Pelican Moun-
tain  (PM),  Calling  Lake  (CL)  and  Conklin 
(CK). Manual classification of fuel types used 
in  semantic  segmentation  training  and 
testing were limited to data collected at PM 
and  CL.  Field  measurement  data  and  raw 
photos  from  the  CK  field  site  were  used 
solely for independent validation. R refers to 
the  R  programming  language  and  environ-
ment for statistical computing (R Core Team, 
2020).  DCNN  refers  to  deep  convolutional 
neural network.   

m (class 5). Overstory composition for each transect was estimated for 
up to two species. Fuel load for each FWD size class was calculated by 
transect using the following formula: 
)

([

([

]

]

)

Wfwd =

π2 G1sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S1

+

π2 G2sec(h)n QMD2 c
8L

× S2

(1)

Unsurprisingly,  estimates  of  percent  ground  cover  from  manually 
segmented photos were not strongly correlated with field-measured fuel 
loads (r < 0.77). Nonetheless, our results were still statistically signifi-
cant and suggest that in situations where rapid, unbiased field sampling 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016588H.A. Cameron et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 7. Samples of raw nadir photographs, manual segmentation and predicted segmentation from our trained deep convolutional neural network.  

techniques take priority over more accurate measurements, nadir pho-
tographs  can  adequately  describe  forest  floor  attributes.  Although 
promising, segmenting photos manually was labor intensive and there-
fore costly.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes field measurements and ground photographs for collecting raw data in their deep learning pipeline. The field measurements involve collecting data at three field sites: Pelican Mountain (PM), Calling Lake (CL), and Conklin (CK). These measurements include estimating overstory composition for each transect and calculating fuel loads for each Fine Woody Debris (FWD) size class using a specific formula. Additionally, ground photographs are captured using exposure settings that enable distributed data collection of nadir photographs by personnel working at different times of the day and using various brands of smartphones. The potential long-term implication of this research includes developing a smartphone-based application to estimate percent ground cover and surface biomass loadings in forest ecosystems rapidly and automatically.