Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Huang, X., Han, X., Ma, S., Lin, T., Gong, J., 2019. Monitoring ecosystem service change 
in the City of Shenzhen by the use of high-resolution remotely sensed imagery and 
deep learning. Land Degrad. Dev. 30, 1490–1501. 

Jiang, L., Jiapaer, G., Bao, A., Li, Y., Guo, H., Zheng, G., Chen, T., De Maeyer, P., 2019. 
Assessing land degradation and quantifying its drivers in the Amudarya River delta. 
Ecol. Indic. 107. 

Kavian, A., Azmoodeh, A., Solaimani, K., 2014. Deforestation effects on soil properties, 

runoff and erosion in northern Iran. Arab. J. Geosci. 7, 1941–1950. 

Kopittke, P.M., Menzies, N.W., Wang, P., McKenna, B.A., Lombi, E., 2019. Soil and the 

intensification of agriculture for global food security. Environ. Int. 132.

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102484. 

This study has certain limitations. Since the amount of data publicly 
provided  by  the HWSD  was small, and  the fact  that the  geographical 
detector required a large size of geographic samples (Feng et al., 2021). 
In future research on soil degradation, data from the Basic Soil Property 
Dataset  of  High-resolution  China  Soil  Information  Grids  (Feng  and 
Ganlin, 2021) and HWSD should be processed jointly to improve tem-
poral and spatial accuracy. Moreover, vegetation degradation (Wu et al., 
2022) and soil degradation research should be combined to establish a 
long-term land resource evaluation system for different land-use types in 
HN. 

5. Conclusions

2.2. Data collection

tect  grasslands  and  forests  in  high-altitude  areas.  The  goals  of  urban 
development  should  be  clearly  defined  to  limit  the  rapid  increase  of 
roads and settlements to protect cultivated land and constructed land.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model used in the study by Huang et al. (2019) is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, based on the title of their paper ("Monitoring ecosystem service change in the City of Shenzhen by the use of high-resolution remotely sensed imagery and deep learning"), it can be inferred that the deep learning model might have been employed for tasks such as image classification or semantic segmentation. These tasks could help identify and categorize various features within the images, which would then aid in monitoring changes in ecosystem services over time. Nevertheless, without further information, this remains speculative.