Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

6. Discussion

As described above, only 8 of the describing variables were adopted 
for the next tested model. In the M5 model, the alternative YNG_PCT was 

Fig. 10. W* parameters values in MLR M1, M2 and M3 models.  

Fig. 11. W* parameters values in MLR M4 model.  

Fig. 12. W* parameters values in MLR M5 model.  

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)10128410P.A. Kowalski et al.

of districts within the NUTS3 units. 

In summary, it should be emphasized that both the environmental 
data, i.e. the information related to population and geographic condi-
tions, and the air pollution data, are of the Big Data type. Its volume is in 
the order of terabytes in size. 

5. Data processing results and analysis 

5.1. The course of COVID-19 cases

The author of (Coro, 2020) introduced a means of establishing the 
◦
infection rate of COVID-19 globally at a 0.5
resolution via a Maximum 
Entropy  based  Ecological  Niche  Model  (ME-ENM).  This  model  was 
designed to identify geographical areas as a potential that is subject to a 
high infection rate. It indicated the locations that could contribute to the 
increase of the infection rate by virtue of their particular geophysical 
(surface  air  temperature,  precipitation,  and  elevation)  and  human- 
related  characteristics  (carbon  dioxide  and  population  density).  ME- 
ENM was trained on high infection rate data from 54 Italian provinces 
(up to the end of March 2020) and then tested using datasets from World 
country reports. The application of ME-ENM allowed for the determi-
nation of a risk index capable of identifying countries and regions having 
a  high  risk  of  disease  increase.  The  presented  results  implied  that  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't enough information to determine the specific purpose of the deep learning model used in this study. However, we can infer that the authors have employed some form of machine learning or deep learning techniques due to the mention of 'Big Data', which often requires advanced computational methods for processing and analysis. Additionally, the use of terms like 'Maximum Entropy based Ecological Niche Model (ME-ENM)' suggests that they might have applied a supervised learning approach to predict the spread of COVID-19 cases based on various factors such as surface air temperature, precipitation, elevation, carbon dioxide levels, and population density. Nevertheless, without explicit details about the deep learning model's architecture, its exact purpose remains unclear.