Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Fully automatic system for fish biomass estimation based on deep 
neural network 

Tianye Zhang a, b,c, d, Yuqiao Yang d, Yueyue Liu a, b, c, d, Chenglei Liu e, Ran Zhao a, b, c,d, 
Daoliang Li a,b,c, d, Chen Shi a, b, c, d, * 
a National Innovation Center for Digital Fishery, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
b Key Laboratory of Smart Farming Technologies for Aquatic Animal and Livestock, Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, China Agricultural University, Beijing 
100083, China 
c Beijing Engineering and Technology Research Centre for Internet of Things in Agriculture, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
d College of Information and Electrical Engineering, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100083, China 
e Mingbo Aquatic Co., Ltd, Laizhou, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

fish leads to greater errors in weight estimation. Consequently, the use of 
a deep learning network for high-quality target detection proved crucial 
in dealing with the complexities of the underwater environment. Using 
fish body area as a parameter to estimate body weight resulted in higher 
accuracy with a MRE of 3.44% (Shi et al., 2022). However, a consid-
erable  amount  of  image  processing  work,  including  segmentation, 
erosion, and angle correction, led to a decline in the efficiency of body 
weight estimation. Therefore, the proposed method for fully automatic 
biomass  estimation  had  minimized  the  workload  and  complexity  of 
image preprocessing, thereby increasing the efficiency and robustness of 
body weight estimation.

neural network. Comput. Electron. Agric. 173, 105439 https://doi.org/10.1016/j. 
compag.2020.105439. 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)10239910

There is no doubt that low-quality images will increase the workload 
of  image  processing,  requiring  more  complex  algorithms.  Obtaining 
high-quality  images  through  a  fully  automated  biomass  estimation 
method, without any manual intervention, can significantly reduce the 
workload  for  humans.  To  decrease  the  need  for  manual  intervention, 
Ravanbakhsh et al. (2015) implemented a deep learning technique that 
automatically detected and identified the head and mouth of Southern 
Bluefin tuna that were cultured in deep-sea cages. The head and mouth 
of the fish in specific positions within the underwater stereo images were 
accurately recognized using the Haar classifier. Although this technique 
efficiently  decreases  manual  processes,  achieving  fully  automated 
acquisition  of  biomass  information  is  still  lacking  in  certain  aspects. 
Fernandes et al. (2020) combined computer vision with deep learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model used in the given context is for high-quality target detection. This was crucial in dealing with the complexities of the underwater environment when estimating fish biomass. Specifically, the deep learning network was employed to detect fish bodies accurately, which allowed for better estimation of their weights by considering the fish body area as a parameter. This approach improved accuracy compared to traditional methods, resulting in a mean relative error (MRE) of only 3.44%. Additionally, the use of the deep learning model helped minimize the workload and complexity of image preprocessing, thus enhancing the efficiency and robustness of body weight estimation.