Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

0.2672 
1.1551 
0.7954 
0.9286 
1.3280 
0.9879  

helps  the  network  learn  the  probabilities  of  the  values  around  the 
continuous locations of the target bounding boxes (X. Li et al., 2020b). 
Thus, it focuses on the values near a label y, by explicitly increasing the 
probabilities of yi and yi + 1. This metric is used for the bounding box 
estimation. 

Classification loss (cls loss) measures the error in the predicted class 
probabilities  for  each  object  in  the  image  compared  with  the  ground 
truth.  When it is lower, the model is more accurate in predicting the 
class of the objects. This value was computed using a cross-entropy loss 
function (Terven and Cordova-Esparza, 2023).

Three models (Models 4, 5, and 6) were trained using our own data 
(clusters of extracted numbers), as described above, as input for training, 
whereas the other three models (Models 1, 2, and 3) were trained with 
the modified National Institute of Standards and Technology (MNIST) 
dataset of handwritten digits, which can be used to train classification 
models (Deng, 2012).

To determine the ideal training–test split for our model, we used k- 
fold  cross-validation  (k  = 5,  epochs  = 500,  imagesize  = 640).  The 
epochs provide the number of repetitions for training, and the image size 
is  expressed in  pixels. k-fold  cross-validation  (Rodriguez et  al., 2010) 
was used to determine the best training test set for the model. Hereby, 
the data are split into k different training–test sets. The model was not 
trained on the entire dataset but on each training split. The result was an 
investigation of the best data split. Functions of the Python library scikit- 
learn  (scikit-learn  developers,  2023)  were  used  to  split  the  data  and 
investigate the results of each trained model. In addition, YOLO training 
losses and mAP50 values of each model were investigated. The split with 
the  highest  mAP50  value  indicates  the  highest  number  of  correctly 
predicted labels for the model trained on a specific split. We used the

Table  7  depicts  the  six  models  in  greater  detail  by  comparing 
different loss training values, which indicate how well the model learned 
during training. The goal of training was to minimize the loss value. The 
YOLO loss function was divided into three parts (Zafar et al., 2018). 

The box loss is a regression loss that measures the error in the pre-
dicted bounding box coordinates and dimensions relative to the ground 
truth. When the value is lower, the bounding boxes are more accurate (Li 
et al., 2023; Wang et al., 2023). This value is computed by YOLO using 
Intersection  over  Union  (IoU)  (Zheng  et  al.,  2016)  and  distributional 
focal  loss  (DFL)  (X.  Li  et  al.,  2020b).  The  IoU  measures  the  distance 
between the ground truth and the actual box (Zheng et al., 2016). DFL

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model is not directly stated in the given context. However, based on the information provided about the use of Intersection over Union (IoU) and distributional focal loss (DFL) for computing the box loss, it can be inferred that the model is likely designed for object detection tasks. Object detection involves identifying the presence and location of one or multiple objects within an image. The bounding box coordinates and dimensions mentioned in the context further support this assumption. Additionally, the mention of classification loss suggests that the model may also have a component for classifying the detected objects. Therefore, the overall purpose of the deep learning model could be object detection and classification.