Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Pre-trained  networks  offer  architectures  with  various  convolution 
operations that allow them to extract patterns within the images effi-
ciently.  After  the  convolutional  layers  of  pre-trained  networks,  it  is 
necessary to add a fully connected network architecture, also known as 
multi-layer perceptron. These layers are usually located at the end, and 
are responsible for reproducing the predictions of the final output. We 
compared different fully connected network architectures, exploring up 
to  three  hidden  layers  with  8,  16,  32,  and  64  neurons  in  each  layer. 
Consequently,  we  generated  12  models  for  each  dataset  trained  with 
different fully connected architectures. The output layer consisted of a 
single  neuron  with  a  sigmoid  activation  function,  producing  invasion 
predictions between 0.0 and 1.0.

of the models. For instance, Mil`a et al. (2022) used the Nearest Neighbor 
Distance Matching (NNDM) LOO CV method to delineate a geographic 
space  in  which  predictions  can  be  made.  Many  of  these  approaches 
accurately  demonstrate  the  model's  transfer  learning  capabilities,  yet 
they  impose  limitations  on  the  training  domain,  leading  to  reduced 
training  heterogeneity  (Meyer  and  Pebesma,  2021).  However,  con-
ducting large CV experiments with deep learning-based models is often 
infeasible due to  their high computational costs. Deep  learning-based 
models  typically  employ  simple  data  partitioning  strategies,  such  as 
training, validation, and testing (Ocer et al., 2020). This simple scheme 
can help to add heterogeneous information to the training procedure, 
but may also overlook the diversity of heterogeneous spatial information 
in remotely sensed data that is aligned with different learning domains

remote sensing semantic segmentation with transformer. Remote Sens. 14, 4942. 

Liu, Y., Starzyk, J.A., Zhu, Z., 2008. Optimized approximation algorithm in neural 

networks without overfitting. IEEE Trans. Neural Netw. 19, 983–995. 

Lopatin, J., Galleguillos, M., Fassnacht, F.E., Ceballos, A., Hern´andez, J., 2015. Using a 
multistructural object-based LiDAR approach to estimate vascular plant richness in 
Mediterranean forests with complex structure. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Lett. 12, 
1008–1012. 

Lopatin, J., Dolos, K., Hern´andez, H.J., Galleguillos, M., Fassnacht, F.E., 2016. 

Comparing generalized linear models and random forest to model vascular plant 
species richness using LiDAR data in a natural forest in Central Chile. Remote Sens. 
Environ. 173, 200–210. 

Lopatin, J., Dolos, K., Kattenborn, T., Fassnacht, F., 2019a. How canopy shadow affects 
invasive plant species classification in high spatial resolution remote sensing. 
Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 5, 302–317.

discrepancy without further data. Finally, the best models for transfer learning on new data domains often do not 
agree  with  those  selected  by  the  standard  training/validation/testing  scheme.  Our  findings  pave  the  way  for 
deeper discussions and further investigations into the limitations of CNN models when applied to high-resolution 
imagery.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details about the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline. It mentions that different fully connected network architectures were explored for each dataset, generating 12 models for each dataset. However, the names or types of these datasets are not mentioned.