Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ence data available for training were limited, so we sought to explore 
different network sizes in conjunction with pre-training with additional 
acoustic reference data from outside of our audio domain, followed by 
fine-tuning with ROI data from our study site.

Pouyanfar, S., Sadiq, S., Yan, Y., Tian, H., Tao, Y., Reyes, M.P., Shyu, M.L., Chen, S.C., 
Iyengar, S.S., 2018 Sep 18. A survey on deep learning: algorithms, techniques, and 
applications. ACM Comput. Surv. (CSUR). 51 (5), 1–36. https://doi.org/10.1145/ 
3234150. 

Priyadarshani, N., Marsland, S., Castro, I., 2018 May. Automated birdsong recognition in 

complex acoustic environments: a review. J. Avian Biol. 49 (5), jav–01447. 
Pyle, P., DeSante, D.F., 2003. Four-letter and six-letter alpha codes for birds recorded 
from the American Ornithologist’s union check-list area. North American Bird 
Bander. 28 (2), 64–79. 

Quinn, C.A., Burns, P., Gill, G., Baligar, S., Snyder, R.L., Salas, L., Goetz, S.J., Clark, M.L., 
2022 May 1. Soundscape classification with convolutional neural networks reveals 
temporal and geographic patterns in ecoacoustic data. Ecol. Indic. 138, 108831. 

Roca, I.T., Desrochers, L., Giacomazzo, M., Bertolo, A., Bolduc, P., Deschesnes, R.,

Many 2D CNNs use well-labeled training and validation data from 
the study domain intended to optimize weights in existing image-based 
architectures (e.g., ResNet, VGGish, MobileNet), i.e., transfer learning. 
These data are usually hard to acquire and thus have low sample sizes. 
This often leads to the use of larger labeled data from outside the study 
domain.  Recent  BirdCLEF  competitions  use  weakly-labeled  audio 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020652M.L. Clark et al.

Author Contribution Statement 

MC, LS and RS coordinated project management, including citizen 
science-based  field  and  reference  sound  data  collection.  WS  and  DL 
contributed substantially to reference data collection. SB developed and 
implemented the CNN models and CQ performed inference. MC and LS 
designed  and implemented the  data processing workflow. LS and MC 
performed accuracy assessments. MC wrote the first draft of the paper. 
All  co-authors  commented  on and  approved  the  final manuscript.  LS, 
MC, SG and SN obtained funding for and supervised this work. 

5. Conclusions 

Declaration of Competing Interest

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not specify which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or another service was utilized.