Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

However,  the  rise  of  cheap  and  powerful  sensors  has  created  an 
ever-increasing data glut.  To be effective, these new tools must be 
coupled  with  new  automated  approaches  to  processing  and 
analyzing wildlife data streams. 

Here we describe examples of how we are leveraging advances in 
the areas of big data and deep learning to help researchers extract 
meaningful  information  from  the  torrent  of  new  sensor  data,  and 
improve the adaptive management of natural systems. 

4. DEEP LEARNING FOR 

BIODIVERSITY  
4.1.Big data infrastructure

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

speech  recognition,  and  genomics.  As  such,  AI  algorithm 
development  is  shifting  from  programs  hand-written  by  domain 
experts, to training machines by examples – often millions of data 
points  in  the  case  of  difficult  problems  such  as  unconstrained 
image recognition [32]. The major enablers for the success of DL 
have  been  the  availability  of  large  amounts  of  data,  and  the 
corresponding  computational  infrastructure  required  by  the 
learning  algorithms.  In  comparison  to  other  ML  algorithms,  the 
performance of a DL algorithm scales very well with the number 
of  training  examples  and  the  amount  of  compute  cycles  can  be 
applied. 

The biodiversity monitoring application that we have outlined is a 
prime candidate for application of DL, due to availability of large 
amounts  of  labeled  data  produced  by  the  analysts  using  our  UI. 

sensor modality. 

5. CASE STUDIES 

5.1.Detecting rare species

DL  grew  out  of  the  fields  of  representation  learning,  neural 
networks,  and  computational  neuroscience.  It  employs  trainable 
computational  models  composed  of  a  potentially  large  stack  of 
processing layers. Each layer learns a more abstract representation 
of  the  data  based  on  the  more  elementary  representation  in  the 
previous  layer.  For  instance,  in  image  recognition,  the  first  layer 
commonly  represents  any  image  by  its  low  level  visual  features 
such as local edges or gradients. Subsequent layers can be seen to 
combine these low level features in various combinations to form 
corners or textures. In the deepest layers, semantic representations 
are  formed  related  to  the  specific  task  at  hand.  For  example,  in 
face  recognition,  there  forms  a  representation  of  eyes  and  noses, 
and then combinations of those in various geometric relationships,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit details about the specific datasets used in their deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that they leverage advances in big data and deep learning to process and analyze wildlife data streams. This suggests that they might be using custom datasets tailored to their specific application, which could include images, audio recordings, or other types of sensor data collected for wildlife monitoring purposes. They also mention having access to large amounts of labeled data produced by analysts using their user interface. Unfortunately, without further context, I cannot provide the exact names of the datasets used in their deep learning pipeline.