Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, x FOR PEER REVIEW 7 of 22  2.3.3. Deep Learning Model Models based on artificial neural networks (ANNs), i.e., deep learning-based models, are gaining attention in the remote sensing domain [30–34]. The neural networks are used to fit the drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC. The drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC greatly influence the LUCC trajectories, play a dominant role in the study of the LUCC mechanism, and are the forces that cause changes in the LU patterns. Currently, the drivers of LUCC often include natural, socioeconomic, and political factors. The current consensus is that natural conditions control the basic trends and processes of the overall LUCC and the changes in the natural environment, such as climate change, and change the spatial distribution pattern of LU to a great extent. Human activities and socioeconomic factors are the main drivers of LUCC on a small spatiotemporal scale. LUCC is mainly driven by socioeconomic factors over short

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

(1)

(2)

There is still room for optimization and improvement of the deep learning model. Long short-term
memory (LSTM) [48–50] can be introduced to accurately capture the long-term spatiotemporal
dependence and thus obtain more accurate LUCC predictions.
Future studies should use high-resolution datasets, consider various drivers, such as land-use
policies, population density, space, and geophysical and socioeconomic factors, and analyze the
impacts of diﬀerent factors.

(3) The LUCC reconstruction and prediction in areas with large spatiotemporal ranges and diﬀerent
ecogeographical features can be studied. The future work plan is to reconstruct and predict the
LUCC of Northeast China from 1950 to 2050 through the DLURM to investigate the spatiotemporal
evolution pattern.

7 of 22

2.3.3. Deep Learning Model

Models based on artiﬁcial neural networks (ANNs), i.e., deep learning-based models, are gaining
attention in the remote sensing domain [30–34]. The neural networks are used to ﬁt the drivers and
mechanisms of the LUCC. The drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC greatly inﬂuence the LUCC
trajectories, play a dominant role in the study of the LUCC mechanism, and are the forces that cause
changes in the LU patterns.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether the model was deployed using platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform based solely on the provided text.