Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/282290618

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

Conference Paper · September 2015

DOI: 10.13140/RG.2.1.1051.7201

CITATIONS
26

3 authors:

David J Klein

45 PUBLICATIONS   2,299 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

Bernie Tershy

University of California, Santa Cruz

162 PUBLICATIONS   10,146 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

READS
1,677

Matthew Mckown

Conservation Metrics, Inc.

19 PUBLICATIONS   545 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

All content following this page was uploaded by Bernie Tershy on 29 September 2015.

The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

Boomberg data for good 2015 http://first.bloomberglp.com/documents/d4gx/Environment.zip

Deep Learning for Large Scale Biodiversity Monitoring

David J. Klein

Matthew W. McKown

Bernie R. Tershy

Conservation Metrics, Inc. 
100 Shaffer Rd. 
Santa Cruz, CA 95060

Periodically,  we  test  the  efficacy  of  UI  improvements  using A/B 
testing  on  a  small  number  of  projects.  For  example,  when  we 
enabled analysts to use keyboard shortcuts to audit multiple soun 
panels  on  each  page,  we  were  able  to  increase  our  audit 
throughput by a factor of two.  

4.2.2.Deep Learning for Classification 

and Detection

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

We are primarily focused on processing and analyzing large, high-
bit-rate datasets such as audio (high sample rate) and image (large 
amount  of  data  per  sample)  streams.  Other  environmental  sensor 
data, like temperature or air quality, utilize much lower data rates. 
For example, to record bird vocalizations, we typically record 16-
bit stereo audio at a moderate sample rate of 22,000 samples per 
second (22 kHz) at each monitoring site. In another example, for 
tracking  populations  of  invasive  snakes  we  ingest  2048-by-1536 
8-bit 4:2:2 color images taken at least once every thirty seconds at 
each  site.    Data  are  often  collected  with  a  30%  duty  cycle  over 
each day, and light (lossless or near-lossless) data compression is 
employed. A typical survey point can easily generate more than 5 
gigabytes (GB) of data per day, and an entire monitoring project, 
integrating  multiple  sites  in  a  region  over  a  multiple-month

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific metrics used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model. However, common metrics used in evaluating deep learning models include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, and area under the ROC curve (AUC). Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions out of total predictions made. Precision measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all positive predictions made. Recall measures the proportion of true positive predictions out of all actual positives. The F1 score is the harmonic mean of precision and recall, providing a single metric that balances both. Finally, AUC measures the ability of the model to distinguish between classes, where a higher value indicates better performance.