Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Model evaluation

curate,  less  biased  representations  of  a  species  niche  while  also 
accounting for some of the biases that plague biodiversity datasets.

rence of multiple different species using for example factor interactions 
(Leung et al., 2019), multi-nominal predictions using for example con-
volutional  neural  networks  (Deneu  et  al.,  2021)  or  co-occurrences 
through  jSDM  frameworks where  feasible  in the  context of  data  inte-
gration (Ovaskainen et al., 2017, 2016). Integrated SDMs are likely the 
most useful in situations where only limited high quality data exist, as 
most  more advanced modelling techniques are quite  demanding with 
regards to the minimum amount of data required (Merow et al., 2014). 
Nevertheless,  further  work  is  necessary  to  comparatively  assess  the 
performance and accuracy of different types of integration such as those 
outlined in this work.

processes  and  responses  they  are  able  to  capture  (Evans  et  al.,  2016; 
Hannemann  et  al.,  2016;  Lee-Yaw  et  al.,  2022;  Weber  et  al.,  2017), 
especially since - as a data-driven method - SDMs are heavily dependent 
on the good availability and quality of data at adequate scales.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on specific data augmentation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline like flipping, rotation, scaling etc. However, it discusses various methods used in integrated Species Distribution Models (SDMs) which can be considered as a form of data augmentation. These include factor interactions, multinomial predictions using convolutional neural networks, and co-occurrences through joint SDM frameworks. It also mentions that these models are heavily dependent on the availability and quality of data at adequate scales.