Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Regularized
Autoencoder
Learning
(MIGRATE_ELM). The MIGRATE_ELM uses an innovative Deep
Learning algorithm (DELE) that is applied for the ﬁrst time for the
above purpose. The assignment of the corresponding class ‘native’
or ‘invasive’ in its locality, is carried out by an equally innovative
approach entitled ‘Geo Location Country Based Service’ that has
been proposed by our research team.

Through a series of new learning architectures and algorithms, have been transformed;
DELE methods are now the state-of-the-art in object, speech and audio recognition.
Deng and Yu (2013) had proposed methods and applications of DELE. A large deep
convolutional neural network trained (Krizhevsky, Sutskever, & Hinton, 2012) to classify
1.2 million high-resolution images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest into 1000
diﬀerent classes.
In recent years, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have
become very popular and have achieved great success in many computer vision
tasks particularly in object recognition. Cellular Simultaneous Recurrent Networks
(CSRNs) applied (Alom, Alam, Taha, & Iftekharuddin, 2017) to generate initial ﬁlters
of CNNs for features extraction and Regularized Extreme Learning Machines (RELM)
for classiﬁcation. Experiments were conducted on three popular data sets for object
recognition (such as face, pedestrian, and car) to evaluate the performance of the pro-

Before introducing our proposed algorithm, it would be essential to discuss the existing basic
theoretical framework. The question of whether a small Neural Network architecture can
learn a lot, even from huge training data sets, was answered in the aﬃrmative by ELM. An
ELM (Cambria & Guang-Bin, 2013) is a Single-Hidden Layer Feed Forward Neural Network
(SLFFNN) with N hidden neurons, randomly selected input weights and random values of
bias in the hidden layer, while the weights at its output are calculated with a single multipli-
cation of vector matrices. SLFFNNs are used in ELMs because of their ability to approach any
continuous function and to classify any discontinuous areas. An ELM can accurately learn N
samples, and its learning speed can be even thousands of times greater than the speed of
conventional Back Propagation Feed Forward Neural Networks (BP_FFNN).

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not explicitly mention specific regularization methods such as dropout or L2 regularization used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of Regularized Extreme Learning Machines (RELM) for classification, suggesting that some form of regularization might be employed within this method. Additionally, the text refers to the Regularized Autoencoder Learning (MIGRATE_ELM), indicating that regularization techniques could also be involved in this process. Nevertheless, without further information, we cannot definitively identify the exact regularization methods used in these approaches.