Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Data availability 

The data for this work are published on Kaggle and are available at 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/llll00/urbansound8k 
and https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/llll00/birdsdata. 

References 

Chen, H., Wang, Y., Guo, J., Tao, D., 2023. Vanillanet: the power of minimalism in deep 

learning. arXiv:2305.12972.  

Clark, M.L., Salas, L., Baligar, S., Quinn, C.A., Snyder, R.L., Leland, D., Schackwitz, W., 
Goetz, S.J., Newsam, S., 2023. The effect of soundscape composition on bird 
vocalization classification in a citizen science biodiversity monitoring project. Ecol. 
Inform. 75, 102065 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102065. 

Ding, X., Zhang, X., Han, J., Ding, G., 2021. Diverse branch block: building a convolution 

as an inception-like unit arXiv:2103.13425.

In view of this discovery, we re-examined the application strategies 
of deep learning, no longer pursuing model complexity but exploring the 
potential  of  shallow  networks.  Through  meticulous  algorithm  optimi-
sation  and  structural  design,  we  strive  to  maintain  the  model  perfor-
mance while reducing the computational complexity  and deployment 
costs,  achieving  a  balance  between  speed  and  accuracy.  The  specific 
contributions of this study are as follows:  

• We propose a lightweight SIAlex model that utilises AlexNet as the 
backbone,  fully  exploiting  the  performance  of  minimalist  models. 
Ensuring a good balance between speed and accuracy. 

• The  method  of  cascading  multiple  activation  functions  fully  in-
troduces  nonlinear  factors  such  that  the  model  approximates  the 
nonlinear  expression  function  of  the  learning  features  while  also 
improving the gradient propagation.

The combination of deep learning and bird sound recognition is widely employed in bird species conservation 
monitoring.  A  complex  network  structure  is  not  conducive  for  deploying  bird  sound  recognition  devices, 
resulting in problems such as long inference time and low efficiency. Using AlexNet as the backbone model, we 
explore the potential of shallow and straightforward models without complex connection techniques or attention 
mechanisms, named SIAlex, to recognise and classify 20 bird sound datasets, which are simultaneously validated 
on  a  10  class  UrbanSound8k  dataset.  Using  the  structural  re-parameterization  method,  the  number  of  model 
layers  is  reduced,  computational  efficiency  is  improved,  and  the  inference  time  is  significantly  reduced, 
achieving a decoupling of training and inference time in the structure. To increase the nonlinearity of the model,

AlexNet is a deep CNN. Its structure can be divided into three main 
parts: conv-block, max-block and classifier. The conv-block comprises a 
series of convolution layers, normalisation layers, and activation func-
tion layers. It extracts features from the input data and captures local 
features through convolution layers. The normalisation layer is used to 
accelerate training and prevent overfitting, while the activation function 
layer  uses  the objective  function  to  increase  the nonlinear  expression 
ability of the model. The max-block module is located behind the conv- 
block.  Through  the  down-sampling  operation,  the  size  of  the  input 
feature map is decreased, effectively reducing the amount of data while 
retaining the essential features, thus reducing the amount of calculations 
of the model. Second, it can increase the robustness of the model and 
make it more adaptive to input characteristics. A classifier is a crucial

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: The data for this work are published on Kaggle and are available at <https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/llll00/urbansound8k> and <https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/llll00/birdsdata>.

Reference(s):
[1] Chen, H., Wang, Y., Guo, J., Tao, D., 2023. Vanillanet: the power of minimalism in deep learning. arXiv:2305.12972.
[2] Clark, M.L., Salas, L., Baligar, S., Quinn, C.A., Snyder, R.L., Leland, D., Schackwitz, W., Goetz, S.J., Newsam, S., 2023. The effect of soundscape composition on bird vocalization classification in a citizen science biodiversity monitoring project. Ecol. Inform. 75, 102065 <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2023.102065>.
[3] Ding, X., Zhang, X., Han, J., Ding, G., 2021. Diverse branch block: building a convolution as an inception-like unit arXiv:2103.13425.