Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International 
Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, 
pp. 383–391. 

Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset.

VAE initially draw an instance z from the code distribution pmodel(z). The 
sample is executed via a differentiable generator network g(z). Lastly, x 
undergo sampling from a distribution Pmodel(x; g(z)) = pmodel(x| z). At the 
time of training process, the estimated inference network (or encoder) q 
(z| x)  can  be  employed  for  obtaining  z  and  Pmodel  (x| z)  is  afterward 
considered  as  the  decoder  network  (Dai  et  al.,  2019).  The  main 
perception of VAE is that it can be trained using the maximization of the 
variational lower bound L(q) related to the data point x:

satellite image classification using deep learning approach. In: Machine Learning 
and Data Mining in Aerospace Technology. Springer, Cham, pp. 165–186. 
Li, L., Zhou, Y., Xie, J., 2014. A free search krill herd algorithm for functions 

optimization. Math. Probl. Eng. 2014. 

Li, Y., Chen, R., Zhang, Y., Zhang, M., Chen, L., 2020. Multi-label remote sensing image 
scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural 
network. Remote Sens. 12 (23), 4003. 

Liu, Q., Basu, S., Ganguly, S., Mukhopadhyay, S., DiBiano, R., Karki, M., Nemani, R., 

2020. Deepsat v2: feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image 
classification. Remote Sens. Lett. 11 (2), 156–165. 

Lunga, D., Gerrand, J., Yang, L., Layton, C., Stewart, R., 2020. Apache spark accelerated 
deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics. IEEE J. Select. 
Topics Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 13, 271–283.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

An automated deep learning based satellite imagery analysis for 
ecology management

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to provide the exact code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used for satellite image classification. However, some of the papers mentioned in the context might have shared their source codes or datasets publicly. For example, Li et al. (2020) published a paper titled "Multi-label remote sensing image scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural network" in Remote Sensing journal. They may have made their implementation available online. Similarly, Liu et al. (2020) published another paper titled "Deepsat v2: Feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image classification" in Remote Sensing Letters journal. They also could have shared their codebase with the research community. To find out if these authors have shared any code repositories, one should look up their respective publications and check if they have included links to their implementations. Additionally, searching for relevant keywords such as "Deep Learning Satellite Image Classification Code Repository" on popular platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket might yield useful results.