Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

DIVERSIMAR project (@diversimar). This helped us to understand how 
users expressed themselves in this social network. Although many of the 
tweets turned out to be very specific, it was possible to identify three 
fairly common ways of expressing that something interesting had been 
found. Therefore, we decided to perform the tweet search through the 
API  with  three  different  criteria:  (i)  tweets  in  which  users  ask  “who 
knows” or if “anyone knows” what they have found (query 1), (ii) tweets 
that directly ask “what is this” that they have found (query 2) and (iii) 
tweets  from  users  claiming  to  have  found  something,  with  textual 
expression as “I/we have found” (query 3). Different verb tenses were 
also used in each of the expressions, as well as the use of first person in 
both  singular  and  plural.  In  addition,  the  different  criteria  must  be 
accompanied by one of the following words to ensure that they refer to

In this study we have used the ‘Full-archive search endpoint’ to ac-
cess  the  entire  dataset  published  on  Twitter  from  its  beginning  in 
2006–2007 until the end of 2022. To handle the data in JSON format 
returned  by  the  Twitter  API,  we  used  the  twarc2  library  (https:// 
twarc-project.readthedocs.io/).  This  library  simplifies  the  handling  of 
the quota limits imposed by the Twitter API, as well as the pagination 
resulting from a single query. 

The API works by searching for words, hashtags or combinations of 
both  in  the  text  of  tweets,  much  like  the  Twitter  Advanced  Search 
interface  (https://twitter.com/search-advanced?).  To  find  out  how  to 
run the search, in an initial phase of the study, some public tweets with 
observations  were  provided  by  the  social  media  manager  of  the

demonstrates how the information obtained from social networks can be 
used to a wider variety of marine biodiversity studies than previously 
reported in the literature.

Another  important  aspect  is  that  this  social  network  is  especially 
popular  among  millennials.  Approximately  3  out  of  5  millennials  use 
Twitter, with no apparent gender bias (STATISTA, 2023b). This infor-
mation  on  the  social  profile  of  its  users  is  especially  relevant  if  one 
wishes  to  promote  citizen  science,  since  it  allows  for  the  appropriate 
targeting of campaigns about scientific culture and citizen participation. 
There are several active citizen science projects that encourage sharing 
marine biodiversity observations. These projects promote participation 
through specific campaigns (e.g., Krˇzelj et al., 2020), but once the target 
audience is reached, it is necessary that this person remembers how to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no mention of a deep learning pipeline or any associated code repository links such as those found on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. The context primarily discusses a research project called DIVERSIMAR, which uses Twitter data to analyze user behavior and expression patterns related to marine biodiversity findings. The researchers employed the Full-archive search endpoint of the Twitter API to access historical data and utilized the twarc2 library to manage the returned data in JSON format. However, there is no explicit reference to a deep learning pipeline or any corresponding code repositories within the provided context.