Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)101378Availableonline29July20211574-9541/©2021TheAuthors.PublishedbyElsevierB.V.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCCBY-NC-NDlicense(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).D.-S. Lee et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

species  in  ecosystems  including  artificial  neural  networks  (Park  and 
Chung, 2006), random forest (Lee et al., 2019; Park et al., 2013), and 
maximum entropy modeling (Maxent) (Hirata et al., 2017; Ikegami and 
Jenkins,  2018).  Machine  learning  methods  help  researchers  to  effec-
tively manage complex and nonlinear ecological data as a tool for data 
exploration, prediction of ecological patterns, and pattern recognition 
(Humphries et al., 2018).

modeling. R package. 

Hirata, A., Nakamura, K., Nakao, K., Kominami, Y., Tanaka, N., Ohashi, H., Takano, K.T., 
Takeuchi, W., Matsui, T., 2017. Potential distribution of pine wilt disease under 
future climate change scenarios. PLoS One 12, e0182837. 

Humphries, G.R.W., Magness, D.R., Huettmann, F., (eds), 2018. Machine Learning for 

Ecology and Sustainable Natural Resource Management. Springer, Cham.  

Ikegami, M., Jenkins, T.A., 2018. Estimate global risks of a forest disease under current 
and future climates using species distribution model and simple thermal model–pine 
wilt disease as a model case. For. Ecol. Manag. 409, 343–352. 

Iordache, M.-D., Mantas, V., Baltazar, E., Pauly, K., Lewyckyj, N., 2020. A machine 

learning approach to detecting pine wilt disease using airborne spectral imagery. 
Remote Sens. 12, 2280.

Pine wilt disease (PWD) is one of the most destructive diseases affecting pine trees, and South Korea is one of the 
most severely damaged countries in the world. Based on the information on PWD occurrence and their envi-
ronmental  characteristics  (i.e.,  geographical,  meteorological,  and  land-use)  in  South  Korea,  we  evaluated  the 
conditions  most  conducive  for  PWD  occurrence  and  developed  projection  models  using  machine  learning  al-
gorithms; random forest (RF) and maximum entropy (Maxent). Our results showed that PWD mainly occurred in 
areas like highly urbanized area; low elevations, at close proximity to roads. Also, both RF and Maxent models 
presented high prediction performance for PWD occurrence. Geographical factors (e.g., elevation and distance to 
roads) were major determinants of PWD occurrence and largely contributed to explaining variability and partial

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Predicting potential occurrence of pine wilt disease based on environmental 
factors in South Korea using machine learning algorithms 

Dae-Seong Lee a, Won Il Choi b, Youngwoo Nam c, Young-Seuk Park a, * 
a Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02447, Republic of Korea 
b Division of Forest Ecology, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea 
c Division of Forest Diseases and Insect Pests, National Institute of Forest Science, Dongdaemun, Seoul 02445, Republic of Korea   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest management 
Invasive species 
Random forest model 
Maxent model 
Ensemble model 
Effects of climate change

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any direct mention or discussion about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, some common strategies used to address this issue include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, employing techniques like cross-validation, bootstrapping, or bagging to reduce variance, and utilizing ensemble methods to combine multiple models with different initializations. These approaches can help mitigate the impact of randomness and improve overall model performance and stability.