Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Pacific oysters 
Invasive species 
Convolutional neural networks 
Deep learning 
Drone 
Remote sensing 
Ecological management

As three of our models are based on the YOLO structure, we would 
expect the results to be relatively similar, and the results demonstrate 
the success on small training data quantities compared to larger model 
complexity. Intuitively, it would be expected that a smaller model can 
successfully learn from fewer data to represent less complex problems, 
whereas larger more complex models may require more data to repre-
sent more complexity within the object to detect. The results indicated 
that YOLOv5s, as the smallest model, performs best in terms of preci-
sion. The TPH-YOLOv5, which is an extension of the YOLOv5s model is a 
slightly more complex model, and further pre-training on RPAS specific 
imagery. The results indicated that detection of Pacific oysters does not 
demand  the  complexity  of  the  larger  YOLOv5m  model  and  using  the 
TPH-YOLOv5 model pre-trained with RPAS data, is not beneficial in this 
instance.

detection with region proposal networks. Adv. Neural Inf. Proces. Syst. 28 https:// 
doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1506.01497. 

Ridge, J.T., Gray, P.C., Windle, A.E., Johnston, D.W., 2020. Deep learning for coastal 
resource conservation: automating detection of shellfish reefs. Remote Sens. Ecol. 
Conserv. 6, 431–440. https://doi.org/10.1002/rse2.134. 

Rinde, E., Tjomsland, T., Hjermann, D.Ø., Kempa, M., Norling, P., Kolluru, V.S., 2017. 
Increased spreading potential of the invasive Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas) at its 
northern distribution limit in Europe due to warmer climate. Mar. Freshw. Res. 68, 
252. https://doi.org/10.1071/MF15071. 

Ruesink, J.L., Lenihan, H.S., Trimble, A.C., Heiman, K.W., Micheli, F., Byers, J.E., Kay, M. 
C., 2005. Introduction of non-native oysters: ecosystem effects and restoration 
implications. Annu. Rev. Ecol. Evol. Syst. 36, 643–689. https://doi.org/10.1146/ 
annurev.ecolsys.36.102003.152638.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Drone imagery and deep learning for mapping the density of wild Pacific 
oysters to manage their expansion into protected areas

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide explicit information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, some common practices for deploying deep learning models include model serialization, platform selection, and integration with other systems or applications.

Model serialization involves saving the trained model parameters and architecture in a file format that can be loaded later for prediction or inference. Common formats used for model serialization include.h5,.onnx, and.pb files.

Platform selection refers to choosing the appropriate hardware and software environment for running the deployed model. This could involve selecting cloud-based platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure, or using edge devices such as GPUs or CPUs for local processing.

Integration with other systems or applications involves connecting the deployed model with existing workflows or tools to enable seamless operation. For example, integrating the model with a web application or mobile app allows users to interact with the model through a user interface.

Without additional information, it is difficult to determine the exact steps taken to deploy the trained deep learning model described in the article.