Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The industrialization has been the primary cause of the economic boom in almost all countries. However, this 
happened  at  the  cost  of  the  environment,  as  industrialization  also  caused  carbon emissions  to  increase  expo-
nentially. According to the established literature, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is related to carbon emissions 
(CO2) which could be optimally employed to precisely estimate a country’s GDP. However, the scarcity of data is 
a  significant  bottleneck  that  could  be  handled  using  transfer  learning  (TL)  which  uses  previously  learned  in-
formation to resolve new tasks, more specifically, related tasks. Notably, TL is highly vulnerable to performance 
degradation due to the deficiency of suitable information and hesitancy in decision-making. Therefore, this paper 
proposes ‘Intuitionistic Fuzzy Transfer Learning (IFTL)’, which is trained to use CO2 emission data of developed

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022067S. Kumar et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

prediction from carbon emission data. For the experiments, we start by 
using widely used ELM for the label prediction in the TUR. Later, IFTL 
and FTL are implemented using GRNN and SVR as the TUR model. It 
highlights  that  whenever  training  and  testing  data  (including  labels) 
have  huge  distribution  differences,  then  IFTL  outperformed  FTL  by 
being the most accurate due to the crucial role of hesitancy.

• This provides valuable information for understanding the 
environmental impact of energy consumption and helps in 
formulating effective policies to reduce CO2 emissions. 
• Proposed work assesses the air quality where concentration 

and toxicity levels are modelled using IT2 FSs.  

• Helps to identify contributing components for the resulting air 
quality, which further may enhance decision-making pro-
cesses related to environmental policies and health-related 
issues. 

• This work utilizes acoustic data and deep CNN to identify 

oestrus and non-oestrus sounds of sows.  

• Also, provide ways for monitoring and early warning systems 

on pig farms.  

• Better reproduction capability in sows may upscale the 
economic efficiency and production level of pigs.  

• A sustainable perspective for the pig farming operations. 
• The ecological implications of the proposed work are directly 
associated with the increasing CO2 emissions resulting from 
industrialization.

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)10220613S. Kumar et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Wang, Y., et al., 2022. A lightweight CNN-based model for early warning in sow oestrus 

Yao, C., Feng, K., Hubacek, K., 2015. Driving forces of CO2 emissions in the G20 

sound monitoring. Ecol. Inform. 72, 101863. 

Wu, D., Lawhern, Vernon, J., Gordon, Stephen, Lance, Brent, J., Lin, Chin-Teng, 2016. 

Driver drowsiness estimation from EEG signals using online weighted adaptation 
regularization for regression (OwARR). IEEE Trans. Fuzzy Syst. 25 (6), 1522–1535. 

Xie, L., Deng, Z., Xu, P., Choi, K.-S., Wang, S., 2018. Generalized hidden-mapping 

transductive transfer learning for recognition of epileptic electroencephalogram 
signals. IEEE Trans. Cybernetics 49 (6), 2200–2214.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific platform such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform being used to deploy the deep learning models discussed in the text. Therefore, it cannot be determined which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model based solely on the provided context.