Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

potential of deep learning algorithms in bacterial image recognition of 
environmental samples using these datasets and provide guidelines for 
dataset preparation and training. With the increasing user-friendliness 
of  deep  learning  for  biology  groups  without  much  AI  experience,  we 
found that image annotation equivalent to a few weeks’ work can pro-
vide satisfactory information on bacterial populations within the chips. 
This method is expected to be useful for environmental microbiological 
research  and  analysis  using  imaging  methods,  particularly  on  micro-
fluidic  platforms,  where  the  combination  of  controlled  experimental 
manipulations  and  monitoring  of  processes  with  high  environmental 
realism,  including  chemo-physical  conditions  and  biotic  interactions, 
presents significant potential. 

2. Experimental methods 

2.1. Soil sample acquisition

The three sampling locations exhibit noticeable differences in bac-
terial abundance and morphology, which can be attributed to various 
experimental conditions and strong differences in image quality. These 
data were utilized as a validation set to assess the efficacy of our deep 
learning recognition model in accurately capturing and quantifying such 
differences, thereby demonstrating its proof of concept. The sampling 
sites  were  thus  chosen  to  provide  large  differences  in  environmental 
conditions to demonstrate the versatility of the approach; it should be 
noted that our objective did not encompass a comparison of the effects of 
different experimental conditions on bacterial morphology. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025622H. Zou et al.

makes it possible to obtain a more direct microbial community charac-
terization  and  in  the  future  create  big  databases  on  bacterial 
morphology. Cell morphology is not predictable from molecular data-
sets, and combining morphological data from soil chips with classical 
molecular  biodiversity  datasets  will  enable  a  deeper  functional  inter-
pretation of bacterial communities. We demonstrated the applicability 
of an interdisciplinary approach combining microfluidics and AI in mi-
crobial ecology research using a widely used model, Mask R-CNN. The 
synergy of AI and microfluidics allows biologists to design and fabricate 
complex  micro-structures,  visualize  the  activities  of  migrated  active 
microbes, and analyze characteristics of individual or communities in an 
automated manner. The versatility of the algorithm to adapt to different 
microscopy  settings  including  a  portable  field  microscope  allows  to

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of the specific data repository where the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the exact location of the data repository. However, common repositories for sharing scientific data include Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, and GBIF. It would be best to refer to any associated publications or contact the authors directly for this information.