Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

specific steps are outlined: 

Step 1: Select appropriate water downloading gear and sensors for 
data collection. Pre-processing of the acquired data, such as denoising, 
image enhancement, and correction. In order to train and evaluate un-
derwater target detection models, the dataset needs to be labeled. Then 
separate underwater images collected from the underwater environment 
into training and test images. 

Step 2: Prepare hardware servers capable of training deep learning 
models to deploy the YWnet network. This allows learning weights to 
recognize  underwater  organisms.  Tune  the  hyperparameters  of  the 
model such as learning rate, batch size and network depth to achieve the 
best performance of the model.

Fig. 2. Convolutional block attention module.  

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024014P. Liu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Fig. 4. SAM module.  

Fig. 3. CAM module.

To extract the input information, the SRC3 block employs a parallel 
analysis  of  the  input  feature  map  using  two  convolution  kernels.  In 
contrast to the C3 block, the SRC3 block incorporates two convolution 
kernels prior to the input of the bottleneck block. One of the kernels is 
responsible  for  halving  the  dimension  of  the  feature  map,  while  the 
other  maintains  the  dimension  unchanged.  This  approach  allows  for 
more  comprehensive  processing  of  the  input  features,  enabling  the 
model  to  capture  both  high-level  semantic  information  and  preserve 
relevant details during the feature extraction process. The convolution 
kernel size utilized is 3 × 3, which leads to a broader receptive field of 
information and richer characteristics compared to the 1 × 1 convolu-
tion kernel. The output semantic information can be augmented by the 
action of two convolution kernels. The information output from the first

71.3 
72.4 
74.5 
74.8 
73.7  

leads to an increase of 4.57 M and 12.9 G in parameters and computing 
power,  respectively.  The  decoupled  head  is  selected  as  the  detection 
head, which can locate and classify the underwater target position more 
accurately. The increase in parameters and computing power is 1.7 M 
and 0.5 G, respectively, and the increase in mAp and mAp50–95 is 0.4% 
and 1.1%, respectively. 

4.9. Comparison of different networks 

The URPC dataset is the source of the dataset studied in this paper. 
To evaluate the effectiveness of the algorithm designed in this paper, 
YWnet is compared with other advanced algorithms. Centernet (Duan 
et  al.,  2019),  Efficientdet  (Tan  et  al.,  2020),  FasterRCNN  (Ren  et  al., 
2017),  Retinanet  (Lin  et  al.,  2017),  SSD  (Liu  et  al.,  2016),  YOLOv4 
(Bochkovskiy et al., 2020), YOLOv7 (Wang et al., 2021), and YOLOx (Ge 
et al., 2021) are selected for the experiments.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide specific information about the platform used to deploy the deep learning model. It only mentions that hardware servers were prepared to train and deploy the YWnet network. Therefore, I cannot determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model based on the provided context.