Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.3.1. ANNs and Multi-Layer Perceptron 

ANNs  are  a  class  of  powerful  ML  tools  that  can  be  used  to  solve 
classification  and  regression  problems.  ANNs  can  be  distinguished  in 
two  types  of  architectures,  depending  on  the  types  of  connection  be-
tween neurons. In the feedback architectures, the presence of connec-
tions  between  neurons  of  the  same  layer  or  between  neurons  of  the 
previous  layer  realizes  a  feedback  connection.  In  the  feedforward  ar-
chitectures, the connections between the neurons do not allow feedback 
between layers, and the signal is transmitted only to the neurons of the 
next layer.

A  widely  used  feedforward  ANN  is  the  Multi-Layer  Perceptron 
(MLP), constituted by one input layer, one or more hidden layers, and a 
layer of output neurons. The neurons are connected to the ones of the 
next layer with a certain weight and, in each neuron, the weighted sum 
of input variables is transformed into an output value through an acti-
vation function, defined as: 

Y = ψ

( ∑

)
wi*xi + b

where wi is the weight, xi is the neuron input, b is the neuron bias, and ψ 
is the activation function.

models were calibrated under regulated deficit irrigation (RDI) conditions to estimate ETa  and save irrigation 
water. On average up to 38.5% water savings were obtained, compared to full irrigation. Moreover, among the 
different input variables adopted, the soil water content (SWC) feature appears to have a prominent role in the 
prediction of ETa. Indeed, the presented results show that by choosing the appropriate input features, the ac-
curacy  of  the  proposed  machine  learning  models  remains  acceptable  even  when  the  number  of  features  is 
reduced to only 4. The best performance was achieved by the Random Forest method, with seven input features, 
obtaining a root mean square error (RMSE) and a coefficient of determination (R2) of 0.39 mm/day and 0.84, 
respectively. Finally, the results show that the joint use of SWC, weather and satellite data significantly improves

Overall, the complete dataset has a length of 1430 days and contains 
12 features (U2,Rs,RHmin,RHmax,Tmin,Tmax,ETo,SWC, NDVI, NDWI, DOY, 

The  available  database  includes  weather  data  recorded  by  the 
weather station from January 2018 to November 2021, as well as the 
micro-meteorological data acquired by the EC tower from March 2019 
to  November  2021,  in  both  cases  registered  at  sub-hourly  time-steps. 
The  former  dataset  was  used  to  estimate  ETo,  by  Eq.  (3).  The  latter 
dataset  was  processed, using  a  specific  software  developed  by  Manca 
(2003),  excluding  all  the  records  acquired  in  days  where  the  rainfall 
height was higher than 2.5 mm. The suitability of the records acquired 
by  the  EC  tower  was  assessed  based  on  the  energy  balance  closure 

Table 3 
Variables used in the analysis and number of records available in the investi-
gated years.     

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Instruments 

Variable 

Units

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it does not provide information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response to this query.