Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 5. Overview of the data platform.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027137(a)(b)(c)C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 1 
Summary of data sources.  

Source 

Monitoring network 
Satellite images 
Weather 
Environment 

Provider 

CASE 
ESA 
ARPAE 
CER 

Frequency 

Weekly 
2–3 days 
Daily 
Yearly 

Granularity 

Monitoring task 
100 km2 granule 
25 km2 cell 
Environmental element 

Yearly size 

5.2 MB 
370 GB 
6.5 GB 
4.3 GB  

The validated data is then loaded to the Access tier through an in-
cremental  ETL (extract, transform, and load) procedure acquiring the 
validated data from the Harbor tier. 

3.2.4. Analytical fruition

A.1. The Raw tier 

The Raw tier hosts the data lake (Stein and Morrison, 2014), i.e., a storage repository that holds a vast amount of raw data in its native format, 
including structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. The data lake is used to store all the data coming from external sources in their raw 
format and to host the enrichment activities required before their integration. The Raw tier is composed of the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) 
(used to store the raw and enriched files), the distributed database Apache HBase (used to store the data extracted from weather files), and the 
PostgreSQL RDBMS (used to store data collected from CASE).

Fig. A.18. Relational schema of the data managed by CASE.

The results of these integration and enrichment activities are mate-
rialized in the Harbor tier of the data platform, which provides an in-
tegrated and comprehensive view of the available data at the finest level 
of detail. The relational schema of the integrated data is discussed in 
Appendix A.2. 

3.2.3. Validation and loading of enriched H. halys captures

The relational schema of CASE’s database is shown in Fig. A.18. CASE is based on a concept of Task, i.e., a questionnaire that must be fulfilled by a 
User (i.e., an on-field operator). Each task is composed by a set of Questions, categorized in different types (e.g., multiple answers, date picker) each 
composed by a set of predefined Answers (one of which could be an open answer, defined by the user when selecting the Given answer). The 
dynamic aspect of CASE’s questionnaires lies in the association of each possible answer with a different one to be shown next. Thus, users fulfilling the 
same task may follow different paths of questions depending on the given answers. This enables a customized and efficient user experience, as detailed 
questions on a given topic may be asked only if such a topic has been mentioned by the user. Instances of tasks (i.e., Task on geo-object) are

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: The deep learning pipeline utilizes various methods for collecting raw data. These include monitoring networks, satellite images, weather data, and environmental elements. Monitoring networks provide weekly data with a granularity of monitoring tasks over 100 km^2 granules. Satellite images offer data every 2-3 days with a granularity of 25 km^2 cells. Weather data is collected daily, focusing on specific environmental elements. Lastly, environmental elements are monitored yearly. The providers for these data sources are CASE, ESA, ARPAE, and CER respectively. The raw data is stored in the Raw tier using the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), Apache HBase, and PostgreSQL RDBMS.