Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

C (GDM, 2022). 

◦

Agricultural activities are intense, and agricultural areas are inter-
twined with forest areas in Mu˘gla province. Because the site is one of the 
most popular tourist regions of Türkiye, the population is dense, and the 
transportation network is extensive. The most prevalent tree species in 
the Mu˘gla RDF is the Pinus brutia Ten., one of the most vulnerable spe-
cies  to  fire.  There  is  also  a  dense  understory  and  much  litter  in  the 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024612F. Sivrikaya et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Fig. 1. The study area in Mu˘gla, Türkiye; forest and non-forest areas, and the months of fire ignition points.

The Mu˘gla RDF, one of the 30 RDFs in Türkiye, was chosen as the 
◦
46′47′′ E longitude 
study area. It is located between 26
◦
07′36′′ N latitude (cf. Fig. 1). It is surrounded by 
and 36
˙
the 
Izmir RDF in the north, the Denizli and Antalya RDFs in the east, the 
Mediterranean Sea in the south, and the Aegean Sea in the west. The 
Mu˘gla RDF has 1,155,914 ha of forested area; 65% of this forest area is 
productive, but the remaining 35% is substantially degraded. The Pinus 
brutia  Ten.,  Pinus  pinea  L.,  Pinus  nigra  Arnold,  Cedrus  libani  A.  Rich., 
Eucalyptus camaldulensis Dehn., Liquidambar orientalis Mill., and Quercus 
spp. are the most common tree species in the Mu˘gla RDF. Summers are 
hot  and  dry  in  the  study  region,  which  has  a  Mediterranean  climate, 
while winters are moderate and wet. The region is also mountainous, 
and the Mediterranean climate gives way to a continental climate as one

Vegetation Index 

Formula 

Reference 

NBR 
NBRT 
NDVI 
NDWI 

(NIR-SWIR2)/(NIR + SWIR2) 
(NIR-SWIR2*T)/(NIR + SWIR2*T) 
(NIR-Red)/(NIR + Red) 
(NIR-SWIR1)/(NIR + SWIR1) 

García and Caselles, 1991 
Smith et al., 2007 
Tucker, 1979 
Gao, 1996 

NIR, near-infrared; SWIR, shortwave-infrared.

tation indices. Fig. 3 displays the study's flowchart.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in the study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.