Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

LeCun,  Y.,  Bottou,  L.,  Bengio,  Y.  & 
Haffner,  P.  1998.  Gradient-based 
learning 
document 
recognition.  Proc.  IEEE  6  (11),  227-
2324. 

applied 

to 

Loffe,  S.  &  Szegedy,  C,  2015.  Batch 
Nomalization: 
deep 
network training by reducing internal 
covariate 
preprint: 
1502.03167. 

accelerating 

arXiv 

shift. 

Purohit  S.,  Viroja  R.  &  Gandhi  S.  2016. 
Automatic  plant  species  recognition 
learning 
technique  using  machine 
approaches. 
International 
IEEE 
Conference on Computing & Network 
Communications. 

Sermanet,  P.,  Eigen,  D.,  Zhang,  X., 
Mathieu, M., Fergus, R. & LeCun, Y., 
Intergrated 
2014. 
recognition, 
and 
Detection 
convolution 
using 
networks. In: International conference 
on learning Representations. 

Localization 

Overfeat: 

Simonyan, K. & Zisserman, A., 2014. Very 
for 
deep  convolutional  networks 

103

In  this  work,  a  combined  architecture  is 
proposed  where  by  the  CNN  layer  is 
embedded with the long short-term (LSTM) 
memory  layer  to  pass  those  significant 
features extracted in the initial layers to the 
deeper layers of the network. This supports 
effective  aggregation  of  feature  maps  for 
precise classification and ultimately accurate 
recognition.

structural  elements  i.e.,  number  of  artificial 
neurons  which  is  far  better  compared  to 
traditional  feedforward  neural  networks. 
Figure 3 shows the structure of CNN that can 
be  used  in  many  applications.  For  image 
recognition  applications,  several  baseline 
architectures of CNNs have been developed, 
which  have  been  successfully  applied  to 
complicated  tasks  of  visual  imagery.  The 
common CNN architectures that are largely 
used in image data recognition includes: (i) 
AlexNet  (Krizhevsky  et  al.  2012),  (ii) 
PredNet (Banzi et al. 2019), (iii) GoogLeNet 
(Szegedy  et  al.  2015), 
(iv)  Overfeat 
(Sermanet  et  al.  2014),  and  (v)  VGG 
(Simonyan  et  al.  2014).  These  models  and 
their training and testing processes, are freely 
available for transfer learning purpose.  

Figure 3: The Structure Convolutional Neural Network. 

96

propagation  of  the  tensors  along  the  skip 
connections.  The  proposed  network  learnt 
around 100K parameters to  detect  the type 
of leaf image and if it belongs to  a  certain 
class,  which  is  comparatively  less  than  the 
existing  deep  learning  approaches  reported 
in  the  literature.  Because  of  this  least 
number  of  parameters,  we  performed  data 
augmentation to allow for in deep features to 
be  extracted  and 
to 
accurately  identify  the  classes.  We  also 
performed  benchmark  experiment  with  the 
three  state-of-the-art  approaches  of  plant 
species  recognition.  The  empirical  results 
indicate that the proposed CNN-LSTM was 
able to  classify the particular class  of each 
image  with  an  accuracy  of  95%  far  better 
than all the three combatants. This indicates 
that the proposed system could be expanded 
to  support  an  integrated  plant  species 
identification  system  to  operate  in  real 
ecosystem services.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses various aspects related to deep learning, including the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks for image recognition tasks. It mentions the integration of CNN and LSTM layers to effectively aggregate feature maps for precise classification and accurate recognition. Additionally, it lists some common CNN architectures like AlexNet, PredNet, GoogLeNet, Overfeat, and VGG, which have been widely used for image data recognition tasks. Unfortunately, without explicit details regarding the data annotation methods employed within these pipelines, it is impossible to determine the exact techniques utilized.