Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In general, the limitations of deep learning in comparison to other machine learning methods
are the requirement of large and high-quality training data, as well as hardware limitations related to
GPU computing power. The most notable advantage of deep learning is the grade of automatization
and a high potential to generalize when using large amounts of representative training data, which
might, however, not always be available; especially with respect to ground-truth labels that might be
scarce or not exist at all.. Furthermore, the black-box nature makes these algorithms a good choice for
classiﬁcation as suggested in this study, but a challenge for modeling physical properties, as is often
the case in forestry. This case study relied on high-resolution orthophotos with 20-cm spatial resolution
obtained from an aerial survey. The great advantage of these data is that many details can be detected.

As stated in the Introduction, there exist many different CNNs for different applications, and it is
important to ﬁnd the appropriate solution for a speciﬁc task. Retraining existing powerful architectures
such as VGG19 [27], ResNet, or Inception Net to solve other problems by transfer learning is one
approach that is often used. However, this was not an option in our four-band setting and very
particular segmentation task with features that might differ signiﬁcantly from features learned by
networks trained on common image datasets such as ImageNet. Thus, we opted to implement a U-Net
architecture, which is a particular implementation of a CNN ﬁrst developed by Ronneberger [19] for
biomedical image segmentation. One major advantage of CNNs is the ability to extract spatial features
and to detect patterns independently of their position on the input image. The U-Net architecture is

Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1976

8 of 14

2.6. Comparison to a Support Vector Machine Classiﬁer and a Random Forest Algorithm

To better understand the performance of the CNN, comparisons with pixel-wise classiﬁcations
based on an SVM and an RF classiﬁer were carried out using the 4 spectral bands of the orthophotos
(see Section 2.1) as predictors. Due to computational reasons, it was not possible to utilize the entire
original training dataset (as used for the CNN) for the SVM and the RF classiﬁer. Thus, we used a
subsample of 10,000 randomly-selected pixels for the training phase of both classiﬁers. These pixels
were representative for the data space. Note that both classiﬁers used a pixel-based approach while the
CNN was extracting features and thus considered the spatial correlation between neighboring pixels.
For the SVM classiﬁer, the radial basis function kernel (RBF) was applied. The RF classiﬁer was run
with a maximum tree depth of 5 and 100 estimators (i.e., decision trees).

2.5.1. Encoding Path

The encoding path of our network was composed of three encoding blocks; each block was
composed of a convolutional layer with a ﬁlter of size (3, 3) and a ReLU activation function [32] ,
a dropout layer to force each neuron to learn more than only one feature, a second convolutional layer
followed by ReLU activation, and a max pooling layer with the size (2,2), which replaced each 2 × 2
region on the feature map by the region’s maximum value and thus decreased the size of the feature
map by keeping only the highest values.

2.5.2. Decoding Path

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this context is segmentation. Specifically, the authors implemented a U-Net architecture, which is a type of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) designed for biomedical image segmentation. The goal of the U-Net architecture is to perform pixel-level semantic segmentation, where each pixel in an image is classified into a specific category. In this case, the U-Net architecture was used to segment high-resolution orthophotos obtained from an aerial survey. The U-Net architecture consists of two main paths: an encoding path and a decoding path. The encoding path is responsible for capturing the contextual information in the images, while the decoding path is responsible for precise localization of objects within the images. Together, these paths enable the U-Net architecture to accurately segment objects within complex scenes.