Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

where t and h represent temperature and humidity resp. 
b.Modification  of  the  update  criterion  and  application  of  ma-
chine learning: We will seek to improve our model by modifying the 
update  criterion,  maintaining  stochasticity  but  making  it  differen-
tiable. This will allow us to take advantage of machine-learning tools 
and turn our model into an intelligent cellular automaton. 
c.Optimising  the  scope:  We  will  make  changes  in  the  partitions 
used to increase the number of cells exposed in each iteration. This 
will become another adjustable parameter to improve the accuracy 
and efficiency of the model. 
d.Strategies of variance-reduction: As previously mentioned, the 
estimator  given  by  Eq.  6  may  not  have  the  minimum  variance. 
Therefore, it opens the possibility to investigate and develop new and 
more sophisticated estimators by using variance reduction strategies 
such as the importance sampling, stratified sampling, Quasi-Monte

4.2198  

model that we address in Section 6. 

After discussing the interdependency and range parameters can take, 
our aim now is to justify why E is a reliable measure to anticipate the rate 
of expansion and therefore to establish a hierarchy and a direct search 
for the optimal parameters. When we want to conclude the impact of 
parameters  on  the  expected  rate  of  expansion,  the  study  cannot  be 
limited to specific data from a particular phenomenon, since there is a 
great variety of climatic conditions and potential wind-driven events. 
This could introduce a bias into our study so, the best way for conducting 
the aforementioned study is to simulate climatic data by means of 

θ ∼ Unif (0, 2 π) and ρ ∼ Unif (0, 1).

First of all, we set an arbitrary partition 

P := {0, 0.1, 0.5, 0.9, 1}

P := {0, 0.1, 0.5, 0.9, 1}

and check whether those parameter combinations with higher expected 
marginal infection are the ones that give rise to a higher expansion rate. 
In  Fig.  2,  you can  see  the  surface  generated  by  calculating  E  over  its 
parameters C, p0. 

Thus, in Fig. 3, we can see how those parameter combinations with 
higher E in Tables 2 and 3 have a higher rate of expansion which leads us 
to think that there is an important connection between E and the spread 
rate. 

However, this is not enough to complete the study. To validate this 
assumption, we calculate the Pearson correlation between E and the 
average spread rate dk, given by 

dk =

S0 (cid:0) Sk
k

,

k⩾ 1  

where Sk  refers to the number of susceptibles cells at generation k, see 
Fig. 4. This allows us to investigate whether a linear relationship exists 
between the two measures or not. 

Remark 3.1. The parameters used to carry out the correlation study 
are

Another  important  aspect  to  address  is  the  range  of  values  these 
parameters  can  take.  Regarding  the  partitions,  the  values  should  be 
determined  based  on  the  wind  intensity  which  depends  on  the  envi-
ronmental phenomenon and its location. Sometimes, there is not enough 
knowledge of this influence, so we consider it an adjustable parameter. 
For C and p0, we can use the specific information of the phenomenon. As 
an example, it is well-known that high temperatures and low humidity 
favour a quick expansion of forest fires (Ganteaume et al., 2013; Pitts, 
1991; Viegas, 2004). This could lead to determine a low loss value C and 
a high p0  value  in such cases. Therefore, these values may  vary even 
within  the  same  phenomenon  if  the  environmental  conditions  are 
significantly different. This is a potential aspect for improvement in our

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not discuss any data augmentation techniques applied in a deep learning pipeline. Data augmentation techniques like flipping, rotating, scaling, etc., are commonly used in image processing tasks within deep learning pipelines to artificially expand the dataset size and prevent overfitting. However, the context focuses on improving a model by modifying the update criterion, optimizing the scope, applying machine learning tools, and implementing variance-reduction strategies. It also mentions simulating climatic data using uniform distributions for angle and radius. Unfortunately, without additional context, I am unable to provide details about the specific data augmentation techniques applied in this case.