Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

For  the  RI  models  the  same  initial  parameters  were  set  for  the 
analysis of the CS and NW datasets, then a grid search was performed 
on both datasets with a two-part split to give hyperparameters with the 
highest level of accuracy. These were as following: learning rate 0.05 
and maximum tree depth of 4 for both the CS and the NW models. The 
early stopping technique was used to determine when to stop the model 
training  to  avoid  overfitting.  Using  early  stopping  the  number  of 
iterations required until convergence was 120 for CS and 106 for NW. 
Grid search was not required for a three-part splits, and further tuning 
of the parameters was done manually. 

For the RY models, in contrast to the RI models, the best performing 
models (based on MSE) were models with a slow learning rate of 0.005. 
Additionally, the NW model had a very shallow tree (tree depth of 2). 
The number of iterations was kept at 500.

2.4.2.  Hyperparameters 

Hyperparameter tuning was done manually. As a starting point the 
learning rate was set as low as possible and the number of iterations as 
high as computationally feasible (Hastie et al., 2009). The learning rate, 
which is also called a shrinkage parameter, determines the contribution 
of each tree to the model. The maximum tree depth which reflects the 
degree of interaction in the model is usually low. GBRT performs best 
using fairly shallow trees, so-called tree stumps.

C) 

ICES Herring Assessment Working Group (HAWG) report 2015; Table 4.6.2.4 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2015; Table 5.6.12 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2014; Table 4.6.2.13 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2015; Table 5.6.14  

ICES HAWG report 2014; Table 4.6.2.13 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2014; Table 4.6.2.14  

∘ 
x 2

∘ 
Reynolds Historical Reconstructed SST (2
resolution) as derived from the 
Reynolds Optimally Interpolated SST (from the Advanced Very High Resolution 
Radiometer, AVHRR) and in-situ observations, available from the NASA Jet 
Propulsion Laboratory (extracted through Hydrax/OpenDAP server), provided 
by Reynolds, National Climatic Data Center 
MET Office Hadley Centre EN4 quality controlled ocean data version: EN.4.2.1. 

https://www.esrl.noaa.gov 

https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/ 
hadobs/en4/download-en4-2-1. 
html 

sal CS,NW 

Salinity 5 m (PSU) 

Month 

Month, included to account for a month 
of capture

between the response and explanatory variables is not specified, instead 
a learning algorithm is used to find patterns in the data. Due to these 
flexible properties, GBRT were selected as a suitable method for iden-
tifying  potential  drivers  of  changes  in  growth  across  the  two  herring 
populations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the deep learning pipeline uses non-image or non-audio data formats such as CSV files containing numerical values. This can be inferred from the use of Gradient Boosting Regression Trees (GBRT) as the machine learning method, which typically works well with structured tabular data like CSV files. Additionally, the mention of salinity measurements, sea surface temperature (SST), and other environmental factors suggests that the input features are likely numeric rather than images, videos, or audio files. However, without explicit confirmation, we cannot definitively state the exact format of the data being used in the deep learning pipeline.