Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mapping probability samples that are exclusively used for map evalua-
tion are often not available and therefore alternative methods have been 
proposed.  In  machine  learning,  if  data  are  abundant,  a  common 
approach is to randomly divide the full dataset used for modelling into 
three parts: a training set, a validation set, and a test set (Hastie et al., 
2009,  Chapter  7).  The  training  set  is  used  for  fitting  the  models,  the 
validation set is used to estimate prediction error for model selection and 
hyperparameter tuning, while the test set is used for assessing the ac-
curacy of the final model. This paper addresses this latter testing phase, 
with the specific aim to assess the accuracy of a thematic map produced 
by a calibrated statistical prediction method. Data availability is often 
limited  so that setting  aside a  test set  cannot always be afforded and 
therefore resampling methods are used (Hastie et al., 2009; Steele et al.,

prediction and training points.

Cosine of slope aspect 
Sine of slope aspect 
Slope 
Topographic position index 
Terrain ruggedness index 
Topographic wetness index 
Forest height 
X coordinate 
Y coordinate 
Distance from coast 
Spatial configuration of observed AGB 
pixels in central Africa 

Computed with the terra package from elevation 

Note 

Computed @25 m resolution; next 
aggregated to 0.5 km 

Computed with SAGA from 500 m resolution (aggregated) dem  
https://glad.umd.edu/dataset/gedi 
Using a mask created from the other covariates  

Zone: NAFR 

Using a land mask created from the other covariates  
doi:https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.11865450  

A compiled version of  the datasets used in  this paper can  be downloaded from: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6513429. The analysis  scripts are  available at: 
https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6514923. 

References 

Avitabile, V., Camia, A., 2018. An assessment of forest biomass maps in Europe using

Fig.  3  shows  example  maps  of  AGB  predictions  made  by  random 
forest  models  trained  on  samples  as  per  four  of  the  five  designs 
compared in this study. At first sight, the maps (a-c) are very similar to 
the proxy of exhaustive ground truth provided in Fig. 1(a) but closer 
inspection reveals some dissimilarities. Perhaps the most apparent dif-
ference is a reduction of the largest AGB values along Europe’s mountain 
ranges in Fig. 3(c). The latter map shows predictions based on a strongly 
clustered  sample  whose  locations  are  shown  in  Fig.  2(f).  It  can  be 
observed that this sample had few sampling sites in the high biomass 
areas, which may partly explain the observed tendency. The predictions 
in Fig. 3(d) differ considerably from those in Fig. 3(a-c). These are based 
on the strongly clustered, gapped sample shown in Fig. 2(h) which fails 
to cover the major part of the study area including the regions with large

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Therefore, I am unable to provide an accurate response to the query.