Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

However,  the  rise  of  cheap  and  powerful  sensors  has  created  an 
ever-increasing data glut.  To be effective, these new tools must be 
coupled  with  new  automated  approaches  to  processing  and 
analyzing wildlife data streams. 

Here we describe examples of how we are leveraging advances in 
the areas of big data and deep learning to help researchers extract 
meaningful  information  from  the  torrent  of  new  sensor  data,  and 
improve the adaptive management of natural systems. 

4. DEEP LEARNING FOR 

BIODIVERSITY  
4.1.Big data infrastructure

!
 
The specific subfield of ML that we have invested in is known as 
Deep  Learning  (DL)  [31].  DL  is  a  quickly  growing  and  vibrant 
field;  here  we  summarize  our  use  of  DL  and  postulate  how 
biodiversity monitoring can be improved using various properties 
of DL algorithms.

analysts.  Second,  using  machine  learning  (ML)  techniques,  such 
as  deep  learning  (DL),  we  progressively  train  computational 
models  to  detect  and  classify  events  of  interest,  and  reduce  the 
amount of wildlife data reviewed by human analysts by orders of 
magnitude.

4.2.Data analysis

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide explicit details on the techniques used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of deep learning for biodiversity monitoring and improving adaptive management of natural systems through analyzing large amounts of sensor data. In general, common techniques used to address data bias include stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, and diverse data collection. These methods aim to balance classes or ensure representation of all relevant categories within the dataset, which can improve model performance and mitigate potential biases.