Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1021277M. Jung

curate,  less  biased  representations  of  a  species  niche  while  also 
accounting for some of the biases that plague biodiversity datasets.

are not enough data available to reliably fit every type of model, espe-
cially  given  the  demanding  nature  of  some  machine  learning  ap-
proaches,  and  computation  time  can  be  a  considerable  limitation  as 
well, such as for more demanding Bayesian models. The package will 
raise warnings and highlighted messages in case the provided informa-
tion is not sufficient for inferring a species distribution.

Fig. 1. Schematic and typical workflow of the ibis.iSDM package, where biodiversity and covariates datasets and combined with a series of auxiliary or optional 
modules.  Through  the  use  of  different  engines,  response  functions  towards  certain  covariates  and  species  distributions  can  be  inferred.  Each  individual  entry 
(hexagon) has its own function and stores internal data that can be accessed in a modular way. Many of the function have multiple variants (indicated by the {*}) 
allowing different data or parameter types to be added. A full list of all functions and examples can be found online (https://iiasa.github.io/ibis.iSDM/) and example 
code can be found in SI Fig. 1. Icons are created by the authors or are under public domain (CC-0).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific data repositories like Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF related to the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that additional resources, including code examples, can be found on the IIASA GitHub page (<https://iiasa.github.io/ibis.iSDM/>), which might contain further links to relevant data repositories. To find the exact data repository link for the deep learning pipeline, one would need to visit the mentioned website or consult other sources.