Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Cross-validation is an iterative method for calculating the expected
value of a particular measure. It splits the dataset into K equally-sized
parts that are called folds. In each iteration, diﬀerent (K − 1)-folds are
used for training and the remaining fold for testing. The overall mea-
sure of its performance is the average of the measures of the individual
iterations. The above method guarantees that every instance will be
used both for training and testing. There is an alternative of cross-va-
lidation method called stratiﬁed cross-validation, where in each fold a
balanced number of instances for each class is selected. For our ex-
perimentation, we used stratiﬁed cross-validation with K = 10 folds.

4. Experiments

In this section, we perform two experiments. First, we are trying to
predict the existence of seagrass, and then its family. We are also in-
terested on which variables aﬀecting those predictions most.

4.1. Detecting seagrass

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

explicit or expanded database is being used.

tion aims to choose features by recursively considering fewer and fewer
arrangements of features. To start with, the estimator is trained on the
underlying arrangement of features and the signiﬁcance of each feature
is acquired through some property. At that point, the less critical fea-
tures are pruned from the current arrangement of features. This method
is recursively rehashed on the pruned set until the coveted number of
features to choose is reached.

1116
598
598
582
597
597
1357
825

By determining which variables are most important we can simplify
the analysis of a dataset, better understand the physical concepts of it,
and exclude the ones that confuse the model achieving better accuracy
and learning/testing speed.

There exist several ways to determine variable importance, e.g.
Decision Trees, Random Forests, Chi-square, and Regression. We deal
with tree-based variable importance, like (Arthur et al., 2010) did. It

63.01%
33.76%
33.76%
32.86%
33.71%
33.71%
76.62%
46.58%

162

D. Eﬀrosynidis et al.

Ecological Informatics 48 (2018) 158–170

Fig. 4. Presence (green) and absence (red) points of seagrass in Mediterranean (above) and Sicily (below).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any specific data augmentation techniques applied in a deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotation, scaling, etc. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context.