Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

networks  experienced  overfitting,  failing  to  generalize  effectively. 
Several  data  augmentation  techniques  were  employed  to  address  this 
issue.  Data  augmentation  expands  a  dataset  by  applying  trans-
formations, such as flipping, translation, and shear, to the existing data 
(Shorten and Khoshgoftaar, 2019). Data augmentation helps maintain 
dataset balance, reduce overfitting, and improve the generalization of 
deep learning models (Mungloo-Dilmohamud et al., 2022). In this study, 
horizontal and vertical translations were done within a range of (cid:0) 30 to 
30 pixels, allowing random shifts. Shear distortion was applied within a 
range of (cid:0) 5 to 5, representing maximum distortion to the left and right. 
Table 3 details the transformations used for data augmentation on the 
selected  dataset.  After  augmentation,  the  training  dataset  size  was 
increased from 11,788 to 40,000 images. After the data augmentation,

Yang, L., Shami, A., 2020. On hyperparameter optimization of machine learning 

algorithms: theory and practice. Neurocomputing 415, 295–316. 

Shorten, C., Khoshgoftaar, T.M., 2019. A survey on image data augmentation for deep 

Yang, C.-L., Harjoseputro, Y., Hu, Y.-C., Chen, Y.-Y., 2022a. An improved transfer- 

learning. J. Big Data 6 (1), 1–48. 

Sitepu, A.C., Liu, C.-M., Sigiro, M., Panjaitan, J., Copa, V., 2022. A convolutional neural 
network bird’s classification using north american bird images. J. Health Sci. 6 (S2), 
15067–15080. 

Snoek, J., Rippel, O., Swersky, K., Kiros, R., Satish, N., Sundaram, N., Patwary, M., 

Prabhat, M., Adams, R., 2015. Scalable bayesian optimization using deep neural 
networks. In: International Conference On Machine Learning. PMLR, pp. 2171–2180. 

learning for image-based species classification of protected indonesians birds. CMC 
Comp. Mater. Continua 73 (3), 4577–4593.

The  average  accuracy  of  pre-trained  models  was  assessed  across 
three train test partitions, i.e., 60:40,80:20, and 90:20 before and after 
augmentation, as illustrated in Table 11. The result showed significant 
improvement in accuracy after augmentation. EfficientNetB0 achieved 
the highest accuracy of 96.25%, respectively. These results demonstrate 
the substantial impact of data augmentation on model performance. 

The performance of the pre-trained models employed in the present 
study was compared to other existing methods shows that (Wei et al., 
2018),  (Kondaveeti  et  al.,  2023;  Kumar  et  al.,  2022a;  Kumar  and 

Table 11 
The average performance metrics of pre trained models were calculated from 
three  partitioned  tests  conducted  before  data  augmentation  and  after  data 
augmentation.  

Model name 

Accuracy 

Before data augmentation 

After data augmentation

To evaluate different CNN architectures, the dataset is randomly split 
into two sets: training and validation sets. The training set is  used to 
train the models, while the validation set is used to evaluate the model's 
performance on unseen data. Then, the input images are resized to 224 
× 224 × 3 and 299 × 299 × 3 dimensions for both datasets as per the 
requirements.  In  this  study,  the  performance  evaluation  included  the 
application  of  in-place  image  augmentation.  The  models  underwent 
training for a total of 30 epochs, utilizing categorical cross-entropy as 
the chosen loss function. Notably, as part of the experimental setup, the 
original classifier was substituted with a customized classifier, allowing 
for specific modifications and adjustments tailored to the objectives of 
the study. This customization aimed to enhance the performance of the 
models and optimize their ability to accurately classify bird species. 

3.2. Performance metrics

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In this study, several data augmentation techniques were employed to address the issue of overfitting and improve the generalization of deep learning models. The data augmentation techniques applied include horizontal and vertical translations, which were performed within a range of 30 to 30 pixels, allowing random shifts. Additionally, shear distortion was applied within a range of 5 to 5, representing maximum distortion to the left and right. However, it should be noted that the exact types of data augmentation techniques used may vary depending on the specific requirements of the study or application.