Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Once submitted, data package descriptions and data ﬁles are
manually reviewed for completeness and accuracy as part of the pro-
ject's archival approval processes. After approval, data packages with
appropriate citation information are made available via the web portal
to data consumers who are assigned access privileges.

3.3.2. Data ﬁle descriptions (ﬁle submission metadata and data column
description)

For each data ﬁle submitted, data originators report the following
metadata in the MS Excel template “File Submission Metadata:” 1) Tree
ID or other Location ID if applicable, 2) time period of the data and
timestamp details (e.g., time zone and whether the timestamp is at the

and 4) other ancillary metadata needed to deﬁne and hold the package
Standards)
(OAIS/ISO (International Organization for
together
14721:2012). Some data repositories provide tools for data originators
to prepare and submit a Submission Information Package (hence referred
to as “data package”) containing content data and all the metadata, and
for data consumers to download a Dissemination Information Package
containing citation information in addition to the content data and
metadata.

(entered with data submission)

K

Site / Plot
(on-line templates curated by Data Team)
List of sites / plots with descriptions & contacts.

K

  Site_ID / Plot_ID defined by location

Associated files (e.g., manuals, protocols) 
are referenced in E-Field_Log & 
File_Submission_Metadata templates.

Raw or processed data files 

D
        Data_File(s)
Sample-based data includes Sample_ID

Tree
List of all trees that are measured.

K

  Site_ID or Plot_ID
  Tree_ID assigned with species and size
  information reported

Tree_ID

K

Locations
List of locations for trees, towers, soil pits, etc.

K

  Site_ID or Plot_ID
Location_ID
  Location_ID described by xyz-coordinates

K

Equipment
List of all instruments (sensors & loggers).

Sensor_ID, model, type, manual, contact
         associated with Sensor_FieldName

K

E-Field_Log

M

Data File Description

Field_Event_Log
List of field events including installation, 
calibration, repairs, suspicious data, etc.

For the NGEE Tropics project, data are archived using the project's
data repository NGEE Tropics Archive, which allows users to upload
and access data packages. Currently, data originators can create, save,
edit, and submit draft data packages via a web portal (Appendix E).
Data originators provide descriptive metadata about the data package
in a web form and can upload a single data ﬁle of any type (zipped ﬁle
types allow for upload of multiple ﬁles). The web form enables data
originators to reuse certain information, such as ﬁeld site and plot in-
formation and person (name, email, institution) information to mini-
mize inconsistent or erroneous data entry. For example, data origina-
tors only have to select the site name/ID for all related site information
to be auto-populated, including spatial coordinates (numerically and
via google maps), PI (principal investigator) information, and general
site descriptions.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not mention anything specific about a deep learning pipeline or its corresponding data repository link. However, it mentions that the NGEE Tropics project uses the NGEE Tropics Archive as their data repository. Therefore, without further context, we cannot determine the exact data repository link for the deep learning pipeline.