Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.  According to the cloud architecture, GEE is a SaaS (Software-as-a- 
service). This translates into services (e.g., available datasets, allo-
cated resources, implemented algorithms, export data formats, and 
so on) entirely managed by Google and not (or hardly) modifiable by 
the single user. For instance, in GEE deep learning analysis can be 
performed  using  Tensorflow,  a  machine  learning  and  artificial  in-
telligence  open-source  framework  developed  by  the  Google  Brain 
team (Abadi et al., 2016). Although Tensorflow is one of the leading 
machine  learning  frameworks,  this  excludes  the  possibility  of 
employing different open-source machine learning systems such as 
PyTorch primarily developed by Facebook AI Research lab (FAIR) 
(Ketkar and Jojo, 2021), Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit (CNTK) (Seide 
and Amit, 2016), Caffe of the University of California, Berkeley, US 
(Jia et al., 2014) or novel algorithms for deep learning (Zhu et al.,

Table 1 
The methods exposed by NasaWebServiceAPIProvider class of nasawebservice package. Par(s) = parameters.  

Method 

products 

bands 

dates 

subsets 

execute_many 

execute_all 

async_execute_many 

async_execute_all 

last_product 

is_present 

available_products_by_date 

Description and Parameters

Finally, to simplify the parameters setup of each present method, a 
user-defined  data  type  paradigm  has  been  implemented  by  using 
enumeration classes. An enumeration is a special class that represents a 
group  of  symbolic  names  bound  to  unique,  constant  values  (i.e.,  un-
changeable variables). For example, the Products enum class represents a 
collection of available product names in the service. The Bands class is a 
composition of enumeration bands classes available for each product. 
Table 1 shows the methods exposed by the NasaWebServiceAPIProvider 
with the input parameters type.

The Python nasawebservice is a user-friendly package that provides a 
set of classes and methods to define pipelines for the automatic MODIS 
data ingestion from the NASA MODIS/VIIRS Land Products Web Service. 
The nasawebservice is implemented in the Python 3 programming lan-
guage. Its dependencies are requests, aiohttp, and asyncio (Hunt, 2019). 
The  remaining  dependencies  used  are  standard  libraries  for  maximal 
compatibility. To facilitate the users in the creation of their data process 
workflows, the nasawebservice was designed to be as close as possible to 
the  Global  Subset  APIs  of  the  NASA  service  making  use  of  wrapper 
methods,.  Furthermore,  the  library  provides  additional  methods  with 
the purpose of making the data ingestion pipeline scalable according to 
various  user  needs.  All  these  methods  are  exposed  by  NasaWebServi-
ceAPIProvider  class. NasaWebServiceAPIProvider object is  initialized by

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given information, it is not explicitly mentioned what specific type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline. However, it is stated that deep learning analysis can be performed using TensorFlow, which is a machine learning and artificial intelligence open-source framework developed by the Google Brain team. TensorFlow supports various types of neural networks including Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) networks, and others. Therefore, based on the given information, we cannot determine the exact type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. It could be any of the models supported by TensorFlow.