Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

numbers  of  files.  Density  estimates  from  ARU  data  can  be  obtained 
through a variety of models. For example, CNNs can be developed to not 
only classify clips into presence-absence, but also be trained to output 
specific times of individual detections and also power of the received 
sound from the source. Density estimates can then be calculated using 
power as a proximal estimate of distance (Yip et al., 2020), which can in 
turn be used in DS or other population models to obtain estimates of 
detection, availability, and call density (Sebasti´an-Gonz´alez et al., 2018; 
Yip et al., 2020). Cue rate, the expected number of times a covey calls 
over  time,  can  also  be  supplemented  into  the  model  to  obtain  more 
realistic estimates of bird density.

Recordings were analyzed using a previously developed CNN model 
(Nolan  et  al., 2022)  trained on covey call  spectrogram data collected 
separately to this study from Di-Lane and other sites around Georgia and 
Alabama,  USA.  Our  covey  call  acoustic  CNN  is  trained  to  detect  and 
localize all covey calls per ARU during the recording period and note 
their associated time and peak power (dB). We chose to use a relatively 
conservative  score  threshold  echoing  that  of  other  similar  studies 
ˇ
Sirovi´c, 2021; Ruff et al., 2020), where only calls that 
(Rasmussen and 
received a score of 0.95 or higher were officially classified as a positive 
bobwhite detection. All CNN detections at a 0.95 score threshold from a 
random sample of five one-hour files from each year were then manually 
reviewed to evaluate model accuracy and to calculate a false positive 
rate “i.e. how many calls were incorrectly labelled as bobwhite”. Across

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

Markovian transience or dispersal. Popul. Ecol. 58, 53–62. 

Ruff, Z.J., Lesmeister, D.B., Duchac, L.S., Padmaraju, B.K., Sullivan, C.M., 2020. 

Automated identification of avian vocalizations with deep convolutional neural 
networks. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6, 79–92. 

Rusk, J.P., Hern´andez, F., Arredondo, J.A., Hern´andez, F., Bryant, F.C., Hewitt, D.G., 

Redeker, E.J., Brennan, L.A., Bingham, R.L., 2007. An evaluation of survey methods 
for estimating northern bobwhite abundance in southern Texas. J. Wildl. Manag. 71, 
1336–1343. 

Sebasti´an-Gonz´alez, E., Camp, R.J., Tanimoto, A.M., de Oliveira, P.M., Lima, B.B., 

Marques, T.A., Hart, P.J., 2018. Density estimation of sound-producing terrestrial 
animals using single automatic acoustic recorders and distance sampling. Avian Cons 
13, 7. 

Shonfield, J., Bayne, E., 2017. Autonomous recording units in avian ecological research: 

current use and future applications. Avian Conserv. Ecol 12.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning pipeline described in the given context uses audio data. Specifically, it utilizes a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model to analyze recordings of covey calls. The CNN model was trained on covey call spectrogram data, which is a visual representation of the spectrum of frequencies in the audio signal as they vary with time. This suggests that the raw input data might have been in an audio format like.wav or.mp3, which was then converted into spectrogram images for training the CNN model. However, the exact file formats used in the pipeline are not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.