Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Split the datasets 

In this research, the datasets were randomly divided into three parts 
for training, validation and testing. Here, 60% of the data was used to 
train the deep learning models, and 20% of them was kept to validate the 
models. The remaining 20% data was used to evaluate the performance 
of the models. Table 1 show the number of data in the dataset and how 
they are separated for training, testing and validation. 

2.3. Deep learning models

2.6.4. Model training with selected patches 

We trained the same deep learning models as mentioned in Section 
2.5. For training, we resized all the patches of images to a resolution of 
256 × 256 pixels. Although after dividing the image into patches, there 
were images with lower resolution, i.e., 64 × 64 and 128 × 128 pixels, 
they were converted into a uniform size. 

2.6.5. Evaluation of the models 

An image was divided into patches first to predict its class label. Then 
the important patches were selected using the approach mentioned in 
Section 2.6.3. After that, the model predicted the class label for each 
patch. The weighted majority voting technique was used to predict the 
class label of the image from the predicted labels. 

2.7. Experimental setup

diction  of  the  deep  learning  model.  This  dataset  was  taken  to  verify 
whether our proposed approach can handle that issue. The dataset was 
shared  by  Jiang  et  al.  (2020)  through  the  Github  repository: 
https://github.com/zhangchuanyin/weed-datasets.

2.7. Experimental setup 

The experiments were conducted using a desktop computer with an 
Intel Core i9-9900× processor, 128 GB of RAM, and an NVIDIA GeForce 
RTX 2080 Ti graphics card. The deep learning models were developed 
using Python 3.8 and Tensorflow 2.4 library. The models were initialised 
with the pre-trained weights trained on the ImageNet dataset. Since the 
models were trained to classify 1000 classes of images, the classification 
layer of the models was replaced for fine-tuning them on the crop-weed

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, it is not possible to determine the exact process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model. There is no information available regarding model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.