Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source software platform (Abadi et al. 2016) 
that supports deep learning research and applications, having been 
released  by  researchers  at  Google  (Google  Brain  Team;  https://re-
search.google.com/teams/brain/).  We  adapted  and  configured 
TensorFlow  for  application  and  use  in  our  project  via  Python. We 
adjusted  two  parameters  from  their  default  values:  validation  per-
centage and number of training steps. Although the default setting 
for validation percentage was 10%, given small numbers of images 
available for some species, we had to increase this number to 16%. 
For number of training steps, although the default value was 4000 
steps,  we  explored  different  numbers  and  compared  the  results  to 
find  the  optimum  balance  between  computing  time  and  classifica-
tion efficiency.

Key words: Chagas disease, TensorFlow, deep learning, Triatominae, automated species identification

the best of our knowledge, this is the first study using TensorFlow 
to  identify  triatomines.  To  take  advantage  of  deep  learning 
algorithms  and  to  improve  identification  rates  at  the  species  level, 
we would ideally have access to many more images for each species. 
We are working along several lines to build such photographic re-
sources, but clearly small sample sizes will be a continuing challenge 
in this work. A second major challenge, a consequence of the first, 
was the model validation method. We would have been happier with 
our results if we had enough images for each species to follow k-fold 
cross validation approaches (Kohavi 1995), instead of leave-one-out 
approaches to evaluate our model, as the former offer greater inde-
pendence between calibration data and evaluation data sets.

l

u
s
e
r
o
n
0
8
S
e
p
e
m
b
e
r
2
0
2
4

t

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
high  capability  of  DNNs  has  resulted  in  widespread  use  of  these 
techniques in other such inference challenges (Schmidhuber 2015). 
DNNs have outperformed traditional methods (e.g., linear discrim-
inant  analyses)  in  various  classification  tasks  (Schmidhuber  2015). 
Here, we used TensorFlow (Abadi et al. 2016), an open-source soft-
ware  platform,  representing  the  most  recent  addition  to  the  deep 
learning  toolbox  (Rampasek  and  Goldenberg  2016;  Google  Brain 
Team;  https://research.google.com/teams/brain/),  to  explore  the 
challenge of automated Chagas disease vector identification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information on which specific cloud platform (such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform) was used to deploy the deep learning model. However, it mentions that TensorFlow, an open-source software platform developed by Google, was utilized for implementing the deep learning algorithms in the project. Therefore, while there isn't explicit mention of a deployment platform, one could infer that Google Cloud Platform might have been considered due to its association with TensorFlow. Nonetheless, without further details, it remains speculative.