Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The method requires manually setting several parameters, described 
in more details in the user guide.7 In particular, about half a dozen pa-
rameters allow to set thresholds on the size of the support of the output 
redescriptions and to control the length and complexity of their queries. 
We required that at least 1% of localities satisfy both queries (Min-
SuppIn) and that at least 30% of localities satisfy neither of the queries 
(MinSuppOut). In other words, the intersection of the supports of the 
two  queries  (the  support  of  the  redescription)  and  their  union  were 
required to contain at least 1% and at most 70% of all localities. This is 
an inclusive choice, not overly restrictive, that aims at capturing local 
patterns. Increasing the upper threshold further would jeopardize the 
local aspect of the analysis, and would lead to something more akin to 
non-linear regression. For a redescription to be informative, its support

to three dental variables and two climate variables. In the second run, 
we allowed dental queries to involve disjunctions, and climate queries to 
contain up to three variables, but tightened the requirement of accuracy 
gain.  Specifically,  under  this  constraint,  a  candidate  query  can  be 
extended by automatically adding the next variable only if the accuracy, 
as measured by the Jaccard coefficient, increases by a least 0.1. The goal 
is to obtain interpretable, not overly complex (long) queries. This can be 
achieved either explicitly, by limiting the number of variables and the 
operators  used  in  the  queries,  as  in  the  first  run,  or  implicitly,  by 
allowing increased complexity only if it brings substantial improvement 
in terms of accuracy, as in the second run. 

4.3. Selecting individual redescriptions for further analyses

As a practical example, consider the following query over climatic 

variables: 

qC = [19.6 ≤ T + WarmM ≤ ] AND [116 ≤ PWarmQ].

We use the Iverson bracket to specify satisfiability conditions, that is, 
in our case, the ranges in which the numerical variables must take value. 
The query above selects localities where the maximum temperature of 
the warmest month (T
C and the 
precipitation of the warmest quarter (PWarmQ) is greater than 116 mm. 
The support of this query, denoted as supp(qC), is the set of localities 
where  the  specified  temperature  and  precipitation  conditions  are 
satisfied. 

WarmM) is between 19.6 and 38.5 

+

◦

4.1. Concepts and definitions 

With this method, associations are captured as pairs of logical for-
mulas—also known as queries—expressing constraints on the values that 
the variables might take. Each such query defines a subset of localities 
where the corresponding constraints are satisfied, called the support of 
the  query.  The  algorithmic  process  constructs  pairs  of  queries,  over 
climate and dental traits variables respectively, such that the two cor-
responding sets of localities overlap as much as possible. In this way, the 
method  generates  alternative  descriptions  of  a  subset  of  localities,  in 
terms of their climatic conditions, on one hand, and of prevailing dental 
traits, on the other hand, hence the name redescription. Queries can be 
seen  as  hypotheses  about  associations  between  variables,  and  rede-
scription  mining  as  a  process  to  automatically  generate  and  evaluate 
those hypotheses.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit information regarding how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized, whether through methods like grid search, random search, or others. Therefore, without additional context, it cannot be determined how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized.