Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Algorithm training and testing 

We trained all algorithms on a random subset of 5256 pictures (80% 

of  the  6570-picture  dataset).  To  gauge  performance  consistency,  the 
training-testing  process  was  repeated  10  times  for  each  algorithm;  in 
each of these (pseudo-)replicate runs, all five algorithms used the same 
training and testing picture subsets.

review & editing.

2. Methods 

2.1. Bug-picture database

Vinícius  Lima  de  Miranda:  Conceptualization,  Data  curation, 
Formal  analysis,  Investigation,  Methodology,  Visualization,  Writing  – 
original  draft.  Ewerton  Pacheco  de  Souza:  Investigation,  Methodol-
ogy, Software, Writing –  review &  editing. Deborah Bambil: Investi-
gation, Methodology, Resources, Software, Writing – review & editing. 
Ali Khalighifar: Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – review & 
editing.  A.  Townsend  Peterson:  Conceptualization,  Methodology, 
Writing – review & editing. Francisco Assis de Oliveira Nascimento: 
Conceptualization, Methodology, Resources, Software, Writing – review 
&  editing. Rodrigo Gurgel-Gonçalves: Conceptualization, Data cura-
tion, Funding acquisition, Investigation, Project administration, Super-
–  original  draft.  Fernando  Abad-Franch: 
vision,  Writing 
Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis,  Methodology,  Su-
pervision, Validation, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing –

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training. However, based on common practices in machine learning, some possible postprocessing steps could include generating saliency maps, calculating metrics such as accuracy or precision, creating confusion matrices, or performing cross-validation. These techniques help evaluate the performance of the models and identify areas for improvement. It is important to note that the actual postprocessing steps may vary depending on the specific requirements and goals of the project.

Unhelpful Answer:
I am sorry, but I cannot provide a helpful response based on the given context. The text does not mention any details regarding the postprocessing steps involved after the model training.