Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The  hardware  platform  used  in  this  experiment  is  a  desktop  com-
puter with 128G memory, 16 core and 32 thread CPU, 3.40 GHz fre-
quency  and  24G  GPU.  The  operating  system  is  Windows  10  64-bit 
professional operating system. Annaconda3, PyCharm 2020.1, Python 
3.7, TensorFlow 2.6 as deep learning platform and MATLAB 2018b as 
data processing platform are exploited. Table 4 shows the labels used for 
various features. 

To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, two groups of 
experiments are designed for comparison and analysis. The one exper-
iment is to compare the proposed model with the classic CNN model. 
That is, using the CNN to classify the spectrums of HHT, WT and STFT. 
Another experiment is to compare the proposed model with the machine

In recent years, deep learning has an excellent performance and is 
also widely used in computer vision, speech recognition and other fields. 
Xie et al. used Chirplet transform, STFT and Mel cepstrum transform to 
obtain the spectrogram, and combined with the bird species recognition 
method of deep learning, classified and recognized 18 species of birds 
(Xie et al., 2018). Since 2015, many research teams have exploited deep 
learning to classify birdsong in the LifeCLEF bird recognition challenge. 
For example, Piczak used deep learning to identify South American birds 
in the BirdCLEF 2016 competition (Piczak, 2016). T´oth et al. used CNN 
for feature learning in the same competition, and achieved good results 
(T´oth  and  Czeba,  2016).  Based  on  Xception,  extracted  logmel  or  log-
linear  spectra  as  features  in  BirdCLEF  2020,  Bai  et  al.  used  data 
enhancement technology to improve the detection performance of bird

shown in the Fig. 6. 

The network is designed with four convolution kernel pooling layers 
to extract deep features. After the convolution pooling, the data enters 
the fully connected layer for connection. The network adds a dropout 
layer  to  the  fully  connected  layer  to  reduce  network  parameters.  A 
Dense_1 layer is added after flatten to reduce the dimension of the deep 
features, and sets the parameter to 500, which is the parameter of the 
deep feature dimension extracted from different views. 

4.2. Feature selection

sound (Bai et al., 2020). In the meantime, many scholars have adopted 
deep learning methods to extract deep features. Deep learning feature 
extraction is to obtain new deep features from the raw audio or extracted 
handcrafted  features  through  the  deep  learning  architecture.  For 
example,  Xie  and  Zhu  used  the  CNN  layers  for  learning  generalized 
features and dimension reduction, while a conventional fully connected 
layer was used to classify 14 species of birds collected from Xeno-Canto 
website. The final best F1score is 95.95% (Xie and Zhu, 2019). Liu et al. 
extracted  the  WT  spectrum  of  birdsong and  constructed a  multi-scale 
CNN to achieve birdsong classification (Liu et al., 2022).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state which cloud platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other specific cloud service was utilized.