Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2165

Fig. 1 The pipeline of the SPG framework. a Represents the original
input data (taking a tree and a pole as examples). b Is a hand-crafted
point cloud partition, c each partition is converted into a superpoint of

the SPG, and d is the network for superpoint embedding and
segmentation based on PointNet and GRU. The black lines represent
the superedges

with K ¼ P3
adjacency:

i¼1 ki,

E ¼ (cid:3)

3
X

i¼1

ki
K

log

(cid:2) (cid:3)
ki
K

in accordance with the optimal

ð1Þ

The linearity, planarity, and scattering are derived by the

following terms:

linearity ¼

planrity ¼

scattering ¼

k1 (cid:3) k2
k1
k2 (cid:3) k3
k1

k3
k1

ð2Þ

The linearity describes how elongated the adjacency is,
the planarity assesses how plane the adjacency is, the high-
scattering values are used to represent an isotropic and
spherical adjacency. We describe these three point features
as geometric features.

123

2170

Journal of the Indian Society of Remote Sensing (September 2021) 49(9):2163–2172

training, we set the learning decay rate to 0.7 so that the
learning rate gradually decays as the training progresses.
Table 1 shows the experimental results in which we ﬁxed
the voxel size and batch size and adjusted the regulariza-
tion strength, from which we can be told that result is better
while regularization strength is 0.2.

Abstract
Tree species segmentation is an essential condition for research forestry and has a large impact on forest resource
monitoring, sustainable forest management, and biodiversity research. Recently, the development of hardware and software
has been rapidly increasing. Regarding hardware, the active remote sensing system LiDAR can be used to obtain many
point clouds and can signiﬁcantly improve the tree segmentation accuracy compared with traditional optical remote sensing
hardware. With respect to software, deep learning theory is effectively utilized to process 3D point clouds, such as
extracting the features of data. However, deep learning-based methods are underutilized in tree species point cloud
segmentation. Therefore, it is extremely important to combine current technological advantages for this application. In this
article, we construct a point cloud processing dataset that comprises substantial tree information and 5 tree species,

2. Model training: We process data with a deep neural
network and adjust the training epoch, batch size, and
volume size to output a classiﬁer for prediction.
3. Result output: The point cloud test set is segmented,
and we can obtain the ﬁnal segmentation results. The
output ﬁles include point cloud geometric partition
graphs, SPGs, and segmentation results.

Results and Discussion

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no mention of a specific code repository or link to one within the given context. It appears that the authors have not shared their code publicly on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. To access the code, you may need to contact the authors directly or check if they have published it elsewhere.