Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

different activities ranging from day-to-day tasks such as route planning 
to furthering scientific studies, such as the effects of climate change or 
the spread of invasive species. Despite their widespread use, maps can be 
problematic  information  resources  (Burrough,  1986).  Any  map  is  a 
generalisation, hence an imperfect representation of the features shown, 
as  any  data  gathering  and  representation  which  inevitably  leads  to  a 
reduction of the original data complexity (Palmer et al., 2008). A map is 
also  typically interpreted  visually, thus  different people  may  come  to 
dissimilar conclusions about the mapped features.

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020452D. Rocchini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

color  gradient.  This  might  seriously  impact  scholars  and  students  of 
scientific learning having no proper access to graphing parts of articles 
and/or books (Albany-Ward and Sobande, 2015).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Colour blindness 
Computational ecology 
Ecological informatics 
Mapping 
R 
Scientific communication

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020454D. Rocchini et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain specific information on data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, generally speaking, some common data annotation techniques used in deep learning include bounding box annotation, where objects within images are identified by drawing boxes around them; semantic segmentation, which involves labeling each pixel in an image with its corresponding class; and instance segmentation, which combines object detection and semantic segmentation to identify individual instances of objects within an image. Other techniques include landmark annotation, polygon annotation, and key point annotation. The choice of technique depends on the specific application and requirements of the project.