Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

capacity: they have accumulated around three hundred thousand ﬁnely geolocated
plant species observations just in France during last decade. Citizen programs
in biodiversity sciences are currently developing worldwide. We expect them to
reach similar volumes of observations to the sum of national museums, herbaria
and conservatories in the next few years, while still maintaining a large ﬂow of
observations for the future. With good methods for dealing with sampling bias, those
ﬁne precision and large spatial scale data will make a perfect context for reaching
the full potential of deep learning SDM methods. Thus, NN methods could be a
signiﬁcant tool to explore biodiversity data and extract new ecological knowledge
in the future.

10.3.2 Species Selection

For the genericity of our results and to make sure they are not biased by the choice
of a particular category of species, we have chosen to work with a high number of
randomly chosen species. From the 7626 initial species, we selected species with
more than 300 observations. We selected amongst those a random subset of 1000
species to constitute an ensemble E1000. Then, we randomly selected 200 species
amongst E1000 to constitute E200, and ﬁnally randomly selected 50 in E200 which

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

183

gave E50. E50 being the main dataset used to compare our model to the baselines, we
provide in Fig. 10.1 the list of species composing it. The full dataset with species
of E1000 contains 6,134,016 observations in total (see Table 10.1 for the detailed
informations per species).

10.3.3 Environnemental Data

=

10.2.3.2 Models Architecture in This Study

For a given species i, When we know the model parameter θ, we can predict the
parameter of the Poisson distribution of the random response variable yi
N, i.e.
the count of species i, conditionally on its corresponding input x, with the formula :

∈

λm,θ (x)

=

exp(γ T

i aNh,.

m (x, θ ))

(10.6)

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

179

Fig. 10.1 A schematic representation of fully-connected NN architecture. Except writings, image
comes from Michael R

Nielsen2.

∈

R

:=

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

173

10.1.3 Contribution

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the specific data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. However, based on the context, it can be inferred that the authors might have used citizen science programs or national museums, herbaria, and conservatories as sources for their plant species observations. They also mentioned using a high number of randomly chosen species from an initial set of 7626 species, selecting species with more than 300 observations, and creating subsets of 1000, 200, and 50 species. Unfortunately, without additional context or access to the original research paper, I cannot provide a direct link to the data repository.