Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Data collection and processing

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

(4) 

A  comprehensive  explanation  of  additional  statistics,  such  as  the 
decomposition of individual MI (Eqs. 5 and 6) as well as individual es-
timates of U, S, and R (Eqs. 7, 8, 9, and 10) involved in the generation of 
process networks is provided in the Supplementary text (1.1 Method). 
TPINet  effectively  works  when  there  are  at  least  200  data  points 
(Goodwell  and  Kumar,  2017a).  This  approach  can reveal  interactions 
occurring on hourly to daily time scales over several-day-time windows. 
Studies  employing  an  information  theory-based  transfer  entropy 
approach for network generation, with datasets at sub-hourly and sub- 
daily scales, have consistently provided robust results (Goodwell et al., 
2018; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017a; Goodwell and Kumar, 2017b).

Respiration  (RE),  Net  Solar  Radiation  (NSR),  Air  Temperature  (TA), 
Wind Speed (WS), Relative Humidity (RH), Precipitation (P). Post-2016 
flux tower data was not available to us from the data handling group; 
hence, we had to constrain our study to a period spanning two years, 
specifically  from  December  2014  to  November  2016.  This  signifies  a 
limitation of the study. We also would like to highlight that in these 2 
years,  the  links  appearing  in  the  causal  networks  remained  relatively 
consistent. 

3. Method 

3.1. Temporal Information Partitioning Network (TIPNet)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about using a specific deep learning model such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers in their methodology. Instead, it focuses on describing the use of Temporal Information Partitioning Network (TIPNet) for generating process networks based on mutual information (MI) decomposition and individual estimates of U, S, and R. Therefore, I cannot determine what type of deep learning model is used in this pipeline.