Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

results in an unchanged expected activation in the fol-
lowing  convolutional  layers.  Furthermore,  we  nor-
malize all input channels (red, green, blue, and depth)
by subtracting the respective mean and dividing by the
respective standard deviation over the whole dataset.
We also introduce a feature fusion module to combine
the extracted features from both backbones using one
3 × 3 convolution per FPN scale and reduce the num-
ber of channels from 2 × 256 to 256. This allows us to
use weights pre-trained on the Microsoft COCO data-
set [24] for the region proposal network (RPN) classi-
fier and mask head. Fig. 4 illustrates the general archi-
tecture of the resulting D-Mask R-CNN architecture.
We  restrict  our  evaluation  of  D-Mask  R-CNN  to
instances of deers as it is the most common species in our
RGB-D dataset. We quantify the results of D-Mask R-
CNN using the average precision (AP), AP50, and AP75
metrics as defined by the Microsoft COCO dataset [24].

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

Dimitri Korsch is a Research Associ-
ate in the Computer Vision Group at
Friedrich  Schiller  University  Jena,
Germany.  He received his BSc and
MSc  degree  in  IT-Systems  Engi-
neering from University of Potsdam
in  2013  and  2016,  respectively.  His
research  interests  include  unsuper-
vised  machine  learning,  reinforce-
ment learning as well as fine-grained
visual categorization.

Keywords: biodiversity monitoring, species classification, animal detection, sensor networks, camera trap-
ping with color and depth sensors, motion estimation in color and depth videos, fine-grained recognition,
multi-object tracking, depth estimation, deep learning, novelty detection, anomaly detection, incremental
learning, lifelong learning, active learning
DOI: 10.1134/S1054661821030214

INTRODUCTION

In order to obtain precise data on the development
of  faunal  biodiversity,  systematic,  reproducible,  and
low error measurements must be carried out. To study
large  representative  regions  over  a  longer  period  of
time,  scientists  are  not  sufficiently  available.  That  is
why the German government has launched a project
called  AMMOD  (automated  multisensor  station  for

Received April 14, 2021; revised April 14, 2021;
accepted April 14, 2021

32. M. Simon, E. Rodner, and J. Denzler, “Part detector
discovery  in  deep  convolutional  neural  networks,”  in
Asian  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  (ACCV)  (2014),
pp. 162–177.

33. Van G. Horn, O. Mac Aodha, Y. Song, Y. Cui, C. Sun,
A.  Shepard,  H.  Adam,  P.  Perona,  and  S.  Belongie,
“The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection
Dataset,” in IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2018), pp. 8769–8778.
34. G. Yang and D. Ramanan, “Upgrading optical flow to
3D scene flow through optical expansion,” in Proceed-
ings  of  the  IEEE/CVF  Conference  on  Computer  Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2020), pp. 1334–1343.

PATTERN RECOGNITION AND IMAGE ANALYSIS 

 Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

488

RADIG  et  al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. The text only provides details about the researcher, Dimitri Korsch, who works in the Computer Vision Group at Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Germany, but does not provide any links or references to the specific code repository used in their work. Therefore, without additional information, it is impossible to determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.