Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Discussion and conclusions
This study is, to our knowledge, the first one that ana-
lyzes a big dataset with thousands of specimen images
from herbaria and uses deep learning. Results show the
potential of deep learning on herbarium species identifi-
cation, particularly by training and testing across different
herbarium datasets. This could potentially lead to the cre-
ation of a semi, or even fully, automatic system to help

Jose et al. BMC Evolutionary Biology  (2017) 17:181 

Page 12 of 14

Fig. 7 Comparison of losses of R.PC.PC, I.PC.PC and H1K.PC.PC experiments

taxonomists and experts do their annotation, classifica-
tion, and revision work at herbarium.

Results:
potentially exploited for species identification with deep learning technology. In addition, we propose to study if the
combination of herbarium sheets with photos of plants in the field is relevant in terms of accuracy, and finally, we
explore if herbarium images from one region that has one specific flora can be used to do transfer learning to another
region with other species; for example, on a region under-represented in terms of collected data.
Conclusions: This is, to our knowledge, the first study that uses deep learning to analyze a big dataset with
thousands of species from herbaria. Results show the potential of Deep Learning on herbarium species identification,
particularly by training and testing across different datasets from different herbaria. This could potentially lead to the
creation of a semi, or even fully automated system to help taxonomists and experts with their annotation,
classification, and revision works.

Experiments and results
All experiments measured the top-1 and top-5 accu-
racy of the trained deep learning model under different
circumstances, i.e., herbarium specimens classification
(“Herbarium specimen classification” section, Table 3),
transfer learning across herbarium data from differ-
ent regions (“Cross-Herbaria transfer learning” section,
Table 4), and transfer learning from herbarium data to
non-dried plant images (“Transfer learning from herbar-
ium to non-dried plant images” section, Table 5).

For each of these experiments, table columns are

defined as follows:

Finally, based on our results, we believe that the devel-
opment of deep learning technology based on herbarium
data, together with the recent recognition of e-publication
in the International Code of Nomenclature [41] will also
contribute to significantly increase the volume of descrip-
tions of new species in the following years.

Acknowledgements
Thanks to the National Museum of Costa Rica for their help with the collection,
identification, and digitization of samples in the Costa Rican leaf-scan dataset.
Special thanks to the Costa Rica Institute of Technology for partially sponsoring
this research. We would also like to thank the large community that has actively
engaged in iDigBio initiative for the valuable access to the herbarium data.

Jose et al. BMC Evolutionary Biology  (2017) 17:181 

Page 13 of 14

Funding
This work was partially supported by the Costa Rica Institute of Technology.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a direct link to the deep learning pipeline data repository. The paper does not mention any links to repositories such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF. However, it acknowledges the support of the iDigBio initiative, which provides open access to biodiversity data, including herbarium data. It might be worth checking the iDigBio website or contacting the authors directly for more information about the availability of the deep learning pipeline data.