Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• No-overfitting. In this setting, the optimization algorithm of CNNs is 
Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), with a learning rate of 0.0001 
and a weight decay of 0.5. The batch size is set to 32, the number of 
training epochs to 200 and finally the batch-norm and dropout (0.5) 
are used to reduce the overfitting level.  

• Overfitting.  We  use  the  same  hyperparameters  setting  as  the  no- 
overfitting  but  we  remove  the  use  of  batch-norm,  weight  decay 
and dropout techniques to ensure that the model overfits.

3.2.2.3. Label-only  (Choquette-Choo  et  al.,  2021). Rather  than  using 
confidence predictions, query-based attacks restrict the attack to using 
only the predicted labels from the target model. More precisely, label- 
only attacks determine membership status by issuing multiple queries 
to the target model. In practice, these queries are obtained by applying 
adversarial  perturbations  to  the  input  sample  until  a  change  in  the 
predicted label occurs. The attack assesses the perturbation’s size and 
categorizes  a  data  sample  as  a  member  if  its  magnitude  surpasses  a 
predefined threshold. More formally, if we have an estimate dist(x, y)
representing a point’s l2-distance from the model’s boundary, the attack 
predicts that x is a member when dist(x, y) ≥ τ, in which τ is a specific 
threshold value.

inference, we randomly selected specific supervised samples to serve as 
reference images, with a number of 25 samples per individual. This is the

distribution” for the non-members in the attack dataset. In practice, this 
can have a big impact in the situation in which the target dataset is of 
limited size and we do want to sacrifice some of its data to build the 
attack dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any methods for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline such as surveys, sensors, or public datasets. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful answer based on the given information.