Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

including other commercially important fish species such as Cod Gadus 
morhua (Vitale et al., 2006).

Knowledge of reproductive traits in exploited marine populations is crucial for their management and conser-
vation. The maturity status in fish is usually assigned by traditional methods such as macroscopy and histology. 
Macroscopic analysis is the assessing of maturity stages by naked eye and usually introduces large amount of 
error. In contrast, histology is the most accurate method for maturity staging but is expensive and unavailable for 
many  stocks  worldwide.  Here,  we  use  the  Random  Forest  (RF)  machine  learning  method  for classification  of 
reproductive  condition  in  fish,  using  the  extensive  data  from  Chilean  hake  (Merluccius  gayi  gayi).  Gonads 
randomly collected from commercial industrial and acoustic surveys were classified as immature, mature-active 
and  mature-inactive.  A  classifier  for  these  three  maturity  classes  was  fitted  using  RFs,  with  the  continuous

coverage  (Fig.  3).  The  commercial  data  were  obtained  during  eleven 
◦
months  covering  a  spatial  range  between  33
S,  compared  to  the 
◦
S, where sampling 
-42
survey data which covered the area between 29
was concentrated in two months (Figs. 1 and 2). 

-39
◦

◦

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a direct link to the data repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context. However, it does mention that supplementary data related to this study can be found online at <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481>. This might contain additional details about the dataset or any relevant links to access the data. Please note that the actual data used in the study is stated to be confidential, so it might not be publicly accessible.