Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Torresani et al., 2021; Rocchini et al., 2017; Thouverai et al., 2023), has 
the advantage to include both the relative abundance and the value of 
the  pixels  (through  the  Euclidean  distance  between  the  pixel  values) 
(Torresani et al., 2022) thus the whole structural information derived 
from the LiDAR data heterogeneity. This index, when used with a single 
layer/raster  as  in  this  study,  succeeds  in  becoming  a  good  proxy  of 
heterogeneity by narrowing to variance using half the squared Euclidean 
distance  (1/2  d2
ij).  We  refer  to  (Rocchini  et  al.,  2017;  Ricotta,  2005; 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)10208212M. Torresani et al.

indices with the species richness). For the GEDI CHM Potapov30m the 
goodness of fit for each heterogeneity indices is lower than the ones of 
the GEDI CHM Lang10m, the correlations are positive (expect for the 
Simpson’s D and for Shannon’s H when the species diversity is assessed 
through the species richness) and significant only for the Rao’s Q and CV 
indices.

Ricotta and Szeidl, 2006; Ricotta et al., 2012) for further details on the 
mathematical characteristics of Rao’s Q. Differently, the Shannon’s H 
and Simpson’s D-index, used in this work, have shown to be inefficient 
in assessing HH. Both indices do not account for the numerical values of 
the GEDI CHM but they rely only on the relative abundance of the LiDAR 
pixels within a specific raster/area of interest (Rocchini et al., 2017). For 
this reason they fail to characterize the heterogeneity of tree heights that 
depend on both the tree height (values) and distribution (abundance). 
An interesting point is related to the heterogeneity values derived 
from the Rao’s Q and CV from both the used GEDI CHMs. The results 
showed that Lang10m provide much lower values of HH than in Pota-
pov30m (Figs. 7–10). This was also found in a recent study (currently 
under review) (Moudrý, 2022) where the Potapov30m model, compared

to analyze and estimate these variables at global scale, over most of the 
Earth forest surface specially in remote areas where no local LiDAR data 
are  available  and  where  the  vertical  structure  of  the  forest  is  very 
complex and poorly understood (Burns et al., 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not contain any information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate response based solely on the provided text.