Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

±16 
±16 
±16 
±16 
±16  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026053S. Zhang et al.

2.3.3. Pest damage identification model 

In the current study, a machine learning algorithm, a CNN, was used 
to construct a pest hazard class classification model. The specific results 
are shown in Fig. 4. The above results are the experimental results of the 
author's  team,  specifically  referring  to  the  study  of  Ma,  L.  (Lei  et  al., 
2022). These sensitive spectral vegetation indices perform well in the 
1D-CNN model, with an overall accuracy (OA) and kappa coefficient of 
89.50% and 0.8666, respectively. Figs. 4-a, 4-b, and 4-c show the results 
of  identifying  the  degree  of  damage  to  forest  trees  by  EJD  in  June, 
August, and September in the study area obtained based on the 1D-CNN 
algorithm, and its distribution was basically consistent with the distri-
bution of the actual affected forest trees. 

2.3.4. Spectral vegetation index change characterization method

In the table, t2m represents the 2 m temperature (K); evavt repre-
sents evaporation from vegetation transpiration (m of water equivalent); 
stl2 represents soil temperature (K); te represents total evaporation (m of 
water equivalent); tp represents total precipitation (m); and swvl2 rep-
resents soil volumetric water (m**3 m** (cid:0) 3). 

4.3. Intramonth variation characteristics of the spectral vegetation indices

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026059S. Zhang et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The performance of the deep learning model is evaluated using two main metrics: Overall Accuracy (OA) and Kappa Coefficient. In this case, the OA is 89.50%, which indicates how often the model predicts correctly out of all predictions made. On the other hand, the Kappa Coefficient measures the agreement between predicted and observed categories while accounting for chance agreements. Here, it has a value of 0.8666, indicating strong agreement between the model's predictions and the actual observations. Other common evaluation metrics such as Precision, Recall, or F1 Score were not mentioned in the given context.