Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Remote Sensing of Environment

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/rse

Development of spectral-phenological features for deep learning to
understand Spartina alterniﬂora invasion
Jinyan Tiana,g, Le Wangb,⁎
Chen Shia, Massimo Menentid,e, Yong Gef, Sheng Nieh, Yang Oue, Xiaonan Songa, Xiaomeng Liua

, Dameng Yinb, Xiaojuan Lia,g, Chunyuan Diaoc, Huili Gonga,g,

T

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

Autoencoder-based deep learning for remote-sensing image classiﬁcation: a case
study of African land-cover mapping. Int. J. Remote Sens. 37, 5632–5646.
Liu, M., Mao, D., Wang, Z., Li, L., Man, W., Jia, M., Ren, C., Zhang, Y., 2018. Rapid
invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora in the coastal zone of mainland China: new ob-
servations from Landsat OLI images. Remote Sens. 10, 1933.

Liu, M.Y., Li, H.Y., Li, L., Man, W.D., Jia, M.M., Wang, Z.M., Lu, C.Y., 2017. Monitoring
the invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora using multi-source high-resolution imagery in the
Zhangjiang estuary, China. Remote Sens. 9, 539.

Lu, J.B., Zhang, Y., 2013. Spatial distribution of an invasive plant Spartina alterniﬂora

and its potential as biofuels in China. Ecol. Eng. 52, 175–181.

9

J. Tian, et al.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information and my knowledge cutoff of 2021-09, there isn't any direct mention or reference to a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, it seems that the required information is not explicitly stated within the provided context. It would be best to refer to the original research paper or contact the authors directly for more details regarding the code repository link.