Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

then combined with common latent feature space to generate one latent 
feature space layer. Moreover, to learn the corresponding distributions 
on different layers, multiple layers are generated which learns with their 
pluralism,  simultaneously.  Salaken  et  al.,  (2019)  employed  deep 
learning in which  a small sample of target domain is  used as seed to 
transform  source  domain  dataset.  Sousa  et  al.,  (2020)  proposed  a 
transfer  learning  approach  with  data  augmentation  techniques  for 
wildfire detection to overcome data limitations.

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

Further  discussions  analyze  IFTL  and  FTL  for  their  abilities  to 
improve learning by restricting overconfidence (controlling hesitancy) 
during TL by considering GRNN and SVR as the TUR. Overconfidence in 
ELM,  GRNN,  or  SVR  arises  when  they  make  predictions  on  a  dataset 
(target  domain) that has a huge data distribution difference from the 
source domain data on which they are trained. In this scenario, they just 
use their training experience to make predictions during testing without 
considering the distribution divergence in the testing dataset from the 
training  dataset.  We  conclude  this  section  with  the  execution  time 
analysis of the approaches.  

a)  GDP prediction using only CO2 emission data2

• This provides valuable information for understanding the 
environmental impact of energy consumption and helps in 
formulating effective policies to reduce CO2 emissions. 
• Proposed work assesses the air quality where concentration 

and toxicity levels are modelled using IT2 FSs.  

• Helps to identify contributing components for the resulting air 
quality, which further may enhance decision-making pro-
cesses related to environmental policies and health-related 
issues. 

• This work utilizes acoustic data and deep CNN to identify 

oestrus and non-oestrus sounds of sows.  

• Also, provide ways for monitoring and early warning systems 

on pig farms.  

• Better reproduction capability in sows may upscale the 
economic efficiency and production level of pigs.  

• A sustainable perspective for the pig farming operations. 
• The ecological implications of the proposed work are directly 
associated with the increasing CO2 emissions resulting from 
industrialization.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention the specific type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. However, it mentions that Salaken et al. (2019) employed deep learning, and Sousa et al. (2020) proposed a transfer learning approach with data augmentation techniques for wildfire detection. Additionally, there is a reference to using acoustic data and deep CNN to identify oestrus and non-oestrus sounds of sows. Therefore, based on these references, we can infer that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been used in some applications mentioned in the context. However, without more explicit information, we cannot definitively state that CNNs were used in all cases or that other types of deep learning models such as Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) or Transformers were not also utilized.