Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Zhang and Benveniste, 1992), Bayesian learning machine (Xu, 1997),
and so on. Researchers have extended the application and improve the
algorithms based on classical neural network models afterwards. Since
2006 deep learning started to boom in academia and industry. The deep
learning algorithm broke the limitation of the traditional neural net-
work on the number of layers. According to demands of designers, the
number of network layers was chosen and trained by large-scale data to
obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features which is
beyond imagination before (Hinton and Salakhutdinov, 2006).

after individual trials from BPNN2-1 (insuﬃcient ﬁtting ability) to
BPNN7-1 (overﬁtting and unstable), BPNN4-1 oﬀers the lowest mean
square error and the most 17 stable average performance at 0.000694,
with a maximum allowable training time of 1000. We choose an
adaptive strategy to modulate the learning rate to improve the neural
network convergence rate. The results show a benchmark learning rate
of 0.01, a learning rate up to 1.07 as the error steadily decreases, a
learning rate down to 0.70 as the error increases, a limit of the training

+

θ

l
i

⎧
⎪
⎨
⎪
⎩

i
(

=

1, 2, 3,

…

L

)

2.4. Data selection

(4)

l is the output of the ith node in the lth layer, xi

l is the acti-
where yi
l is the weight of the
vation value of the ith node in the lth layer, wij
connection between the jth node in the l-1th layer and the ith node in
the lth layer, θi
l is the threshold value of the ith node in the lth layer, Nl
is the number of nodes in the lth layer, L is the total number of layers,
and f() is the neuronal activation function.

Because the output error of the neurons in the output layer does not
satisfy the accuracy requirement, the learning process turns into a
backward error propagation process, and the basic model is as follows:

∆ = −
w
ij

η

∂
E
w
∂
ij

(5)

35

eralization performance of RBF-SVM. In: International Conference on Computational
Intelligence and Multimedia Applications. Iccima 2003. Proceedings 31. IEEE Xplore,
pp. 61–66.

Gao, Y., Feng, Z., Li, Y., Li, S.C., 2014. Freshwater ecosystem service footprint model: a
model to evaluate regional freshwater sustainable development—a case study in
Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, China. Ecol. Indic. 39, 1–9.

Gonzalez-Vallejo, P., Marrero, M., Solis-Guzman, J., 2015. The ecological footprint of

dwelling construction in Spain. Ecol. Indic. 52, 75–84.

Haberl, H., Erb, K.H., Krausmann, F., 2001. How to calculate and interpret ecological

footprints for long periods of time: the case of Austria 1926–1995. Ecol. Econ. 38 (1),
25–45.

Hinton, G.E., Salakhutdinov, R.R., 2006. Reducing the dimensionality of data with neural

networks. Science 313 (5786), 504–507.

Hopﬁeld, J.J., 1982. Neural networks and physical systems with emergent collective

41

L. Liu, Y. Lei

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide explicit information about the specific types of data formats used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it can be inferred that various data formats such as images, audio, video, or structured data like CSV files could potentially be utilized depending on the problem domain and requirements. Deep learning algorithms have been applied across diverse fields including computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, and more. For instance, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are commonly employed for image classification tasks, while recurrent neural networks (RNNs) find applications in sequential data analysis like speech signals or text sequences. Therefore, the choice of data format would depend on the nature of the task and the type of deep learning architecture being implemented.