Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

Requirements for the Proposed Basin Plan: Riverland–Chowilla Floodplain. Murray- 
Darling Basin Authority, Canberra.  

Overton, I.C., Pollino, C.A., Roberts, J., Reid, J.R.W., Bond, N.R., McGinness, H.M., 
Gawne, B., Stratford, D.S., Merrin, L.E., Barma, D., Cuddy, S.M., Nielsen, D.L., 
Smith, T., Henderson, B.L., Baldwin, D.S., Chiu, G.S., Doody, T.M., MDBA, 2014. 
Development of the Murray Darling Basin Plan SDL Adjustment Ecological Elements 
Method. CSIRO, Canberra.  

Poff, N.L., Zimmerman, J.K.H., 2010. Ecological responses to altered flow regimes: a 
literature review to inform the science and management of environmental flows. 
Freshw. Biol. 55, 194–205. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2427.2009.02272.x. 

Poff, N.L., Richter, B.D., Arthington, A.H., Bunn, S.E., Naiman, R.J., Kendy, E.,

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Development of a computationally efficient floodplain ecological response 
model for large-scale, data-sparse riparian environments 

J. Teng a, *, B. Croke b, c, D. Tan d, T. Iwanaga b, e, A.J. Jakeman b, C. Pollino a, D. Stratford a, 
J. Vaze a, W. Dawes a, P. Bridgeman f, A. Sengupta a 
a CSIRO Environment, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
b Institute for Water Futures, Fenner School of Environment and Society, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
c Institute for Water Futures, Mathematical Sciences Institute, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
d Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
e Australian Institute of Marine Science, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
f Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water, Canberra, ACT, Australia   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not mention any specific details about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline might be located. It only provides general information about the development of a computationally efficient floodplain ecological response model for large-scale, data-sparse riparian environments. Therefore, it is not possible to determine from this information alone where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.