Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3857  -  WGS  84  (Map  data  ©2015  Google)  from  QuickMapServices 
plugin in QGIS.

Another finding is that Sentinel-2 provide data that can be used to

Congedo, L., 2021. Semi-automatic classification plugin: A Python tool for the download 
and processing of remote sensing images in QGIS. J. Open Source Softw. 6 (64), 
3172. 

Couteron, P., Barbier, N., Proisy, C., P´elissier, R., Vincent, G., 2012. Linking remote- 
sensing information to tropical forest structure: the crucial role of modelling. 
Earthzine 4, 1–4. 

Dadhwal, V.K., Singh, S., Patil, P., 2009. Assessment of phytomass carbon pools in forest 

ecosystems in India. NNRMS Bull. 41. 

Daryaei, A., Sohrabi, H., Atzberger, C., Immitzer, M., 2020. Fine-scale detection of 

vegetation in semi-arid mountainous areas with focus on riparian landscapes using 
Sentinel-2 and UAV data. Comput. Electron. Agric. 177, 105686.

2.2.4. Sentinel-2 data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions that Sentinel-2 provides data that can be used for various purposes such as fine-scale detection of vegetation in semi-arid mountainous areas. The paper by Congedo (2021) also discusses a Python tool for the download and processing of remote sensing images in QGIS, which could potentially include Sentinel-2 data. Therefore, one possible source for obtaining Sentinel-2 data could be through the use of this Python tool or other similar tools. Additionally, the European Space Agency (ESA) operates the Copernicus program, which includes the Sentinel missions, and their website may have more information about accessing Sentinel-2 data. However, without further context, it is difficult to determine the specific location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the query.