Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

different Sika Deer vocalizations (range 2–70%, Enari et al., 2019). A 
recent study using the Red Deer as a study species obtained recall rates 
of  approximately  90%  for  the  five  supervised  machine  learning  algo-
rithms tested, suggesting that the creation of sophisticated models could 
clearly improve the detection of ungulate vocalization.

Our  study  provides  strong  evidence  on  the  effectiveness  of  using 
automated  signal  recognition  software  for  detecting  ungulates  (see 
Avots et al., 2022). The method we followed required manual validation 
of the ROIs detected by Kaleidoscope Pro, which is time consuming and 
could  be  a  clear  limitation  for  further  research.  However,  we  only 
reviewed ROIs within clusters with a high probability of containing cow 
vocalization, which reduced the number of ROIs to be reviewed by up to 
98.9%. Furthermore, Kaleidoscope Pro was able to automatically detect 
74.5% of cow calls within the validation dataset, which was a recall rate 
that was nearly four times higher than previously published for cattle 
detection research when using the same software (19.1%, Karmiris et al., 
2021) and was also higher than the results of an algorithm developed to 
detect  goat  /  sheep  calls  (21.2%,  Karmiris  et  al.,  2021)  and  three

Future  studies  that  aim  to  decrease  the  error  rate  of  algorithms 
developed  using  Kaleidoscope  may  create  advanced  recognizers  after 
manually labeling the events. Likewise, more research should evaluate 
the feasibility of using more sophisticated methods for automated cattle 
detection,  such  as  convolutional  neural  networks  or  deep  learning 

(Gupta et al., 2021; Stowell et al., 2019). Indeed, the development of 
supervised machine learning algorithms has already proven to be very 
effective for ungulate detection (Avots et al., 2022).

recognition  software  has  increased  significantly  in  recent  years 
(reviewed by Sugai et al., 2019).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline, such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, it discusses the use of automated signal recognition software, specifically Kaleidoscope Pro, for detecting ungulate vocalizations. It mentions a study that achieved a recall rate of 90% for five supervised machine learning algorithms using the Red Deer as a study species. Additionally, the text describes how Kaleidoscope Pro was able to automatically detect 74.5% of cow calls within a validation dataset, which was a significant improvement over previous research using the same software. The context also suggests future directions for improving the accuracy of these algorithms, including the potential use of more sophisticated methods like convolutional neural networks or deep learning.