Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Alexandria Engineering Journal (2021) 60, 4423–4432

H O S T E D   BY

Alexandria University

Alexandria Engineering Journal

www.elsevier.com/locate/aej
www.sciencedirect.com

A new mobile application of agricultural pests
recognition using deep learning in cloud computing
system

Mohamed Esmail Karar a,b,*, Fahad Alsunaydi a, Sultan Albusaymi a, Sultan Alotaibi a

a College of Computing and Information Technology Shaqra University, Shaqra, Saudi Arabia
b Department of Industrial Electronics and Control Engineering, Faculty of Electronic Engineering, Menouﬁa University,
Minuf, Egypt

Received 23 September 2020; revised 6 January 2021; accepted 9 March 2021
Available online 31 March 2021

KEYWORDS

Smart agriculture;
Crop pest;
Cloud computing;
Deep learning;
Faster R-CNN

performance utilization of
the RPN module with the
bounding box regression, as depicted in Fig. 2. Moreover,
the computational time of this deep learning approach is not
a problem in this study, because the detection and classiﬁca-
tion procedures of agricultural insect pests can be executed
in a few seconds in the cloud computing system, saving all
required hardware resources.

IoU ¼

A \ B
A [ B

ð2Þ

Next, the Region of Interest (RoI) pooling layer takes the
region corresponding to a proposal from the backbone feature
map and dividing it into sub-windows. The maximum pooling
is performed over these sub-windows to give the output of RoI
pooling layer, which has a size of (N, 7, 7, 512), and N is the
number of generated region proposals by the RPN mechanism,
as shown in Fig. 2. After passing through two fully connected
layers (FCs), the features are fed into the classiﬁer and regres-
sor branches as follow. The classiﬁcation layer calculates the
probability of the region proposal contains an object such that
the probability Pi of each element in the feature map i contains
the target object using softmax function. The regions with the
top score of 300 Pi in the total rankings present the detected
target object. In addition, the regressor provides the IoU index

A new mobile application of agricultural pests recognition

4427

Fig. 3

[34]. Second,

from the input image (see Fig. 2). It can be a pre-trained
CNN architecture such as Inception [32], Residual Neural Net-
work (Resnet) [33], and Dense Convolutional Network (Den-
senet)
the RPN module proposes object
locations of the feature maps. Third, a regressor and classiﬁer
are trained using the loss function L in (1) for the CNN detec-
tion network to adjust these proposed locations and to predict
single or multi-object classes with the corresponding bounding
box area in the resulted image, as shown in Fig. 2.

Lð pif g;

tif gÞ ¼

1
Ncls

X

i

Lclsðpi

i Þ þ k 1
; p(cid:3)
Nreg

X

i

i Lregðti; t(cid:3)
p(cid:3)

i Þ: ð1Þ

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide explicit information on how the trained deep learning model was deployed. However, based on the given context, we can infer that the deployment might have involved some form of model serialization and platform selection.

Model Serialization: This involves converting the trained model into a format that can be easily stored, transferred, and loaded onto different platforms. Given that the authors mention using a cloud computing system, it's likely they serialized their model before uploading it to the cloud.

Platform Selection: The choice of platform would depend on various factors like cost, scalability, ease of use, etc. Since the authors used a cloud computing system, they probably chose a platform that supports cloud deployment, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), or Microsoft Azure. These platforms offer services specifically designed for deploying machine learning models, including those built using deep learning frameworks.