Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Neural information processing scaled for bioacoustics-from neurons to Big Data. In: 
Proceedings of Neural Information Processing Scaled for Bioacoustics: From Neurons 
to Big Data, 2013. http://sabiod.univ-tln.fr/NIPS4B2013_book.pdf. 

Gupta, Gaurav, Kshirsagar, Meghana, Zhong, Ming, Gholami, Shahrzad, Ferres, Juan 

Lavista, 2021. Comparing recurrent convolutional neural networks for large scale 
bird species classification. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 17085. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598- 
021-96446-w. 

He, Kaiming, Zhang, Xiangyu, Ren, Shaoqing, Sun, Jian, 2015. ‘Deep residual learning 

for image recognition’. arXiv. http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385. 

Hershey, Shawn, Chaudhuri, Sourish, Ellis, Daniel P.W., Gemmeke, Jort F., Jansen, Aren, 
Moore, Channing, Plakal, Manoj, et al., 2017. CNN Architectures for Large-Scale 
Audio Classification. In: International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal 
Processing (ICASSP).. https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.09430.

We  explored  dimensionality  reduction  as  a  way  to  evaluate  the  suit-
ability  of  a  model  for  transfer  learning.  To  compare  embeddings 
generated by models using data not included in their training (unseen) 
we used the Brazil extract of the BirdCLEF 2020 dataset. We generated 
embeddings  for  this  dataset  using  three  different  models:  VGGish, 
BirdNET and a ResNet152-architecture model trained from scratch on 
the BirdCLEF 2020 dataset complementary to the Brazil extract. In all 
cases we used UMAP to reduce the dimensionality of the embeddings to 
2  dimensions.  We  calculated  metrics  for  the  UMAP  results  of  each 
model,  using  the  dataset  classes  as  labels  to  calculate  the  silhouette 
coefficient  (Table  3).  Scatterplots  in  Fig.  6  show  the  results  for  each 
model using markers to indicate different species.

DNN  are  algorithms  consisting  of  neurons  arranged  in  successive 
layers that apply computations based on learnable parameters (weights 
and  bias)  and  activation  functions  to  inputs  from  previous  layers, 
through to an output consistent with the training data. Different types of 
layers  (convolutional,  pooling,  flatten,  etc.)  may  combine  in  large 
numbers to create complex algorithms that are difficult to interpret and 
often referred to as ‘black boxes’ (McGinn et al., 2023; Stowell, 2022). It 
is virtually impossible to follow how they use millions of parameters to 
reach a particular decision for any given input. Consequently, there is an 

array of tools and procedures to try to understand some of their inner 
workings. Here, we focus on the improved utilisation of one technique 
referred to as “analysis of embeddings”.

accuracy  limits  that  we  encountered  training  DNN  models  with  the 
detailed-labelled NIPS4Bplus dataset (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021). We 
drilled down on the results using another high-quality model (BirdNET) 
and  compared  it  to  our  SincNet  trained  models.  For  that,  we  experi-
mented  with  dimensionality  reduction  of  embeddings  and  an  initial 
dimensionality reduction technique (t-SNE). We generated embeddings 
using  the  BirdNET  model  on  a  randomly  selected  40%  sample  of  the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The authors explored dimensionality reduction as a method to assess the suitability of a model for transfer learning. They utilized the Brazil extract of the BirdCLEF 2020 dataset, which was not part of the original training set, to generate embeddings using three distinct models: VGGish, BirdNET, and a ResNet152 architecture model trained from scratch on the BirdCLEF 2020 dataset. The authors employed Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection (UMAP) to decrease the dimensionality of these embeddings to two dimensions. Subsequently, they computed various metrics for the UMAP outcomes of each model, employing the dataset classes as labels to determine the silhouette coefficient. This approach allowed them to evaluate the performance of the models on unseen data, thereby ensuring the generalizability of the deep learning models. However, the text does not explicitly mention other techniques such as diverse datasets, cross-validation, or stratified splitting.