Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

ELMs use the SLFFNN’s general methodology, with the speciﬁcity that the Hidden Layer
(feature mapping) is not required to work in a coordinated fashion. All hidden-layer par-
ameters are independent from the activation functions and from the training data.

ELMs can randomly create hidden nodes or hidden level parameters, before seeing the
training data, while it is remarkable that they can handle non-diﬀerential activation
equations and they do not address known NN problems such as stopping criterion, learn-
ing rate and learning epochs (Cambria & Guang-Bin, 2013; Huang, 2014, 2015).

A mathematical basis has been provided for the understanding of ELM (Equations

(1)–(9)) (Cambria & Guang-Bin, 2013; Huang, 2014, 2015).

For an ELM using SLFFNN and random representation of hidden neurons, input data is
mapped to a random L-dimensional space with a discrete training set N, where
(xi,ti), i [ 1, N with xi [ Rd and ti [ Rc. The speciﬁcation output of the network is the
following:

pleted. The LA has no prior knowledge as to how many training observations will be
presented. Unlike other sequential
learning algorithms which have many control
parameters to be tuned, OSELM only requires the number of hidden nodes to be
speciﬁed (Huang et al., 2005; Liang et al., 2006).

1.2. Our research approach

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training, such as generating saliency maps, calculating metrics, or creating confusion matrices. However, generally speaking, these are common techniques used in machine learning to evaluate and interpret models.

Saliency maps help visualize the importance of different features in the input data towards the final prediction made by the model. They highlight areas in the input data that contribute significantly to the decision-making process of the model.

Metrics calculation involves computing various performance measures like accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc., to quantify the effectiveness of the trained model. These metrics help compare different models and select the best one for deployment.

Confusion matrices are another useful tool for evaluating classification models. A confusion matrix is a table that summarizes the predictions made by a classifier in terms of true positives, true negatives, false positives, and false negatives. This allows us to understand the strengths and weaknesses of our model and identify any biases or imbalances in its predictions.