Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Thorson, J.T., Haltuch, M.A., 2018. Spatio-temporal analysis of compositional data: in-
creased precision and improved workﬂow using model-based inputs to stock assess-
ment. Can. J. Fish. Aquat. Sci (In press).

Turner, B.M., Van Zandt, T., 2012. A tutorial on approximate Bayesian computation. J.

Math. Psychol. 56, 69–85.

Viterbi, A., 1967. Error bounds for convolutional codes and an asymptotically optimum

decoding algorithm. IEEE Trans. Inf. Theory 13, 260–269.

Murphy, K.P., 2012. Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective. The MIT Press,

Wang, G.M., 2009. Signal extraction from long-term ecological data using Bayesian and

Cambridge, MA, USA.

Nathan, R., 2008. An emerging movement ecology paradigm. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S.

A. 105, 19050–19051.

Nathan, R., Getz, W.M., Revilla, E., Holyoak, M., Kadmon, R., Saltz, D., Smouse, P.E.,

2008. A movement ecology paradigm for unifying organismal movement research.
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 105, 19052–19059.

neural networks, CARTs, linear discriminant analysis, random forests,
and support vector machines, and demonstrated their applications in
the supervised learning of animal behavior based on ACC data.
Brewster et al. (2018) applied six other supervised classiﬁers to classify
the behaviors of lemon sharks (Negaprion brevirostris) at Bimini, Ba-
hamas using ACC data. This study will brieﬂy describe two popular
machine learning algorithms random forests and support vector ma-
chines for the introductory purpose.

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Machine learning for inferring animal behavior from location and
movement data

T

Guiming Wang

Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mail stop 9690, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Behavioral classiﬁcation
Computational ecology
Hidden Markov model
Movement ecology
State space model
Supervised learning algorithm
Unsupervised learning algorithm

5. Summary

Both unsupervised and supervised machine learning algorithms
have been applied to infer behaviors of animals from movement data

Fig. 7. Schematic representation of supervising learning methods.

patterns during the sampling bursts (Brown et al., 2013; Martiskainen
et al., 2009; Nathan et al., 2012).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it mentions that both unsupervised and supervised machine learning algorithms have been applied to infer behaviors of animals from movement data patterns during sampling bursts. Supervised learning methods require labeled datasets, which may involve some form of data annotation. But without more specific details, we cannot determine what type of data annotation techniques were used in these studies.