Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• Aperture: F/10  
• ISO: 160  
• Shutter speed: 1/15 s  
• Focal Length: 55 mm  
• White balance: “Incandescent” 

2.3. Data splitting and image tiling

Evaluation  of  the  model  performance  was  performed  based  on 
standard  metrics  used  in  common  object  detection  datasets  like  MS 
COCO (Lin et al., 2015). Precision measures the fraction of the target 
insects  in  the  detected  objects,  while  recall  measures  the  fraction  of 
detected target insects from all the target insects within one image. A 
Precision-Recall  (PR)  curve  was  used  to  evaluate  the  overall  model 
performance  for  insect  detection.  Average  Precision  (AP)  is  the  area 
under the PR curve for a given IoU threshold, and mAP is the mean AP 
for all insect classes in our dataset. The metrics are defined as follows:

Precision =

TP
TP + FP

Recall =

TP
TP + FN

∫ 1

AP =

P(r)dr

0

(1)  

(2)  

(3)  

where TP, TN, FP, and FN stand for true positive, true negative, false 
positive and false negative, respectively. 

3. Results and discussion 

3.1. Insect image database

2021a; Wang et al., 2020c). Wang et al. (2020a, 2020b, 2020c) obtained 
a mean Average Precision (mAP) score of 63.54% using YOLOv3 (Red-
mon  and  Farhadi,  2018)  while  detecting  and  classifying  pest  species 
from  the  images  in  their  “Pest24”  dataset.  The  dataset  consisted  of 
25,378  annotated  images  coming  from  24  pest  species  that  were  all 
collected by an automatic imaging trap. Rustia et al. (2021) designed a 
multi-stage deep learning method including object detection, insect vs. 
non-insect  separation  and  a  multi-class  insect  classification  for  insect 
identification. Data were acquired by multiple wireless imaging devices 
installed  in  greenhouses  –  under  varying  lighting environments  -  and 
their classification model reached average F1-scores of up to 0.92. Hong 
et  al.  (2021)  developed  an  AI-based  pest  counting  method  for  moni-
toring  the  black  pine  bast  scale  (M.  thungergianae)  which  reached  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The performance of the deep learning model is evaluated using standard metrics commonly used in object detection datasets such as MS COCO. These include Precision and Recall. Precision measures the fraction of the target insects in the detected objects, while Recall measures the fraction of detected target insects from all the target insects within one image. A Precision-Recall (PR) curve is used to evaluate the overall model performance for insect detection. Average Precision (AP) is the area under the PR curve for a given IoU threshold, and mAP is the mean AP for all insect classes in the dataset. The formulas for these metrics are provided in equations (1), (2), and (3) in the paper.