Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Deep  learning  is  a  relatively  recent  development  in  ML.  Its 
main tool, the deep neural network (DNN), builds upon Artificial 
Neural Networks (ANNs) which were already conceived in the 
middle of the last century. Essentially, “deep learning” refers to a 
set of techniques that allow the training of larger (more neurons) 
and  deeper  (more  layers)  ANNs  (Nielsen,  2015).  These  high 
capacity  networks  became  possible  due  to  the  development  of 
improved  algorithms  for  optimizing  connection  weights  [e.g., 
stochastic  gradient  descent  (Rumelhart  et  al.,  1986)]  and  a 
steep  increase  in  available  computing  power  and  training  data 
(Goodfellow et al., 2016). While these improvements may seem 
only gradual, current DNNs not only outperform their simpler 
ANN  ancestors,  but  frequently  also  perform  better  than  other 
ML approaches in standardized tests of prediction accuracy (e.g.,

The hyper-parameters evaluated iteratively were network capacity 
(number of layers and neurons per layer), applied regularization 
techniques, as well as the used loss function and optimizer. The 
training of the individual candidate networks was stopped when 
the accuracy of the network on the test dataset did not increase 
further.  The  thus  determined  network  architecture  was  also 
used for Experiment 2 (Abadi et al., 2016). All experiments and 
predictions  were  conducted  using  the  TensorFlow  framework 
and  run  on  a  desktop  PC  with  an  Intel  QuadCore  CPU  (Intel 
i5-6600) and equipped with an NVidia GTX 1070 GPU.

In the training phase of a DNN the connection weights (w in 
Figure 1) between neurons are iteratively updated by a training 
algorithm  to  minimize  the  prediction  error  over  the  training 
data  set  (see  Supplementary  Material  S2  for  more  details). 
In  order  to  gauge  the  accuracy  of  predictions  for  new  input 
data  (i.e.,  data  not  used  during  training),  the  available  data  is 
frequently split into a training data set (used for training), and 
a test data set. The details of the network architecture, such as 
the  size  of  the  network,  the  selection  of  specific  layer  types, 
and parameters of the training process strongly determine the 
prediction  accuracy  of  the  network  and  are  usually  problem 
specific. More information on deep learning is available in e.g., 
Angermueller  et  al.  (  2016),  LeCun  et  al.  (2015)  and  Nielsen 
(2015).  Moreover,  the  Supplementary  Material  S2  provides  a

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

In the given context, it is mentioned that one of the main tools of deep learning is the Deep Neural Network (DNN), which builds upon Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs). The advancements in deep learning have been made possible due to improved algorithms for optimizing connection weights, such as stochastic gradient descent (SGD). This indicates that SGD is one of the optimization techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. Additionally, the context mentions that the hyper-parameters evaluated iteratively included the applied regularization techniques, as well as the used loss function and optimizer. However, the specific optimizers or optimization techniques used are not explicitly stated in the provided context. Therefore, while we can confirm that SGD is an optimization technique used in deep learning pipelines, further information would be required to provide a comprehensive list of all optimization techniques applied in this particular case.