Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

in satellite and aerial images with deep learning. Sci. Rep. 9, 14259. 

Hampton, S.E., Strasser, C.A., Tewksbury, J.J., Gram, W.K., Budden, A.E., Batcheller, A. 

L., Duke, C.S., Porter, J.H., 2013. Big data and the future of ecology. Front. Ecol. 
Environ. 11, 156–162. 

Hartman, S.E., Bett, B.J., Durden, J.M., Henson, S.A., Iversen, M., Jeffreys, R.M., 
Horton, T., Lampitt, R., Gates, A.R., 2021. Enduring science: three decades of 
observing the Northeast Atlantic from the Porcupine Abyssal Plain Sustained 
Observatory (PAP-SO). Prog. Oceanogr. 191, 102508. 

Hill, J., Wilkinson, C., 2004. Methods for Ecological Monitoring of Coral Reefs: A 

Resource for Managers. Australian Institute for Marine Science. 

Horton, T., Marsh, L., Bett, B.J., Gates, A.R., Jones, D.O.B., Benoist, N.M.A., Pfeifer, S.,

by imaging 
platform / camera 

image-camera- 
orientation* 
image-platform 

image- 
illumination 

image-scale- 
reference 

image-practical- 
constraints* 

Image-level capture 

image-datetime 

data 

image-longitude 
image-latitude 
image-depth 
image-meters- 
above-ground 
image- 
acquisition- 
settings 
image-pixel-per- 
millimeter 
image-area- 
square-meter 
image-curation- 
protocol 

image-annotation- 
QAQC* 

Image and data 

curation 

Ancillary data 
captured 

image-other-data* 

Documentation 
references 

image- 
documentation- 
capture* 
image- 
documentation- 
processing* 

Use of bait (type, quantity, position 
related to imagery, etc.) 
mapping: planned path execution 
along 2–3 spatial axes, stationary: 
fixed spatial position, survey: 
planned path execution along free 
path, exploration: unplanned path 
execution, experiment: observation 
of manipulated environment, 
sampling: ex-situ imaging of samples 
taken by other method 
Camera orientation to subject

from environmental monitoring efforts, such as for deep-sea mining by 
the  International  Seabed  Authority  (data.isa.org.jm/isa/map/).  These 
repositories  typically  archive  raw  and/or  processed  photographs  and 
video,  capture  information,  image-derived  data,  and  data  collected 
synoptically with other sensors, which are archived at the dataset, image 
file, and/or biological specimen level, but are inconsistent in their re-
quirements for structured metadata that would align with FAIR princi-
ples (Wilkinson et al., 2016). Imagery-derived data are also collected in 
repositories of biological data, for example, the Ocean Biodiversity In-
formation  System  repository  accepts  information  about  biological 
specimens  (Horton  et  al.,  2021),  while  data  on  specimens  are  also 
incorporated  into  taxonomic  and/or  morphotype  catalogues,  with  a 
potential  framework  for  such  use  presented  as  (SMarTaR-ID;  Howell

Planned type of quantification 

Planned derived metrics (e.g., 
abundance, diversity, biomass, 
frequency/rate) 
Description of desired statistical 
comparisons (including sample 
units, replicates, etc.) 
A description / definition of the 
planned spatial extent of the study 
(inside which the photographs were 
captured), including boundaries and 
reasons for constraints (e.g. 
scientific, practical), may connect to 
‘target habitat’ below 
Survey bounding box 

A description / definition of the 
planned temporal extent, including 
boundaries, rationale for duration/ 
frequency, and reasons for 
constraints (e.g. scientific, practical) 
Survey bounding dates and times 

Image or frame interval 
A description, delineation, and 
definition of the habitat or 
environment of study  
Benthic / bentho-pelagic / pelagic 

Type of imagery 
Location of specimens when 
photographed 
Number of cameras, including stereo 
cameras 
Light spectrum

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain any specific information regarding the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline used in processing satellite and aerial images. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer based solely on this context. Additional resources or information would be required to determine where the code repository might be located.