Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

We implemented a deep neural network algorithm
(Goodfellow et al. 2016)—IUC-NN—as an R package
(IUCNN, available at https://github.com/azizka/IUCNN)
based on the Python (version 3.7) TensorFlow (https://
www.tensorflow.org) library to predict the conservation
status of unevaluated orchid species. We based the pre-
dictions on 4 groups of features, derivable from digitally
available occurrence records: geographic (mean latitude
and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent
of occurrence [EOO], area of occupancy [AOO], number
of locations [sensu IUCN], and occurrence records); cli-
matic (mean of 19 bioclim variables [Karger et al. 2017]);
biome (presence in 14 biomes [Olson et al. 2001]); and

anthropogenic (mean Human Footprint Index [Wildlife
Conservation Society & International Earth Science In-
formation Network 2005]).

We trained IUC-NN on all species with an IUCN RL as-
sessment and available occurrence records. Prior to the
training, we randomly split the data set into a training
set (90% of the entries) and a test set (10%). We used
20% of the training set for validation. Because the size
of the data set was comparatively small, we performed
cross-validation by shifting the validation set 5 times to
quantify the average validation cross-entropy loss and ac-
curacy. We then used the neural network with the lowest
cross-entropy loss across a range of models with differ-
ent numbers of hidden layers and subsets of features to
predict the conservation status of all orchid species at
2 levels: binary (possibly threatened vs. not threatened)
and detailed (CR, EN, VU, NT, and LC). See Supporting
Information for details on the network architecture and
training. We combined the IUC-NN assessments with dis-
tribution data from WCSP to show the number and pro-

Keywords: biodiversity, data quality, IUC-NN, IUCN Red List, machine learning, Orchidaceae, sampling bias

Evaluación Automatizada de la Conservación de la Familia Orchidaceae mediante Aprendizaje Profundo

Including data on species trade, land use, or life his-
tory, once they are available, may help increase the ac-
curacy of IUC-NN and overcome dependency on threat
category (Supporting Information). Additionally, combin-
ing the binary and detailed model, the results of which
were contradictory in some cases (Supporting Informa-
tion), may increase the performance of IUC-NN. We sug-
gest that labeling species where the binary and detailed
model disagree as data deficient might reduce the num-
ber of false predictions. Future developments of IUC-NN
will quantify the estimation of threat as a continuous pa-
rameter to increase the accuracy for intermediate threat
levels and will implement Bayesian neural networks to
quantify uncertainties in the prediction (Silvestro & An-
dermann 2020).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The dataset used in this deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned as one of the common datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, it appears that the authors have created their own custom dataset using digitally available occurrence records of orchid species. This dataset includes four main feature groups: geographic, climatic, biome, and anthropogenic. Geographic features include mean latitude and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent of occurrence (EOO), area of occupancy (AOO), number of locations (sensu IUCN), and occurrence records. Climatic features consist of the mean of 19 bioclim variables. Biome features indicate presence in 14 different biomes. Anthropogenic features involve the mean Human Footprint Index. These features were derived from digital occurrence records of orchid species and used to train the IUC-NN deep neural network algorithm to predict the conservation status of unevaluated orchid species.