Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

potential of deep learning algorithms in bacterial image recognition of 
environmental samples using these datasets and provide guidelines for 
dataset preparation and training. With the increasing user-friendliness 
of  deep  learning  for  biology  groups  without  much  AI  experience,  we 
found that image annotation equivalent to a few weeks’ work can pro-
vide satisfactory information on bacterial populations within the chips. 
This method is expected to be useful for environmental microbiological 
research  and  analysis  using  imaging  methods,  particularly  on  micro-
fluidic  platforms,  where  the  combination  of  controlled  experimental 
manipulations  and  monitoring  of  processes  with  high  environmental 
realism,  including  chemo-physical  conditions  and  biotic  interactions, 
presents significant potential. 

2. Experimental methods 

2.1. Soil sample acquisition

include  flip, rotations  and  affine  transformation. We  then  trained the 
same dataset with ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 
500 epochs. It is worth noting that the selection of image augmentations 
is  of  crucial  importance  to  improve  training  performance.  Multiply, 
linear  contrast,  sharpen,  emboss,  flip  in  horizontal  and  vertical  di-
rections,  rotations  and  affine  transformation  were  used  for  heavy 
augmentation.

We used the well-developed deep learning algorithm Mask-RCNN to 
quantitatively analyze soil bacterial communities from three contrasting 
locations (Greenland, Sweden and Kenya), showing that the approach is 
capable to be used in laboratory incubations and in situ in field experi-
ments.  Furthermore,  we  demonstrated  that  the  method  is  able  to 
quantify bacterial abundance and morphology variance across latitudes. 
With this, we provide a proof of concept of a novel analytical technique 
using deep learning-based image analysis with microfluidics in order to 
understand  and  explain  population  and  community  dynamics.  This 
approach is an important contribution to connecting controlled, high- 
resolution  microbial  analysis  to  field  experiments  and  to  add  pheno-
typic  analysis  to  soil  microbial  diversity  studies.  The  concept  of 
combining microfluidic soil chips with deep learning image detection

models,  the  strongest  limitation  of  Mask  R-CNN  is  the  need  for  sub-
stantial  computational  resources.  Therefore,  the  training  of  the  algo-
rithm  was  carried  out  through  the  Alvis  cluster  which  is  a  national 
NAISS  resource  dedicated  for  Artificial  Intelligence  and  Machine 
Learning research. Following the methodology suggested in (Naets et al., 
2021), we split the data acquired from the experiment using Swedish soil 
into 65 images for training and 16 images for validation. We started with 
transfer learning from already annotated daily common objects dataset 
(COCO) on only head layers with RestNet 50 as backbone model (Lin 
et  al.,  2014).  Here,  transfer  learning  refers  to  fine-tuning  of  models 
already trained on different tasks and datasets that have plenty of an-
notations. Subsequently, all the layers were trained for 500 epochs fol-
lowed by another 500 epochs training with image augmentations which

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline apart from the COCO dataset. However, it mentions that they used the Mask-RCNN algorithm, which is typically pretrained on the COCO dataset. They also mentioned using transfer learning from the COCO dataset. Additionally, they used the ResNet-101 network for heavier augmentation, but no specific dataset is mentioned for this purpose.