Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10268512

2.4. Statistical analysis 

2.4.1. Random forest classification

Random  Forest  is  a  machine  learning  method  combining  decision 
trees  and  bootstrapping.  Developed  by  Breiman  (2001),  RF  has  been 
found to be insensitive to overtraining, small or noisy datasets. Every 
decision tree in the implemented RF algorithm is trained with a boot-
strapped sample of the training data and, at every split node, a subset of 
randomly  selected  features  is  utilized.  Then  for  each  pixel,  the  final 
classification  is  obtained  by  a  majority  vote.  RF  has  proven  to  be  an 
effective tool for mapping coastal and seagrass habitats (Fauzan et al., 
2021; Traganos and Reinartz, 2018b; Wicaksono et al., 2019). Two sets 
of RF models were performed using the multispectral images retrieved in 
2010. In the first set, the response variable was the presence/absence of 
the total seagrass meadows (hereafter identified as seagrass meadows), 
where areas with <20% seagrass cover were considered absence (Valle

et al., 2022; Veettil et al., 2020). New insights are needed to overcome 
the spatial and spectral limitations offered by historical platforms, such 
as the Landsat missions (Chen et al., 2016). In this study, we focused our 
attention  on  the  importance  to  account  for  phenological  differences 
between  species  in  the  application  of  machine  learning  algorithms 
trained  on  a  large  ground-truth  dataset.  This  would  allow  for  more 
effective extraction of reflectance features, enabling the acquisition of 
temporal information on the distribution of lagoon seagrass species.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not mention any specific details about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the given context.