Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Emmanuel, Tlamelo, Maupong, Thabiso, Mpoeleng, Dimane, Semong, Thabo, 

Mphago, Banyatsang, Tabona, Oteng, 2021. A survey on missing data in machine 
learning. J. Big Data 8 (1), 1–37. 

F¨oldi, L´aszl´o, Kuti, Rajmund, 2016. Characteristics of forest fires and their impact on the 

environment. Acad. Appl. Res. Military Public Manag. Sci. 15 (1), 5–17. 

Ganteaume, Anne, Camia, Andrea, Jappiot, Marielle, San-Miguel-Ayanz, Jesus, Long- 
Fournel, Marl`ene, Lampin, Corinne, 2013. A review of the main driving factors of 
forest fire ignition over europe. Environ. Manag. 51, 651–662. 

He, Haibo, Garcia, Edwardo A., 2009. Learning from imbalanced data. IEEE Trans. 

Knowl. Data Eng. 21 (9), 1263–1284. 

Hern´andez Encinas, A., Hern´andez Encinas, L., Hoya White, S., Martín, A., del Rey, and G 
Rodríguez S´anchez., 2007a. Simulation of forest fire fronts using cellular automata. 
Adv. Eng. Softw. 38 (6), 372–378.

However, for machine learning algorithms like backpropagation to 
be successful, a critical condition must be met: all functions involved 
must be differentiable to compute gradients accurately. As said above, 
to make the update criterion differentiable, we use the Gumbel softmax 

function.  So,  by  changing  our  update  criterion  to 

̃
Uk,  we  manage  to 

compute the gradients. 

This new data-driven architecture aims to learn the neighbourhood 
relationship Rk to improve the results of our model. In addition, learning 
the  neighbourhood  relationship  has  value  in  itself,  as  it  allows  us  to 
know and learn how the different elements of the system interact. For 
this purpose, as we can see in Fig. 13 a neural network ANN (or other 
objects) might be defined as Rk, which may take two kinds of inputs:

Despite the positive outcomes yielded by our model, we contend that 
substantial improvements could be achieved by implementing a more 
flexible and complete neighbourhood relation Rk  in terms of variables. 
For  this  reason,  in  Section  5,  we  explore  an  architecture  capable  of 
learning  such  neighbourhood  relationships  through  experience  and 
accumulated data. 

5. Intelligent cellular scheme 

In this section, we aim to present an innovative architecture that uses 
existing  data  and  historical  databases  to  generalize  the  concept  of 
neighbourhood relations. To achieve it, machine learning is a powerful 
tool, with a backpropagation algorithm (Rumelhart et al., 1986) at the 
heart of it.

The Gumbel-Softmax  function is  a  more general  function  that can 
approximate any discrete distribution to a continuous distribution. Its 
usefulness in optimizing neural networks involving discrete variables, 
such as those used in reinforcement learning and generative models, can 
be seen in (Mena et al., 2018; Strypsteen and Bertrand, 2021). However, 
the Gumbel-Softmax function is not a perfect substitute for the binary 
Bernoulli  random  variable.  Since  the  introduction  of  a  stochastic 
element into the computational process allows us to keep that character, 
but it could have an impact on our estimates. Furthermore, the function 

Remark 2.2. Mostly, the value of τ considered by default is τ = 1. 

Thus,  if  mk

ij  refers  to  the  state of  the  cell (i, j) in  the  generation  k, 

where 

⎧
⎨

mk

ij :=

⎩

0
1
2

if
if
if

susceptible
infected
dead  

then, the new update criterion 

̃U k  is defined by Eq. (7) 

∀mk

ij = 2 ⇒ mk+1

ij = 2

∀1 ≤ mk

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the specific frameworks or libraries used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, based on the available context, it cannot be determined whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or any other framework was used to develop the model.