Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

that  has 

facilitated 

the  access 

Google Earth Engine  (GEE; Gorelick  et al.,  2017) is  a  cloud-based 
platform 
to  high-performance 
computing with high applicability in wildfire science (e.g. Parks et al., 
2018; Piao et al., 2022; Roteta et al., 2021) because it hosts a vast remote 
sensing  data  catalog  in  the  petabyte  scale,  including  European  Space 
Agency  (ESA)  and  National  Aeronautics  and  Space  Administration 
(NASA) datasets over 40-years. These datasets can be readily processed 
at very large spatial scales using automatic parallel processing (Gorelick 
et al., 2017), taking advantage of advanced image processing techniques 
and machine learning (ML) algorithms (Amani et al., 2020). However, 
JavaScript, Python or R application programming interface (API) and 
the associated interactive development environment (IDE) in GEE still 
requires a high-level technical expertise.

bands had dGI values below 300. The training samples were incorpo-
rated as a GEE asset. When the algorithm is run in FIREMAP the results 
are visualized in the main screen as a categorized BA map, and the re-
sults can be exported to the user's Google Drive account in ESRI shapefile 
format for the region of interest.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025914J.M. Fern´andez-Guisuraga et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                             

does not assume a specific distribution of the response variable, and is 
largely  computationally-efficient  in  GEE  (Belgiu  and  Dr˘agut¸,  2016; 
Breiman, 2001; Lary et al., 2016; Quintano et al., 2023; Roteta et al., 
2021). The default RF hyperparameters in the GEE implementation were 
preserved,  except  for  the  number  of  trees,  which  was  set  to  500  to 
improve  computational  efficiency  without  losing  precision  in  the  BA 
estimates as determined by recursive validation of the BA classification 
algorithm over independent wildfires (see Section 3.1). We calculated 
the mean decrease in the Gini Index (dGI) to assess RF variable impor-
tance on classification accuracy.

Landsat 5–9, and Multispectral Instrument (MSI) onboard Sentinel-2], 
whose  availability  varies  depending  on  the  algorithm.  The  region  of

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot determine whether GPUs, TPUs, or other hardware resources were utilized for this purpose.