Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

499

This is a multi-layered neural network model that receives successive OL data streams
and uses the unsupervised GRELMA algorithm as a basic building block in which the
outputs of each level are used as inputs to the next one (Sun, Zhang, Zhang, & Hu, 2017).
An autoencoder is an ANN used for unsupervised learning of eﬃcient coding. The aim
of an autoencoder is to learn a representation (encoding) for a set of data, but with the
output layer having the same number of nodes as the input layer, and with the
purpose of reconstructing its own inputs (instead of predicting target value Y given
inputs X). The algorithm is described below (Sun et al., 2017):

Algorithm 1. GRELMA Algorithm for Clustering (Sun et al., 2017)

i=1 the number of hidden neurons nh, the penalty coeﬃcient κ and λ

a new deep neural network. Neurocomputing, 230, 374–381.
neucom.2016.12.027.

Zhang, D., Lee, D.-J., Zhang, M., Tippetts, B. J., & Lillywhite, K. D. (2016). Object recognition algorithm
for the automatic identiﬁcation and removal of invasive ﬁsh. Biosystems Engineering, 145, 65–75.
doi:10.1016/j.biosystemseng

Zhang, J., Yin, J., Zhang, Q., Shi, J., & Li, Y. (2017). Robust sound event classiﬁcation with bilinear multi-
column ELM-AE and two-stage ensemble learning. Eurasip Journal on Audio, Speech, and Music
Processing, (1). art. No. 11. doi:10.1186/s13636-017-0109-1

Zhao, Z., Zhang, S.-H., Xu, Z.-Y., Bellisario, K., Dai, N.-H., Omrani, H., & Pijanowski, B. C. (2017).
species classiﬁcation. Ecological

Automated bird acoustic event detection and robust
Informatics, 39, 99–108. doi:10.1016/j.ecoinf.2017.04.003

The implementation of this proposed framework was based on the DELE philosophy.
An important aspect of the framework is the usage of ELM which has proven to be
capable, of solving a multidimensional and complex IT problem. The Deep ELM simulates
the functioning of biological brain cells in a most realistic mode. This creates the potential
for a fully automated conﬁguration of the model with high accuracy classiﬁcation. An inno-
vative aspect of this work is the development of this model using Online Sequential Multi-
layer algorithm plus a Graph Regularized Extreme Learning Machine Autoencoder that
aims to optimize the choice of the input layer weights and bias. This has been done in
order to achieve a higher level of generalization. This method combines two highly
eﬀective machine learning algorithms, for solving a multidimensional and complex
machine hearing problem. Another interesting point is the performance of feature extrac-

Regularized
Autoencoder
Learning
(MIGRATE_ELM). The MIGRATE_ELM uses an innovative Deep
Learning algorithm (DELE) that is applied for the ﬁrst time for the
above purpose. The assignment of the corresponding class ‘native’
or ‘invasive’ in its locality, is carried out by an equally innovative
approach entitled ‘Geo Location Country Based Service’ that has
been proposed by our research team.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the provided context is not explicitly stated. However, it can be inferred from the description that the model is designed for clustering or classification tasks. The model is a multi-layered neural network that uses the unsupervised GRELMA algorithm as a building block, where the outputs of each level serve as inputs to the next one. Additionally, the model incorporates an autoencoder, which is a type of artificial neural network used for unsupervised learning of efficient coding. The goal of an autoencoder is to learn a representation for a set of data, with the output layer having the same number of nodes as the input layer, and with the purpose of reconstructing its own inputs rather than predicting a target value given inputs. Furthermore, the model aims to optimize the choice of input layer weights and biases to achieve a higher level of generalization. These characteristics suggest that the model is likely intended for classification or clustering tasks, although the specific application is not mentioned in the provided context.