Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

11 / 30 
14 / 30 
12 / 30 
15 / 30  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026879J. Poutaraud et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Fig. 8. Estimation of the energy consumption related to the training of the models. This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy and RAMenergy in 
kilowatt-hour (kWh). Fine-tuning of four CNN backbones (i.e. ResNet18, VGG16, DenseNet121 and AlexNet) were accomplished on 5 way-1 shot (Left) and 5 way-5 
shot (Right) tasks using Matching Networks (MN), Prototypical Networks (PN) and Relation Networks (RN).

pretrained DenseNet might fit the Darksound dataset well, but there are 
no  guarantees  that it  will  work  on  another  dataset in  the  exact  same 
manner. All the CNN backbones used in this experiment were previously 
trained on the ImageNet database, a large but very general dataset. It has 
been recently shown that using features extracted from models trained 
on smaller but more specific datasets, that bird sound datasets, leads to 
higher quality classification (Ghani et al., 2023; McGinn et al., 2023). 
Consequently, using features extracted from a model trained on spec-
trograms of bird sounds (e.g.  BirdNET algorithm (Kahl et  al., 2021)), 
could  improve  the  parameter  initialization  of  UML  algorithms  of  the 
MEC method.

The model was fine-tuned using the Adam optimizer initialized with 
a default learning rate of 0.0001 and a weight decay of 0. The experi-
ments were conducted in Pytorch on 8 x NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti. 
Fine-tuning was performed on the entire model for 100 epochs, with one 
epoch  corresponding  to  500  episodic  tasks.  Estimation  of  the  energy 
consumption related to the training of the models was calculated using 
the Python package CodeCarbon (https://codecarbon.io/) (v2.3.2 with 
Python v3.8.0). This corresponds to the sum of CPU energy, GPU energy 
and  RAM  energy  in  kilowatt-hour  (kWh).  Two  episodic  tasks  were 
constructed from the training set with 5 way-1 shot and 5 way-5 shot 
tasks.  Latent  space  representations  were  finally  extracted  from  the 
backbone of the model to evaluate their capacity to improve the quality 
of clustering. 

2.3. Parameter estimation of the latent space dimensionality

This included an initial training set of 29,587 audio recordings corre-
sponding to 2976 tropical bird species (see Appendix A).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, I cannot provide information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. There is no mention of any details regarding model serialization or platform selection for deployment. Therefore, I do not have enough information to give a helpful response to this query.