Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Third, the training dataset was incorporated as an asset in GEE to 
perform  the  ML-based  PROSAIL-D  RTM  inversion  and  retrieve  the 
FCOVER  from  post-fire  S2  scenes.  The  RF  regression  algorithm  has 
become a highly-adopted alternative for this purpose in GEE due to its 
high computational efficiency (Campos-Taberner et al., 2018). There-
fore, we considered the implementation of RF regression in FIREMAP to 
build  the  relationships  between  the  FCOVER  and  the  corresponding 
reflectance  in  the  S2  band  configuration.  We  preserved  the  default 
values for RF hyperparameters except for the number of trees, which 
was set to 500 to improve computational efficiency in GEE. As in BA and 
fire severity algorithms implemented in FIREMAP, the FCOVER retrieval 
can be performed both for the user-defined region of interest and for the 
official fire perimeters of the EFFIS database. Similarly, the selection of

2.2. Implemented workflows 

2.2.1. Fire scar delineation

interest and for the official fire perimeters of the EFFIS database. The 
algorithm automatically selects the date range of interest for the pre- 
and post-fire scenes in the case of using an official perimeter from the 
EFFIS database. Otherwise, the date range can be manually selected by 
the user. The automatic search for pre- and post-fire scenes of acceptable 
quality can either be based on a single-date approach or on pixel-based 
temporal  mean  composites  as  determined  by  the  Sentinel  (QA60)  or 
Landsat (QA_PIXEL) quality assessment bands (see Section 2.2.1). When 
the  user requests the  calculation of a  spectral index in FIREMAP, the 
result is automatically displayed on the main screen as a continuous or 
categorized fire severity map, with the possibility of using user-defined 
thresholds.  The  latter  has  been  included  because  of  the  ecosystem- 
dependent  nature  of  the  relationships  between  the  CBI  and  spectral

bandwidth.  The  FCOVER  retrieval  must  be  based  on  atmospherically 
corrected data to provide interpretable canopy reflectance by PROSAIL- 
D RTM (Fern´andez-Guisuraga et al., 2021a; Jia et al., 2016), and thus 
the  algorithm  relies  on  harmonized  S2  post-fire  Level-2  A  data 
(COPERNICUS/S2_SR_HARMONIZED  dataset  in  GEE)  discarding  60  m 
bands as in the BA product. Additional sensors will be included in future 
FIREMAP  versions  (see  Section  4)  to  allow  for  the  FCOVER  retrieval 
prior to 2018.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not mention any specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that the Random Forest (RF) regression algorithm is adopted for high computational efficiency in Google Earth Engine (GEE). While the RF algorithm itself does not use traditional regularization techniques like dropout or L2 regularization, it inherently helps prevent overfitting through ensemble learning and random feature selection during tree construction. In this study, the authors preserve the default values for RF hyperparameters but increase the number of trees to 500 to further enhance computational efficiency in GEE.