Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3857  -  WGS  84  (Map  data  ©2015  Google)  from  QuickMapServices 
plugin in QGIS.

Another finding is that Sentinel-2 provide data that can be used to

Congedo, L., 2021. Semi-automatic classification plugin: A Python tool for the download 
and processing of remote sensing images in QGIS. J. Open Source Softw. 6 (64), 
3172. 

Couteron, P., Barbier, N., Proisy, C., P´elissier, R., Vincent, G., 2012. Linking remote- 
sensing information to tropical forest structure: the crucial role of modelling. 
Earthzine 4, 1–4. 

Dadhwal, V.K., Singh, S., Patil, P., 2009. Assessment of phytomass carbon pools in forest 

ecosystems in India. NNRMS Bull. 41. 

Daryaei, A., Sohrabi, H., Atzberger, C., Immitzer, M., 2020. Fine-scale detection of 

vegetation in semi-arid mountainous areas with focus on riparian landscapes using 
Sentinel-2 and UAV data. Comput. Electron. Agric. 177, 105686.

bined with other types of data in an efficient, for example in a model- 
assisted framework (e.g., Ståhl et al., 2016) or hierarchical modelling 
(e.g., Saarela et al., 2016, 2018).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific dataset used in a deep learning pipeline such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. However, it mentions the use of Sentinel-2 satellite imagery data, which could potentially be used as part of a deep learning pipeline for tasks like land cover classification or object detection. Additionally, the context refers to the use of the Semi-Automatic Classification Plugin for QGIS, which may involve processing remote sensing images for machine learning applications. The paper by Daryaei et al. (2020) discusses fine-scale vegetation detection using Sentinel-2 and UAV data, suggesting that these datasets might have been employed in their study. Nonetheless, without further details about the specific deep learning pipelines mentioned in the context, we cannot definitively state which datasets were utilized.