Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

up its resources according to the computation/storage requirements. For 
the  database  performance,  the  test  was  run  between  November  2020 
and  Jan  2021  on  the  GPU  instance  and  evaluated  for  utilisation, 
execution count, number of running statements and number of sessions 
metrics as shown in Fig. 15. The maximum GPU utilisation was under 
20% even with over 1.5 million execution queries.

Fig. 13. An illustration of captured NO2 pollutant readings (blue highlight) and the deep learning model predictions (red highlight). These results were derived from 
an evaluation using the validation dataset. It should be pointed out that the model's predictions are not too far off the actual readings. (For interpretation of the 
references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

Table 4 
Hardware specifications of the two oracle cloud instances used to test scalablity.  

Instance 
Type 

Bare 
Metal 

Name 

Compute – 
Ampere 
A1 – 
OCPU 

Processor 

OCPU 

GPU 
type 

– 

CPU 
cores 

CPU 
memory 

GPU 
memory 

6 

32GB 

– 

VM. 

GPU 

Pascal 

GPU2.1 

1 
NVIDIA 
P100 

12 

72GB 

16GB  

4.4. Evaluating the scalability performance of the REVIS system

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160913T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 14. Plots of bare metal vs GPU instance as number of devices increased.  

6. Conclusion 

A cost-effective deep learning framework for ubiquitous monitoring 
and  predicting  pollutant  concentration  levels  on  UK  highways  was 

proposed  in  this  study.  An  implementation  of  the  framework  was 
demonstrated using the REVIS system. Details of the development of the 
REVIS IoT hardware for data collection, the configuration of big data 
tools  for  data  storage  and  the  and  results  of  trained  deep  learning

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the deep learning model was trained using Oracle Cloud instances. Specifically, Table 4 lists the hardware specifications of the two Oracle Cloud instances used to test scalability. One of these instances is a Compute - Ampere A1 instance, which does not have any GPU type listed. However, the other instance is a VM.GPU instance, which uses a Pascal GPU type. Therefore, it can be inferred that the deep learning model was likely trained using a NVIDIA P100 GPU.