Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The relational schema of CASE’s database is shown in Fig. A.18. CASE is based on a concept of Task, i.e., a questionnaire that must be fulfilled by a 
User (i.e., an on-field operator). Each task is composed by a set of Questions, categorized in different types (e.g., multiple answers, date picker) each 
composed by a set of predefined Answers (one of which could be an open answer, defined by the user when selecting the Given answer). The 
dynamic aspect of CASE’s questionnaires lies in the association of each possible answer with a different one to be shown next. Thus, users fulfilling the 
same task may follow different paths of questions depending on the given answers. This enables a customized and efficient user experience, as detailed 
questions on a given topic may be asked only if such a topic has been mentioned by the user. Instances of tasks (i.e., Task on geo-object) are

3.2.4. Analytical fruition 

The provisioning of analytical capabilities often builds on multidi-
mensional representations of the data, which offer efficient support to 
query  answering  (Golfarelli  and  Rizzi,  2009).  To  this  end,  a  multidi-
mensional spatial cube called Captures is created in the Access tier. 
The schema of the cube is shown in Fig. 6 using the conceptual DFM 
notation (Golfarelli and Rizzi, 2009). Full details about the interpreta-
tion of the conceptual model are disclosed in Appendix A.3.

associated with Geo-objects, i.e., georeferenced elements (e.g., fields, plants, traps) that are the subject of the questionnaire. Thus, the fulfillment of 
a task is limited to users who are located within a given maximum distance. Users have visibility on the geo-objects in a given Area (e.g., a farm, a 
province), and geo-objects are associated with a period of activity named Monitoring session.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027138C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 6. Multidimensional schema of the Captures spatial cube.  

Fig. 7. Sample results of SOLAP queries, showing the average values of Tot captured by Province with filter Year = 2021 (a), and the average values of Tot 
precipitations and Tot precipitations by Date with filter Year = 2021 and Province = “Bologna” (b). 

terms of average weekly captures. Therefore, regardless of the size of the 
H. halys population in the different sites, the trend of captures across the 
season was comparable for the different areas.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information regarding how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized, whether it's through grid search, random search, or any other method. Therefore, I do not know the answer to this specific query.