Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

i,

The parameter Dmin is set from a priori knowledge of the species bio-
ecology. Particularly, given P, the set of pixels where the species was
observed and U, the set of pixels where the species is known to be
absent, Dmin can be deﬁned as follows:

D

min

=

min

p P u U
,

∊

∊

d
(

)

pu

(2)

The general concepts of environmental space and environmental

neighborhood are schematically represented in Fig. 1.

Given X, the set of pixels of the study area, and S the set of sampled
pixels, the related sampling eﬀort for pixel i, denoted zi, is deﬁned as:

z

i

=

sum

w
j S ij
∊

/sum

w
k X ik

∊

(3)

Y. Moua, et al.

Ecological Informatics 57 (2020) 101086

the background set were implemented.

(1) The method initially proposed by Moua et al. (2017) (referred to as
BGenv hereafter) is based on the estimation of the sampling eﬀort
within the environmental space. The principle, the implementation
of which is detailed below, is as follow: the sampling eﬀort asso-
ciated with a given pixel i of the study area corresponds to the ratio
of the number of sampled pixels over the total number of pixels,
within the environmental neighborhood of i deﬁned by using a
Gaussian-like membership function.

Firstly, all pixels of the study area are represented in the environ-
mental variable space. This is accomplished by performing a Principal
Component Analysis (PCA), a Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA)
or a Factor Analysis of Mixed Data (FAMD) (Pages, 2004) depending on

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether GPUs, TPUs, or other types of hardware resources were utilized for this purpose.