Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Scaling hypotheses

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020262L. Chiaverini et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

1000 m, 2000 m, 4000 m, 6000 m, 8000 m and 10,000 m (Chiaverini 
et al., 2022; Macdonald et al., 2020).

To produce accurate SDMs, not just the effects of different algorithms 
should be investigated, but also the effects of resampling techniques on 
model's  training  data  (Efron,  1982;  Freedman,  1981).  Specifically, 
bootstrapping (i.e., random subsampling with replacement) the training 
data  has  been  shown  to  increase  models'  precision  by  providing  a 
combination of models, which reduces stochastic errors in estimation (e. 
g., Vaughan and Ormerod (2005); Hefley et al. (2014); Xu and Goodacre 
(2018)).

A key point in machine learning is represented by the data, not only 
by the algorithms. The structure of the training data can have profound 
and critical effects on the outcomes of models trained with the RF al-
gorithm. While this is an important point which is worthy of evaluation, 
our dataset was limited to a collection of camera trap data on several 
species which makes it difficult to comprehensively compare the effects 
of the data and its structure. We note that this is better explored with 
simulation, as in a recent paper from our group (Kumar et al., 2021) 
which  indeed  showed  that  the  spatial  pattern  and  shape  of  the  envi-
ronmental manifold itself affects performance of GLM and RF. 

5. Conclusions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about specific data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, or scaling used in a deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions bootstrapping, a type of resampling technique where the training data is randomly sampled with replacement. This method helps improve model precision by reducing stochastic errors in estimation. Additionally, the text emphasizes the importance of considering both the algorithm and the structure of the training data when building accurate Species Distribution Models (SDMs), noting that the environmental manifold's spatial pattern and shape affect the performance of Generalized Linear Model (GLM) and Random Forest (RF) models.