Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

science counts of the survey and comparison to expert counts.

tee  that  the  approach  is  transferable  and  how  to  appropriately 

4 |  D I S CU S S I O N

filter the data may be affected by the wording of the guidelines, 

the image resolution and sizes used, or the set of volunteers that 

participate  in  the  project.  Other  more  sophisticated  approaches 

to processing citizen science data have been proposed (Swanson 

From our results, we see that both citizen science and deep learn-

et al., 2016); however, given the range of counts provided by the 

ing methods are capable of producing highly accurate image counts. 

volunteers  and  the  large  errors  we  observe  in  the  baseline  met-

Counting the wildebeest within the survey images is a difficult and 

rics  (c.  11%  and c.  9%  undercount  for  the  mean  and  median,  re-

time- consuming task. When collecting the census images, there are

libraries	 such	 as	 TensorFlow	 (Abadi	 et	al.,	 2016).	 Currently,	 the	

Raw count data are available from Enlighten: Research Data (https://

doi.org//10.5525/gla.researchdata.732).  Source  code  is  available 

from http://dx.doi.orgI10.5281/zenodo.2562058.

greatest challenge for implementing these algorithms for bespoke 

O R C I D 

applications is obtaining sufficiently large training datasets. In this 

regard,  citizen  scientists  have  a  clear  role  to  play.  While  we  have 

shown that the trained algorithm achieves high accuracy levels, it 

Colin J. Torney 

 https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1673-7835  

should  be  noted  that  the  algorithm  employed  the  crowd- sourced 

data  to  create  the  training  sets.  Hence,  both  methods  should  be 

R E F E R E N C E S

viewed  as  complementary  approaches  with  citizen  science  data 

forming the foundation for automated algorithms (Rey et al., 2017).

3.  Through  the  use  of  the  online  platform  Zooniverse,  we  collected  multiple  non-

expert counts by citizen scientists and used three different aggregation methods 

to  obtain  a  single  count  for  the  survey  images.  We  also  counted  the  images  by 

developing a bespoke deep learning method via the use of a convolutional neural 

network. The results of both approaches were then compared.

4.	 After	filtering	of	the	citizen	science	counts,	both	approaches	provided	highly	ac-

curate total estimates. The deep learning method was far faster and appears to be 

a more reliable and predictable approach; however, we note that citizen science 

volunteers played an important role when creating training data for the algorithm. 

Notably, our results show that accurate, species-specific, automated counting of 

aerial wildlife images is now possible.

K E Y W O R D S

citizen science, conservation, deep learning, monitoring, population ecology, surveys

Our  results  show  that  deep  learning  algorithms  are  now  at  a 

state where they can legitimately replace manual counters and re-

move  a  large  burden  from  conservation  organisations.  The  further 

great advantage of automated image processing is that it will allow 

us to leverage emerging image collection technologies, such as un-

manned  aerial  vehicles,  satellite  platforms  or  fixed  camera  traps; 

coupling  these  advances  in  image  collection  tools  with  automated 

processing  will  greatly  increase  the  accuracy  of  population  esti-

mates.	As	we	move	towards	fully	automated	wildlife	counts,	it	only	

remains  to  ensure  the  availability  of  sufficient  training  data  that  is 

representative of all potential survey images. This can be achieved 

by combining state- of- the- art deep learning methods with validated 

crowd- sourced training data.

An	automated	wildebeest	image	count	will	not	only	be	a	signifi-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The study utilizes two main methods for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline: citizen science and deep learning methods. Citizen science involves using the online platform Zooniverse to collect multiple non-expert counts by citizen scientists. These counts are then filtered and aggregated into a single count for each survey image. On the other hand, the deep learning method employs a bespoke deep learning technique through the use of a convolutional neural network. Raw count data from both methods are made publicly available on Enlighten: Research Data and source code is accessible from Zenodo. It is worth noting that the greatest challenge for implementing these algorithms for bespoke applications is obtaining sufficiently large training datasets. However, citizen scientists have a clear role to play in addressing this challenge.