Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Dataset

Deep learning approaches require a vast amount of examples to
perform well, otherwise the models can overﬁt to the data. For ex-
ample, COCO (common objects in context) dataset has more than
330,000 of images (Lin et al., 2014). Under those circumstances, it is
essential to build our own dataset due to the lack of previous in-
formation. In this section, we present the methodology that we follow
to build our dataset coupled with an analysis of it.

3.1. Case of study

The Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley is located in the south of Mexico,
between the states of Puebla and Oaxaca. The center of the area is lo-
cated at 18.1605° latitude and −97.4202° longitude (decimal degrees)
and covers an area of 10,000 km2. See Fig. 2. Its arid condition is due to
natural walls that surround it, by east the east mountain chain (sierra

Training a neural network requires to set several hyper-parameters
such as the learning rate, number of epochs and batch size. The learning
rate is a special one since it deﬁnes how much the weights are ‘moved’
to decrease the loss. A bigger one could cause the network not to learn,
on the other hand, a smaller one could require much more steps for
learning. To decrease this issue, we train the network with Adam op-
timizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015), a variant of the stochastic gradient
optimization where the learning rate is adjusted automatically. The rest
of the parameters are set empirically, more details are presented in the
experiments section.

5. Experiments

In this section, we present the experimental characterization of the
proposed approach. The implemented network was trained with Adam
optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015) on a Inter Core i7 machine with
NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. The hyperparameters were set as follows:
learning rate 0.01, number of epochs 150, batch size 2500.

Ecological Informatics 52 (2019) 131–138

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Columnar cactus recognition in aerial images using a deep learning
approach
Efren López-Jiménezb, Juan Irving Vasquez-Gomeza,b,⁎
Juan Carlos Herrera-Lozadab, Abril Valeria Uriarte-Arciab

, Miguel Angel Sanchez-Acevedoc,

T

a Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología (CONACYT), Ciudad de México, Mexico
b Instituto Politécnico Nacional (IPN), CIDETEC, Ciudad de México, Mexico
c Universidad de la Cañada (UNCA), Teotitlán, Oaxaca, Mexico

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Deep learning
Cactus
Arid land
Environmental conservation
Drones

tion. With the modiﬁed images a CNN was trained to classify three
diﬀerent legume species: white bean, red bean and soybean. A relevant
approach for deep learning is a form of transfer learning. It is well
known that deep learning networks need large amounts of data to be
trained, this has led to the use of pre-trained networks that are latter
ﬁne-tuned with speciﬁc data of the addressed problem. The aim is to
take advantage of the knowledge learned from one problem to apply it
to another closely related problem. In (Ghazi et al., 2017), three re-
cognized deep learning architectures, namely GoogLeNet, AlexNet, and
VGGNet, were used to identify the plant species captured in a photo-
graph. The authors studied the impact of critical factors (iteration size,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information provided about the location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline used in the paper. Therefore, I cannot provide the exact link or name of the repository. However, it is common practice for researchers to share their code and datasets publicly, often through platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. You may want to check these platforms or contact the authors directly to request access to the code repository.