Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. on the other hand, a practically reasonable pipeline for recognition
can be achieved despite the problem specification challenges, using a
careful examination of different factors, such as pose handling, while
bearing some surprises to the Computer Vision community, e.g., the
advantage of a feature-extraction enhancement (avoiding data
augmentation) over using augmentation techniques.

Preprocessing the input instead of relying on data augmentation is a
preferred way with significantly better results, seemingly by-passing the
difficulty of the Siamese network to learn similarity in the presence of so
few examples. It could be, however, that there is still a better way to by-
pass this difficulty but also exploit the power of augmentations.

CRediT authorship contribution statement

performance of a fine-tuned Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and
showed that the CNN outperforms the traditional classification methods.
Salman et al., (2016) compared traditional classification methods such
as SVM, k-Nearest Neighbours (K(cid:0) NN), and Sparse Representation
Classifier with CNN. They achieve an average classification rate of more
than 90% on the LifeCLEF14 (Joly et al., 2014) and LifeCLEF15 (Joly
et al., 2015) fish datasets using CNN and generally a significantly lower
rate using the traditional methods. Siddiqui et al., (2017) reaches clas-
sification accuracy of 94.3% performance on fish species classification
using a very deep CNN with a cross-layer pooling approach for enhanced
discriminative ability to handle the limited labeled training data prob-
lem. Nepovinnykh et al., (2018) examine two methods of Saimaa ringed
seal identification based on transfer learning: retraining of an existing
convolutional neural network (CNN) versus using the CNN trained for

The training set included 21 different individuals (classes) each
having 4 different 320 × 320 pixels images. The test size included 99
other labeled images of the individuals that appeared in the training set.
Images of both training and test sizes varied in their poses and other
image characteristics, such as contrast, brightness, etc. The initial ex-
periments referred to the following issues to be decided for the chosen
framework:

1. Architecture: We examined two Siamese architectures versions
based on the work of (Koch et al., 2015), since Siamese networks that
learn a similarity function are a better choice for learning with a
small example set.13 The two architectures have either 2 or 4
convolution layers with Relu activations and Contrastive Loss (CoL)
as a loss function. The implementations are taken from the open
sources of Choi, (2020); Siyah, (2020).

By Pedersen et al., (2019), current state-of-the-art marine vision
systems are based on CNNs, which in nature require a relatively large
amount of varied training data. Therefore, Pedersen et al., (2019) pre-
sent the Brackish Dataset publicly available underwater dataset, con-
taining bounding box annotated sequences of images containing big fish,
small fish, starfish, shrimps, jellyfish, and crabs captured in a brackish
strait with varying visibility. For having a future-reference baseline
performance, the YOLOv2 and YOLOv3 CNNs were fine-tuned and
tested on the Brackish Dataset. These systems, however, support a
detection process rather than a recognition or identification process,
that is required in our problem setting.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Two datasets mentioned in the given context are LifeCLEF14 and LifeCLEF15 fish datasets. Salman et al., (2016) used these datasets to compare traditional classification methods such as SVM, K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN), and Sparse Representation Classifier with CNN. They achieved an average classification rate of more than 90% on these datasets using CNN. Another dataset mentioned is the Brackish Dataset, presented by Pedersen et al., (2019). This dataset contains bounding box annotated sequences of images containing various marine creatures like big fish, small fish, starfish, shrimps, jellyfish, and crabs. This dataset was used to fine-tune and test the YOLOv2 and YOLOv3 CNNs. However, it should be noted that these systems support a detection process rather than a recognition or identification process, which is required in the problem setting discussed in the context.