Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

With  respect  to  interpretability,  when  using  RF,  it  is  possible  to 
obtain variable importance. However in this case, this will tell us which 
previous  steps  were  most  important  when  predicting  outbreaks,  not 
necessarily  how  they  relate  to  its  occurrence.  When  using  LSTM  and 
DNN,  which  are  commonly  referred  to  as  ‘black-box’  methods  (Liang 
et al., 2021), it is even more challenging to find explainable frameworks 
that allow us to study the relationship between the predictors and the 
outbreaks. However, each hyperparameter in the PBP framework pro-
vides a clear interpretation, and we are able to create visual represen-
tations  of  the  patterns  that  occurred  before  the  outbreak  (the  P′
means 
matrix).  For  instance,  Fig.  7  displays  the  three  patterns  in  P′
means  ob-
tained from employing PBP using the optimised hyperparameter values 
for the aphid data using 50% of the time series for training.

with 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, and 3 neurons 
each, all using the rectified linear unit (ReLU) activation function; for 
the output layer we used the sigmoid activation function. We used the 
LSTM method by adding a long short term memory block on the DNN’s 
architecture  previously  described.  The  implementation  of  the  classifi-
cation methods was carried out in Python using the libraries TensorFlow 
and Scikit-learn (Van Rossum and Drake Jr, 1995). Finally, we obtained 
the accuracy, true positive rate and false positive rate using the afore-
mentioned training-test splits of the time series.

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022208

base  and α and obtain d*

pred  for each row of P′

association metric between xnew  and each row of P′

means;  

8.  If the computed association coefficient is greater than or equal to the 
value of d*
means, predict that a new 
event will occur at the next time step; predict that it will not occur, 
otherwise. 

pred  associated with that row of P′

(4) 

A schematic diagram of this process is represented in Fig. 3. 

2.2. Choosing m, d*

cluster, d*

base  and α via cross-validation 

We propose the use of k-fold cross-validation to choose the values of 
cluster and α, such that the accuracy of the method is optimised. Here, 

m, d*

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022203G.R. Palma et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To ensure the generalizability of their deep learning models, including the Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) and Deep Neural Network (DNN), the authors employed several strategies. Firstly, they utilized diverse datasets consisting of various features related to environmental conditions and pest populations. This allowed them to capture different aspects of the problem and improve the robustness of their models.

Secondly, the authors implemented cross-validation techniques to evaluate the performance of their models. Specifically, they proposed using k-fold cross-validation to select optimal values for parameters like cluster and alpha, aiming to maximize the accuracy of their method. Cross-validation helps prevent overfitting and provides a better estimate of the model's ability to generalize to unseen data.

Lastly, while not explicitly mentioned in the given context, stratified sampling could have been applied during the train-test split of the time series data. Stratification ensures that both the training and testing sets maintain similar distributions of target classes, further improving the reliability of the evaluation results.

Overall, these measures contribute to enhancing the generalizability of the deep learning models presented in the paper.