Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4 https://github.com/HKathman/pam_annotation_experiments
5 https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET-Analyzer/tree/main/checkpoints/V2.4
6 https://tfhub.dev/google/vggish/1
7 https://tfhub.dev/google/yamnet/1
8 tensorflow.keras.applications.vgg16.VGG16(weights=’imagenet’).
9 tensorflow.keras.applications.resnet_v2.ResNet152V2

(weights=’imagenet’).

Fig. 4. UMAP plots for different embedding layers of different embedding
models for AnuraSet. For UMAP generation, we randomly select 5000 samples
and discard all samples that are aligned to more than one class. Colors and
shapes indicate the 10 classes with the highest occurrence frequency. Layers are
numbered according to their distance from the classification layer, e.g. ‘Bird-
Net-1’ is the last layer before the classification layer of the BirdNet model.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027105H. Kath et al.

evaluation was done on focal and citizen-science datasets. Swaminathan
et al. (2024) extend the observation to attention-based architectures pre-
trained on human speech. Lauha et al. (2022) show that transfer
learning can be helpful also for small networks trained from scratch on
small, targeted datasets gathered from online resources such as Mac-
aulay Library2 (as opposed to foundation models trained on large
datasets). While the works cited above evaluate transfer learning models
based on classification performance, McGinn et al. (2023) take a
different approach and investigate the topology of fine grained, sub-
species sound events in the embedding space afforded by BirdNet;
they find that different call types of a same species (e.g., drumming
versus vocalization) form distinct clusters, and that the vicinity of each

both the target modality and the domain, yields the best performance as
a feature embedding model. Using BirdNet-1 as the embedding model,
active learning sample selection strategies significantly reduce the
required for annotation to achieve model
number of
convergence.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027102H. Kath et al.

Fig. 1. Workflow for annotating passive acoustic monitoring datasets,
comparing the conventional approach (left) with the proposed approach (right).
We compare the transfer learning models BirdNet, VGGish, YAMNet, VGG16
and ResNet152-V2 for generating data representations. As active learning
method we select uncertainty methods, diversity methods, adaptive methods
and combinations of those.

different accuracy metrics (namely precision and recall) and discuss
their practical implications.

2. Methods

2.1. Datasets

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not provide details about which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The sources only mention various GitHub repositories, TensorFlow libraries, and other related tools but do not explicitly state whether platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud were utilized for deployment. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact platform based solely on this information.