Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

3.3. Experimental setup 

The system configuration used for training and experiments of the 
proposed model is given in Table 2. The proposed model EMViT-Net uses 
a kernel of size 3 and strides with size 1 for feature extraction from the 
convolutional  layer  and  generates  enriched  feature  spaces. To  reduce 
the size of extracted feature space max-pooling and average pooling are 
applied to look up the maximum and average value of generated feature 
spaces. To illustrate the point-wise and depth-wise combination of local 
convolutional  features  a  separable  convolutional  parameter-sharing 
attention block is added and batch normalization is applied to ensure 
the stable training and faster convergence of the proposed model. 

3.4. Performance evaluation

Fig. 1. Workflow of the proposed work  

proposed for the classification of environmental microorganisms utiliz-
ing  the  capability  of  CNN  and  MLP  modules.  The  proposed  model  is 
tested on a publicly available dataset of environmental microorganism 
EMDS-6 combining 21 categories of microorganisms using microscopic 
images. Fig. 1. defines the workflow of the proposed framework. 

a separable convolutional parameter-sharing attention block allows the 
model to capture more local and global attention features which enables 
the model to classify different environmental microbes efficiently and 
reduce the complexity. 

a) Environmental  microorganism  images  are  collected  from  the  pub-
licly  available  dataset  EMDS-6  and  divided  into  three  sets  and  a 
training set is used for the training of EMViT-Net.

In this work, a transformer-based network is constructed for the end- 
to-end classification of EMs. Although it has been noticed that ViT itself 
cannot  perform  better  classification  for  categorizing  environmental 
microbes, the combination of ViT with self- attention module and CNN 
achieved the best classification results. The performance of the proposed 
EMViT-Net and different deep-learning models is graphically presented 
in Fig. 8 which presents the validation and test accuracy on unseen data. 
The experimental results demonstrate that the performance ranking of 
all considered deep learning models remains unchanged on the valida-
tion  set  and  test  set.  The  accuracy  ranking  of  the  proposed  network 
EMViT-Net  is  still  first  which  states  that  the  proposed  model  is  more

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there isn't any explicit mention of specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, we can infer that the dataset used for training and testing the proposed model consists of microscopic images of environmental microorganisms. These images were likely labeled according to their respective classes, as the task involves multi-class classification of environmental microbes. Therefore, it can be assumed that some form of image labeling was employed during the data preparation phase. Unfortunately, without further information about the exact nature of these labels or how they were assigned, I cannot provide a more detailed response regarding the specific data annotation techniques utilized in this study.