Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4.2.  Hyperparameters 

Hyperparameter tuning was done manually. As a starting point the 
learning rate was set as low as possible and the number of iterations as 
high as computationally feasible (Hastie et al., 2009). The learning rate, 
which is also called a shrinkage parameter, determines the contribution 
of each tree to the model. The maximum tree depth which reflects the 
degree of interaction in the model is usually low. GBRT performs best 
using fairly shallow trees, so-called tree stumps.

For  the  RI  models  the  same  initial  parameters  were  set  for  the 
analysis of the CS and NW datasets, then a grid search was performed 
on both datasets with a two-part split to give hyperparameters with the 
highest level of accuracy. These were as following: learning rate 0.05 
and maximum tree depth of 4 for both the CS and the NW models. The 
early stopping technique was used to determine when to stop the model 
training  to  avoid  overfitting.  Using  early  stopping  the  number  of 
iterations required until convergence was 120 for CS and 106 for NW. 
Grid search was not required for a three-part splits, and further tuning 
of the parameters was done manually. 

For the RY models, in contrast to the RI models, the best performing 
models (based on MSE) were models with a slow learning rate of 0.005. 
Additionally, the NW model had a very shallow tree (tree depth of 2). 
The number of iterations was kept at 500.

randomly  splitting  all  individual  observations.  This  data  splitting  ap-
proach is generally considered optimum in machine learning as it does 
not  introduce  any  systematic  differences  between  the  test  and  train 
datasets. To perform the RY data splitting, individual observations were 
grouped according to year of capture and years were randomly selected 
for inclusion in the train and test datasets. Although this may produce 
systematic  differences  between  the  test  and  train  datasets,  it  ensures 
that  the  model  is  tested  using  previously  unseen  combinations  of  ex-
planatory  variables  and  is  therefore  a  more  robust  test  of  model  per-
formance in this context.

The  tuned  hyperparameters  of  the  final  models  are  shown  in  

Table 2. 

2.4.3.  GAM modelling of most influential parameters 

The top four most influential variables from the GBRT models (as 
indicated by VI scores) were included in a series of generalised additive 

Table 2 
Tuned model parameters.       

Model 

splits 

Number of iterations 

Learning rate 

Tree depth  

RI CS 
RI CS 
RI NW 
RI NW 
RY CS 
RY NW 

2 
3 
2 
3 
2 
2 

120 
102 
106 
144 
500 
500 

0.05 
0.05 
0.01 
0.05 
0.005 
0.005 

4 
4 
6 
6 
8 
2 

Number of iterations was defined by early stopping. Subsample rate was 0.75% 
in  all  cases.  Parameters  for  2-part  split  were  defined  through  grid  search, 
whereas parameters for 3-part split were tuned manually.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

To monitor the model performance during training, the authors employed the early stopping technique. Early stopping is a form of regularization used to prevent overfitting by halting the training process before it has the chance to converge. In this case, the number of iterations required until convergence was determined using early stopping. For the CS dataset, the number of iterations was 120, while for the NW dataset, it was 106. By implementing early stopping, the authors aimed to ensure that their models did not become too complex or tailored specifically to the training data, thereby improving their ability to generalize well to new, unseen data.