Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• batch 1: visible (red, green, and blue) bands of Sentinel-2 data  
• batch 2: twelve MS bands of Sentinel-2 data  
• batch 3: MS + spectral indices  
• batch 4: MS + spectral features + Sentinel-1 bands  
• batch  5:  MS  + spectral  features  + textural  features  + Sentinel-1 

bands  

• batch  6:  MS  + spectral  features  + textural  features  + Sentinel-1 

bands + DSM

Fig. 2. Visual representation of initial datasets: (a) True color composite (red-green-blue) of Sentinel-2 data; (b) False-color composite (NIR-red-green) of Sentinel-2 
data; (c) RedEdge1-RedEdge2-RedEdge3 color composite of Sentinel-2 data; (d) RedEdge4-SWIR1-SWIR2 color composite of Sentinel-2 data; (e) Sentinel-1 data with 
VV-VH-VV color composite; (f) AW3D30. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

optimizer approach for feature selection and optimizing SVM parameters based on a 
robust system architecture. Neural Comput. Applic. 30 (8), 2355–2369. 
Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), 2014. Country fact sheet on food and 

agriculture policy trends. Socio-Economic Context and Role of Agriculture, Iran. 
https://www.fao.org/family-farming/detail/en/c/880743/.  

Gao, B.C., 1996. NDWI—a normalized difference water index for remote sensing of 
vegetation liquid water from space. Remote Sens. Environ. 58 (3), 257–266. 
Gao, F., Zhang, X., 2021. Mapping crop phenology in near real-time using satellite 

remote sensing: Challenges and opportunities. J. Remote Sens. 

Gola, J., Webel, J., Britz, D., Guitar, A., Staudt, T., Winter, M., Mücklich, F., 2019. 

Objective microstructure classification by support vector machine (SVM) using a 
combination of morphological parameters and textural features for low carbon 
steels. Comput. Mater. Sci. 160, 186–196.

lection, which is a delicate step in the classification process.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, some common data augmentation techniques used in deep learning include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, zooming, and shifting. These techniques help increase the amount of training data available and improve the model's ability to generalize to new data. It is important to note that the choice of data augmentation technique depends on the nature of the problem being solved and the characteristics of the dataset. Therefore, it cannot be determined from the given context what specific data augmentation techniques were used in the deep learning pipeline.