Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

An  issue  with  deep  learning  methods  is  that  it  can  be  difficult  to 
obtain enough ground truth data. Sharma et al. (2017) utilized crowd-
sourcing, involving non-expert users for obtaining manual annotation, 
and demonstrated the efficacy of their method on karyotyping images of 
chromosomes.

ingful outputs. In Fig. 15a, we apply a window with a size corresponding 
to 0.29mm2. Given a set of thin binary filaments, each with a unique ID, 
eq. (1) can be applied to each filament to get its length (Fig. 15b). To 
visualize the network structure, we can consider two diverse represen-
tations (Fig. 15c &  15d). In Fig. 15c, the separated hyphae have been

As  mentioned  in  Section  4.1,  performances  may  be  improved  by 
exploiting machine learning. Specifically, (Guo et al., 2021) extracted 
spherical patches around points of interest in the 3D volumetric images 
and used a deep learning-based model to classify the point of interest: if 
the point of interest was a cross-over point/overlap, the incoming fila-
ments were separated. With respect to the approach proposed in (Guo 
et  al.,  2021),  our  approach  is  similar  for  hierarchically  starting  by 
creating an overview and then locally analyzing the points of interest. 
Meanwhile, (Guo et al., 2021) analyzes all potential points of interest by 
considering a patch with a fixed radius, which may be advantageous in 
3D thanks to the volumetric information. We locally analyze the points 
of  interest  considering  their  respective  filament  angles  in  order  to  be 
able to identify overlaps with geometrical branch points far from each

In Vidal-Diez de Ulzurrun et al. (2019), two parameters, the binar-
ization thresholds τ1  and τ2, had to be tuned, and in Wang et al. (2019) 
the parameter κ, used for adjusting the threshold, was fine-tuned. On the 
contrary, with our technique, the only parameters needed to be tuned 
are  directly related to the scale  of the objects of  interest, making the 
tuning more intuitive for our specific application. A future perspective is 
to find an ideal relation between these parameters and the image scale 
(automatically estimated from (2.2)) and the species (usually known) to 
obtain a fully automated procedure. In this study, this is not addressed 
due to the lack of diverse images with known scales. 

Although  an  exhaustive  study  of  the  algorithm’s  performance  in 
ridge detection benchmarks was not conducted, the results suggest that 
the proposed detection algorithm performs on par with the state-of-the-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide explicit details about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as learning rate or optimizer. However, it mentions that Guo et al. (2021) used a deep learning-based model to classify points of interest in 3D volumetric images. Additionally, it discusses how certain parameters like binarization thresholds τ1 and τ2 in Vidal-Diez de Ulzurrun et al. (2019) and the parameter κ in Wang et al. (2019) need to be tuned. It also states that in contrast, the proposed technique requires tuning parameters related to the scale of the objects of interest, making the process more intuitive. Unfortunately, without further information, I cannot specify the exact hyperparameters used in the deep learning models discussed in the context.