Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Chistopolova, M.D., Sorokin, P.A., Dobrynin, D.V., Sukhova, O.V., Poyarkov, A.D., 
Dronova, N.A., Trepet, S.A., 2019. Study and Monitoring of Big Cats in Russia. KMK 
Scientific Press, Moscow.  

Salvador, S., Chan, P., 2004. Determining the number of clusters/segments in 

hierarchical clustering/segmentation algorithms. In: In 16th IEEE International 
Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence. IEEE, pp. 576–584. 

Sharma, S., Jhala, Y., Sawarkar, V.B., 2005. Identification of individual tigers (Panthera 
tigris) from their pugmarks. J. Zool. 2005 (267), 9. https://doi.org/10.1017/ 
S0952836905007119. 

Singh, L.A.K., 1999. Tracking Tigers: Guidelines for Estimating Wild Tiger Populations 
Using the Pugmark Technique. World Wide Fund for Nature–India, New Delhi.  
Sunquist, M., Sunquist, F., 2002. Wild Cats of the World. University of Chicago Press, 

Chicago.

The equipment required for the implementation of FIT is minimal. A 
basic digital camera (e,g. a Sony CyberShot) or smartphone can capture 
data at a minimum recommended 1600 × 1200 pixels. A metric scale is 
required. Images can be stored on an external or cloud-based drive. A 
standard home-office laptop computer can run the required analyses. In 
areas where human resources are already deployed for monitoring at- 
risk species (eg anti-poaching or community-outreach), data collection 
can be integrated at very little extra cost. In areas where this is not the 
case,  salaries  for  data  collectors  are  required  for  fieldwork,  but  this 
comes with the benefits of community capacity-building. The costs of 
implementing camera-trap or eDNA survey for low density populations 
may be considerably higher but will vary greatly depending on the area 
to be surveyed and local costs. Jewell et al. (2020) offered a qualitative

3.4. Algorithm training using data from captive Amur tigers 

A  classification  dendrogram  was  generated  using  the  FIT  pairwise 
comparison model for 44 trails from captive Amur tigers (Supplemen-
tary Fig. 3). The process was iterated multiple times by altering elements 
within  the  model  to  generate  the  fewest  misclassifications  (Li  et  al., 
2018). The final classification model correctly predicted 44 tigers giving 
100%  accuracy.  This  algorithm  was  then  used  to  classify  the  free- 

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)1019475S.K. Alibhai et al.

Trails  were  collected  from  free-ranging  Amur  tiger,  of  unknown 
identity, at the study sites. Table 2 reports the trail ID collected for each 
trail. As described above (Section 3.1) sub-trails were formed where >10 
footprints existed in any one trail. For example, the table indicates that 
using the 25 left hind footprints from trail MW09, we were able to derive 
four sub-trails. Section 3.5 below explains how the sex classification for 
images and the resulting designations for each trail were made. 

3.3. Data validation to determine the optimal size for algorithm training 
and test sets

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in the given context is for classification. Specifically, it is used to classify images of tiger footprints (also known as trails) to identify individual tigers based on their unique characteristics. The model uses a pairwise comparison approach within the FIT framework to create a classification dendrogram. The goal is to minimize misclassifications and achieve high accuracy in identifying individual tigers. The model has been trained using data from captive Amur tigers and tested on trails collected from free-ranging Amur tigers of unknown identity.