Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

sponses  and  open-ended  queries  to  get  insight  into  the  best  way  the 
monitoring program can bring value to the dive community. Responses 
were compiled  and data was used to calculate the average SUS score 
(Kumar, 2020).

Schaefer reports financial support was provided by Regional Agency for 
the Development of Research Technology and Innovation. Rodrigo Silva 
reports  financial  support  was  provided  by  Regional  Agency  for  the 
Development of Research Technology and Innovation. Francesca Gizzi 
reports  financial  support  was  provided  by  Regional  Agency  for  the 
Development  of  Research  Technology  and  Innovation.  Silvia  Almeida 
reports financial support was provided by Foundation for Science and 
Technology. Sonia KM Gueroun reports financial support was provided

of standardisation, by focusing on the frequency and abundance of specific taxa, while retaining a recreational 
dive  plan.  Additionally,  the  app  also  collects  metadata  on  location,  number  of  dives  and  number  of  divers 
enabling normalisation based on “sampling effort”. In this pilot study, the use of the app was tested to compile 
information on the frequency and abundance of 18 marine taxa selected by local experts based on their con-
servation  status,  commercial  interest,  ecological  function  and/or  their  non-indigenous  origin.  Additionally,  a 
question-based survey was conducted to assess the opinion of users on the app’s usability and the potential value 
for the diving community/industry, showcasing a high usability score and interest among users. Basic statistical 
analysis of the data crowdsourced over the 1-month trial illustrates the potential and value of regional moni-

Overall  results  (Fig.  1)  show  that  respondents  largely  agree  with 
positive  statements  about  the  monitoring  program  and  the  app  (odd- 
numbered  questions)  and  largely  disagree  with  negative  ones  (even- 
numbered  questions).  The  most  positive  feedback  was  received  on 
questions regarding app simplicity, recognition of the monitored species 
and  the  program  bringing  value  to  the  diving  community.  The  least 
positive feedback was regarding the timing and effort spent on post-dive 
interviews and data collection (Fig. 1). Additionally, we compiled and 
ranked common responses to the final open question regarding how the 
monitoring program could best contribute to the dive centre (Table S5 in 
Supplementary Material). Most commonly mentioned suggestions were: 
to include additional and/or more emblematic species on the taxa list 
(40%); to complement the monitoring program and app with a website

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given information does not provide any details about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is impossible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform or any other platform was used for deployment.