Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1. Classification validation results 

The  kappa  value  from  comparing  Daniel  Sarna-Wojcicki  (DSW)’s 
ground truth validation points with M.V. Eitzel (MVE)’s 2020 classifi-
cation  was  0.84  (confidence  interval:  0.82,0.86) and  from  comparing 
with Sean Hogan (SH)’s 2020 classification was 0.74 (0.71,0.76), which 
is consistent with a collaborator who worked more independently. Based 
on  Jensen  (2005),  kappa  >80%  indicates  strong  agreement,  and 
40–80% indicates moderate agreement.

Finally, even if uncertainty can be quantified in all stages of analysis, 
which  we  attempted  to  do  (see  Appendix  B),  a  method  needs  to  be 
developed to incorporate all these sources of uncertainty into the final 
result (Comber et al., 2012). In the end, it was only possible to quali-
tatively  connect  our  results  back  to  ground  truthing  data.  This  was 
enough for our purposes but future work may be able to improve on the 
accuracy of the analysis as well as the propagation of uncertainty. 

Fig. 6. Much slower recovery from mining between A) 1944 and B) 2020. See 
supplementary materials for a time-lapse video of images over time. 

4.2. Potential improvements for mixed-methods analytical historical 
ecology 

changes in ecosystem response to different management actions, land 
use  patterns,  and  disturbances  such  as  fires,  floods  and  droughts  has 
helped to support ecocultural restoration goals.

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Lisa  Morehead-Hillman:  Investigation, 
Resources, Validation, Writing – review & editing. Frank Lake: Inves-
tigation,  Resources,  Validation,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  Vikki 
Preston:  Investigation,  Resources,  Validation,  Writing  –  review  & 
editing.  Chook-Chook  Hillman:  Investigation,  Resources,  Validation, 
Writing –  review &  editing. Andy Lyons: Conceptualization, Method-
ology, Writing – review & editing. Bill Tripp: Investigation, Resources, 
Validation, Writing – review & editing.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about the criteria used to determine when training is completed, including whether or not validation loss plateaus were used. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based solely on this context.