Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

REFERENCES 

[1] F. Melgani and L. Bruzzone, "Classification of hyperspectral remote
sensing images with support vector machines," IEEE Transactions on
geoscience and remote sensing, vol. 42, pp. 1778-1790, 2004. 
J. Ham, Y. Chen, M. M. Crawford, and J. Ghosh, "Investigation of the 
random  forest  framework  for  classification  of  hyperspectral  data,"
IEEE  Transactions  on  Geoscience  and  Remote  Sensing,  vol.  43,  pp.
492-501, 2005. 

[2]

[3] Y. Dian, Z. Li, and Y. Pang, "Spectral and texture features combined
for  forest  tree  species  classification  with  airborne  hyperspectral
imagery," Journal of the Indian Society of Remote Sensing, vol. 43, pp. 
101-107, 2015. 

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on August 29,2024 at 07:36:45 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
7129

On the other hand, since the powerful feature extraction 
capabilities, the deep learning methods have succeed in many 
fields,  such  as  computer  vision  and  natural  language 
processing. In recently, the deep learning based methods have 
also  been  used  to  solve  the  HSI  classification  task  and 
achieved remarkable achievements. Among the deep learning 
methods,  the  Convolutional  Neural  Networks  (CNNs)  are 
most widely explored to solve the HSI classification task. Hu 
et  al.  [4]  designed  a  one-dimensional  convolutional  neural 
network(1-D-CNN) for classification according to the spectral 
feature  of  HSI.  Due  to  the  insufficient  training  data,  the 
designed  1-D-CNN  just  includes  a  convolution  operation,  a 
pooling operation and a fully connected operation. Although 
the structure of  designed 1-D-CNN is simple, it achieved a 
satisfactory  classification  performance.  The  classification

Keywords—forest species classification, convolutional neural 
network  (CNN),  unmanned  aerial  vehicle(UAV),  hyperspectral 
image(HSI) 

I.  INTRODUCTION

Forest Species Classification of UAV Hyperspectral 
Image Using Deep Learning

1st Jing Liang  
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
liangjing@zzu.edu.cn 

4th Lu Han 
School of Pharmaceutical Sciences 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
1315309920@qq.com 

2nd Pengshuai Li 
School of Electrical Engineering 
Zhengzhou University  
Zhengzhou, China 
lps_lipengshuai@yeah.net 

5th Mingliang Qu 
PowerChina HeNan Engineering 
CO.,LTD  
Zhengzhou, China 
6083308@qq.com

3rd Hui Zhao* 
Henan Academy of Forestry 
Engineering Research Center of UAV 
for Forestry of Henan Province  
Zhengzhou, China 
vilber@163.com

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, including managing random seed values. However, some common strategies to manage randomness include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, using techniques like cross-validation or bootstrapping to estimate model variability, and employing ensemble methods to average out the effects of randomness. These strategies help ensure consistent results and improve the robustness of models when dealing with random processes inherent in deep learning pipelines.