Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

networks for visual recognition. IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 37, 
1904–1916. 

He, K., Zhang, X., Ren, S., Sun, J., 2016. Deep residual learning for image recognition. In: 
2016 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), Las 
Vegas, NV, USA, pp. 770–778. https://doi.org/10.1109/CVPR.2016.90. 

Hosang, J., Benenson, R., Schiele, B., 2017. Learning non-maximum suppression. arXiv. 
Hu, J., Shen, L., Albanie, S., et al., 2019. Squeeze-and-excitation networks, arXiv: 

1709.01507v4 [cs.CV] 16 May 2019. 

Khalajzadeh, H., Manthouri, M., Teshnehlab, M., 2014. Face recognition using 

convolutional neural network and simple logistics classifier. Adv. Intell. Syst. Comp. 
223, 197–207. 

K¨orschens, M., Denzler, J., 2019. ELPephants: A fine-grained Dataset for elephant re- 
identification. In: 2019 IEEE/CVF international conference on computer vision 
workshop (ICCVW), pp. 263–270.

In recent years, it has been observed that deep learning methods can 
be trained with close to zero training error efficiently. The number of 
convolutional and dense layers directly affects the runtime of the model 
(Bienstock et al., 2023). The running time of a DL model increases in 
polynomial-terms with the increased number of associated layers. But 
with the effort of achieving zero error, there are possibilities of over-
training and biased training. To avoid these situations, a restrictive and 
gradually increasing training cycle and accuracy calculation approach 
has  been  adopted.  Based  on  mean  square  error  (MSE),  the  optimal 
training state for the model has been obtained. 

4.1. Performance metrics used to evaluate the model

In  order  to  determine  more  accurate  training  results  and  also  to 
explore the effect of epoch upon training result, apart from 150 epochs, 
the model with attention layer is trained with epoch values 100, 200, 
and  250  under  a  uniform  training  environment  and  with  the  same 
dataset.  The  training  summary  for  each  of  these  epochs  is  shown  in 
Tables 5, 6 and 7 for epochs 100, 200, and 250, respectively. The trends 
of mAP values with increasing epochs are shown in Figs. 14 and Fig. 15. 
The size of the dataset used for custom training is sufficiently large. 
Further, the DL model used in this work is tuned with optimized hyper 
parameters  for  which  overfitting  and  under  fitting  situations  are  pre-
vented from occurring. As mentioned above, the effort to over-train the 
model has been avoided and graded MSE convergence (Figs. 7 to 11) has 
been  adopted  to  fine-tune  the  model.  Results  obtained  for  different

Bhagabati  and  Sarma  (2016)  highlighted  various  object  detection 
techniques  using  video  input.  Arshad  (2021)  has  reported  the  use  of 
various  CNN  models  in  object  detection.  The  use  of  deep  neural  net-
works (DNN) for object recognition is reported by Taskiran et al. (2020). 
Various AI-based techniques for animal detection are described in the 
literature.  A  CNN  model  was  developed  by  Loos  et  al.,  2011  for  re- 
identifying great apes and later modified by Loos and Ernst (2013) to 
recognize  chimpanzees.  Recently,  Tuia  et  al.  (2022)  have  studied the 
problems of conventional animal monitoring and the perspective of ML 
approaches  for  wildlife  conservation.  A  number  of  performance  im-
provements and adopting solutions based on ML and sensors are high-
lighted in their work. The method of elephant recognition with classical 
computer vision  methods has been discussed in the work of Ardovini

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the primary focus is on visual recognition tasks, specifically face recognition and elephant identification. This suggests that the main data format used in the deep learning pipeline is images. However, the context does not explicitly mention other data formats such as audio, video, or CSV files. Therefore, while we cannot definitively rule out the possibility of those formats being used elsewhere in the pipeline, the information provided indicates that images are the predominant data format utilized in this case.