Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: wetlands; Sentinel-1; Sentinel-2; Google Earth Engine; remote sensing; Alberta;
segmentation convolutional neural nets; XGBoost; land cover; SAR; machine learning

1. Introduction

Machine learning—a method where a computer discovers rules to execute a data processing
task, given training examples—can generally be divided into two categories: Shallow learning and
deep learning methods [1]. Deep learning uses many successive layered representations of data
(i.e., hundreds of convolutions/ﬁlters), while shallow learning typically uses one or two layered
representations of the data [1]. Deep learning has shown great promise for tackling many tasks such as
image recognition, natural language processing, speech recognition, superhuman Go playing, and
autonomous driving [1–3].

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2; doi:10.3390/rs12010002

www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing

The segmentation convolutional neural network was implemented in the Python programming
language using the Keras [79] deep learning library. The speciﬁc architecture used was a U-Net CNN,
which was originally developed for biomedical image segmentation [22]. The U-Net architecture
is based on a fully convolutional network and was used since it typically requires fewer training
patches and is able to train in a reasonable time [22]. A sample of the U-Net architecture can be seen in
Appendix B. The inputs used by our CNN model were: ARI, Band 2, Band 3, Band 4, DEM, NDVI,
Normalized Diﬀerence Water Index (NDWI), Plant Senescence Reﬂectance Index (PSRI), REIP, TPI,
Topographic Roughness Index (TRI), TWI, VBF, VH (Table 1). Note that these inputs were diﬀerent
from the XGB model, because diﬀerent inputs are needed to best optimize deep learning models. We

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2

8 of 20

The shallow learning classiﬁcation model was done with the XGBoost algorithm [75]. XGBoost
was used since it has been shown to be one of the better performing shallow learning models in
machine learning competitions [1], although it has limited use in remote sensing literature. It has been
the most popular shallow learning algorithm in Kaggle competitions since 2014 [1]. Early work on this
project showed XGB models slightly out performing random forest and boosted regression tree models.
We used the xgboost package [75] in R Statistical software [76]. The inputs into the XGBoost model
were: Anthocyanin Reﬂectance Index (ARI), delta Normalized Diﬀerence Vegetation Index fall–spring
(dNDVI), POLr, Red Edge Inﬂection Point (REIP), Topographic Position Index (TPI), Topographic
Wetness Index (TWI), Multi Resolution Index of Valley Bottom Flatness (VBF), VH, dVH (Table 1).
These inputs were the indices shown to be important for wetland class mapping, while also having low

Abstract: Advances in machine learning have changed many ﬁelds of study and it has also drawn
attention in a variety of remote sensing applications. In particular, deep convolutional neural networks
(CNNs) have proven very useful in ﬁelds such as image recognition; however, the use of CNNs
in large-scale remote sensing landcover classiﬁcations still needs further investigation. We set out
to test CNN-based landcover classiﬁcation against a more conventional XGBoost shallow learning
algorithm for mapping a notoriously diﬃcult group of landcover classes, wetland class as deﬁned by
the Canadian Wetland Classiﬁcation System. We developed two wetland inventory style products for
a large (397,958 km2) area in the Boreal Forest region of Alberta, Canada, using Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2,
and ALOS DEM data acquired in Google Earth Engine. We then tested the accuracy of these two
products against three validation data sets (two photo-interpreted and one ﬁeld). The CNN-generated

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this context is segmentation. Specifically, the authors implemented a segmentation convolutional neural network (CNN) using the U-Net architecture, which was originally developed for biomedical image segmentation. This type of model is designed to identify and delineate specific features within images, rather than simply classifying entire images or detecting objects within them. In this case, the goal was to map wetland classes defined by the Canadian Wetland Classification System across a large area in the boreal forest region of Alberta, Canada, using satellite imagery from Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2, and ALOS DEM data acquired through Google Earth Engine. To accomplish this, the authors trained their CNN model using various input variables related to vegetation, topography, and soil moisture, including ARI, band 2, band 3, band 4, DEM, NDVI, NDWI, PSRI, REIP, TPI, TRI, TWI, VBF, and VH. They then compared the performance of their CNN-based approach to a more traditional shallow learning algorithm called XGBoost, which had previously been shown to perform well in machine learning competitions but had limited application in remote sensing literature. Overall, the authors sought to demonstrate the potential benefits of using deep learning techniques like CNNs for large-scale land cover classification tasks in remote sensing.