Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024324S. Meerdink et al.

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024327S. Meerdink et al.

ping Project training locations. The buffer radius varied between remote 
sensing image sources to accommodate differences in pixel resolutions. 
The  buffer  radius  was  set  to  the  image’s  spatial  resolution,  so  NAIP 
imagery used a 1-m buffer, RapidEye used a 5-m buffer, and Landsat 
used a 30-m buffer. Using the buffer polygons, pixels’ spectral data were 
extracted from the imagery. These pixels within a single buffer polygon 
were grouped into a bag. The bag was labeled positive if the data point 
had Brazilian peppertree at any abundance level.

Invasive species remain a challenging and costly problem (Crystal- 
Ornelas  et al., 2021; Hiatt et al., 2019), and  long-term monitoring  of 
invasions  can  provide  valuable  ecological  information  to  guide  man-
agement decisions (Blossey, 1999). Remote sensing may be the ideal tool 
to  fill  this  need  by  providing  accurate  and  affordable  repeat  imagery 
(Bradley, 2014). However, training datasets can be riddled with vari-
ability  or  errors  that  complicate  training  of  machine-learning  ap-
proaches. Here, we showed that a multiple-instance learning algorithm, 
which allows for variability or imprecision in the training dataset, can 
detect a highly problematic invasive plant species using multispectral 
airborne and satellite imagery. Using Brazilian peppertree in the Ever-
glades  National  Park,  we  showcased  that  an  invader  can  be  detected 
with >70% accuracy using NAIP, RapidEye, and Landsat 8 imagery. This

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of which specific cloud platform (such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform) was utilized to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined based solely on the provided text.