Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

binary classification problem. Our CNNFULL consisted of three convolution and max pooling
layers, followed by one fully connected layer (see Supplementary Information Methods for fur-
ther details). We halved the size of the input spectrogram to reduce the input dimensionality
to the CNN which resulted in an input array of size of 130 frequency bins by 20 time steps, cor-
responding to a fixed length, detection window size of 23ms. We applied the CNN in a sliding
window fashion, to predict the presence of a search-phase bat call at every instance of time in
the spectrogram (Fig 1D). As passive acoustic monitoring can generate large quantities of data,
we required a detection algorithm that would run faster than real time. While CNNs produce
state of the art results for many tasks, naïve application of them for detection problems at test
time can be extremely computationally inefficient [33]. So, to increase the speed of our system

CNNFULL, CNNFAST, Random Forest, and the Segmentation algorithms took 53, 9.5, 11,
and 17 seconds respectively, to run the full detection pipeline on the 3.2 minutes of full spec-
trum iBats Romania and Bulgaria test dataset. Compared to CNNFULL there was therefore a
significant decrease in the time required to perform detection using CNNFAST, which was also
the fastest of our methods overall. Notably, close to 50% of the CNN runtime was spent gener-
ating the spectrograms for detection, making this the most computationally expensive stage in
the pipeline.

Ecological monitoring application results

Our result that deep learning networks consistently outperformed other baselines, is consis-

precision greater than 0.95 at any recall level. The results for the best performing algorithm are underlined. Details of the test datasets and detection algorithms are given
in the text.

https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005995.t001

The Random Forest baseline performed significantly better than the commercial systems
on the two challenging roadside recorded datasets (Fig 3A and 3B). This is a result of the train-
ing data and the underlying power of the model. However, unlike our CNNs, the simple tree
based model is limited in the complexity of the representations it can learn, which results in
worse performance. For the static Norfolk Bat Survey its performance more closely matches
that of SonoBat, but with improved recall.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not explicitly discuss strategies for handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer based solely on the information given. However, some common strategies used to manage randomness in deep learning pipelines include setting specific seed values for reproducibility, employing techniques like cross-validation or bootstrapping to account for variability, and using ensemble methods to combine multiple models trained with different seeds or initializations.