Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for  continuous  cover 

forestry  or 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025798A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

that are explicitly corrected by NN1 and NN2. This is interesting and 
strategic information prompting future research to continue along these 
lines and to optimise estimators which result in low bias and low rRMSE 
values  by  balancing  the  weights  of  sample  trees  with  those  of  their 
neighbours.

Generally, as expected, the sampling error decreases with increasing 
sample size. The rate of decrease much depends on the forest and the 
diversity index. For example, all estimators show a strong response to 
sample size (indicated by the curvature of the graphs) for diversity index 
M
(Eq. 3 in 
Table 1) in Fig. 3 we can only see a weak response of the five estimators 
to sample size, i.e. the curves are almost horizontal lines. 

in Fig. 4 whilst for indices M

(Eq. 2 in Table 1) and M

′(4)

(4)

(1)

It  was  interesting  to  observe  that  in  both  forests  for  the  same  di-

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025795A. Pommerening and H. Sterba

NN1  and  NN2  estimators  (Pommerening  and  Stoyan,  2006)  are 
generally associated with a low bias, although they were not originally 
designed for relascope sampling. Our results suggest that they can be 
considered safe options, since they are edge-correction methods that are 
more firmly based on statistical theory. Therefore, for indices directly 
related to distances, according to our results the NN2 estimator should 
be used. Unfortunately both NN1 and NN2 estimators have the disad-
vantage  that  they  exclude  the  diversity  index  values  of  some  sample 
trees. Since the number of sample trees per sample point if often small, 
such  exclusions  increase  the  index  variance  and  thus  the  rRMSE  in 
relascope-based  forest  inventories.  Our  simulation  results  highlighted 
that  the  variance  between  sample  plots  constitutes  the  largest  contri-
bution to sampling errors. This variance is likely to increase in forests 
similar  concepts 
managed

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide any direct information about regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline such as dropout or L2 regularization. However, it discusses various aspects related to ecology and forest management, including sampling techniques, diversity indices, and estimation methods like NN1 and NN2. These topics do not seem to be connected to the concept of regularization in machine learning.