Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.3. Pre-processing of imagery

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Segmentation and classiﬁcation strategies in eCognition are still
rapidly evolving; methods and rule sets for automatically selecting
segmentation parameters are under development (Dragut et al.,
2010, 2014; Martha et al., 2012), but there is not yet consensus on
best practices. Better classiﬁcations, which could then better capture
the process of interest, may be possible as these tools develop fur-
ther. Machine learning techniques are being brought together with

M.V. Eitzel et al. / Ecological Informatics 31 (2016) 100–111

109

segmentation to more automatically classify images (Nancy Thomas,
personal communication). This set of approaches with historical im-
agery could become more powerful as new methods are developed.
We do caution that even with machine learning, some supervision
and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or
other data sources are still necessary (Sexton et al., 2015).

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

For each site, we aggregated the data at the raster level to a range
of cell sizes and ﬁt models for each cell size. Das et al. (2011) calcu-
lated a tree's neighborhood, “an area big enough to allow at least
two of the largest trees to interact,” based on allometric equations
for tree species in the Sierra Nevada mixed-conifer forest. They
found that a 9-m radius (18-m diameter) was a reasonable area to
“capture local processes affecting trees both large and small.” As
Douglas-ﬁr is a major component in the densest parts of our sites,
as well as a component in Sierran forests studied in Das et al.
(2011), we used 18 m (rounded to 20 m for raster cell sizes) as a min-
imum linear distance to include neighborhood dynamics. Oak spe-
cies are likely to have larger and more variable crown diameters as
well as wider spacing than Douglas-ﬁr and other conifers found in
the Sierra Nevada (Burns and Honkala, 1990), so scales up to 40 or

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given text does not provide information about the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model. The text discusses segmentation and classification strategies in eCognition, which is a software tool for image analysis, and mentions that machine learning techniques are being combined with segmentation to improve automatic image classification. However, it does not specify whether any particular deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch were employed.