Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

SNN, DNN and CNN models are ﬁtted with the package mxnet: All model
0.03, 0.03), then we
parameters were initialized with a uniform distribution U (
applied a stochastic gradient descent algorithm with a momentum of 0.9, a
batch-size of 50 (batch samples are randomly chosen at each iteration), and an initial
8. The choice of initial learning rate was critical for a good
learning rate of 10−
optimization behavior. A too big learning rate can lead to training loss divergence,

−

190

C. Botella et al.

whereas when it is too small, learning can be very slow. We stopped when the
average slope of the training mean loss had an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100
3. The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for
epochs inferior to 10−
DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).

10.3.5 Evaluation Metrics

10.2.3.2 Models Architecture in This Study

For a given species i, When we know the model parameter θ, we can predict the
parameter of the Poisson distribution of the random response variable yi
N, i.e.
the count of species i, conditionally on its corresponding input x, with the formula :

∈

λm,θ (x)

=

exp(γ T

i aNh,.

m (x, θ ))

(10.6)

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

179

Fig. 10.1 A schematic representation of fully-connected NN architecture. Except writings, image
comes from Michael R

Nielsen2.

∈

R

:=

10.2.4 SDM Based on a Convolutional NN Model

A convolutional NN (CNN) can be seen as a extension of NN that are particularly
suited to deal with certain kind of input data with very large dimensions. They
are of particular interest in modeling species distribution, because they are able to
capture the effect of spatial environmental patterns. Again, we will ﬁrstly describe
the general form of CNN before going to our modeling choices.

2http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com/chap6.html

180

C. Botella et al.

10.2.4.1 General Introduction of CNN Models

∗

∈

R

×

×

256

In the NN models learning, there is still work to be done on quick automated
procedure for tuning optimization hyper-parameters, especially the initial learning
rate, and we are looking for a more suited stopping rule. On the other hand, in the
case of models of species distributions, we can imagine to minimize the number of
not null connections in the network, to make it more interpretable, and introduce an
L1-type penalty on the network parameters. This is a potential important perspective
of future works.

10 A Deep Learning Approach to Species Distribution Modelling

197

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model in this study is not explicitly stated in the provided context. However, based on the information given about the use of Poisson distribution and the prediction of counts of species, it can be inferred that the deep learning model is likely being used for regression or density estimation tasks related to species distribution modelling. Specifically, the goal appears to be to estimate the expected count of a specific species given some input features using a neural network architecture.