Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

accuracy, F1-score, and confusion matrices, among others, to compre-
hensively assess the performance and effectiveness of our model. 

Specifically,  the  use  of  confusion  matrices  will  provide  us  with 
detailed information regarding both correct and incorrect classifications 
made  by  our  model.  This  valuable  insight  will  enable  us  to  identify 
potential  deficiencies  in  classifying  specific  classes  or  categories.  In 
conclusion,  we  will  present  the  evaluation  results  through  the  use  of 
figures  and  numerical  data.  Graphical  visualizations  will  effectively 
portray the performance estimation achievement. 

4. Discussion and results

Rumelhart, David E., Hinton, Geoffrey E., Williams, Ronald J., 1986. Learning 
representations by back-propagating errors. Nature 323 (6088), 533–536. 

Saar-Tsechansky, Maytal, Provost, Foster, 2007. Handling Missing Values when Applying 

Classification Models. 

Sistema integrado de gesti´on de incendios forestales: Informes post-incendio, 2023. 

prevencionincendiosgva.es/Incendios/ 
IncendiosInformesPostIncendioList. Accessed on 24 March. 

Stojanova, Daniela, Panov, Panˇce, Kobler, Andrej, Dˇzeroski, Saˇso, Taˇskova, Katerina, 
2006. Learning to predict forest fires with different data mining techniques. In: 
Conference on Data Mining and Data Warehouses (SiKDD 2006), Ljubljana, Slovenia, 
pp. 255–258. 

Karafyllidis, Ioannis, Thanailakis, Adonios, 1997. A model for predicting forest fire 

Strypsteen, Thomas, Bertrand, Alexander, 2021. End-to-end learnable eeg channel 

spreading using cellular automata. Ecol. Model. 99 (1), 87–97.

Emmanuel, Tlamelo, Maupong, Thabiso, Mpoeleng, Dimane, Semong, Thabo, 

Mphago, Banyatsang, Tabona, Oteng, 2021. A survey on missing data in machine 
learning. J. Big Data 8 (1), 1–37. 

F¨oldi, L´aszl´o, Kuti, Rajmund, 2016. Characteristics of forest fires and their impact on the 

environment. Acad. Appl. Res. Military Public Manag. Sci. 15 (1), 5–17. 

Ganteaume, Anne, Camia, Andrea, Jappiot, Marielle, San-Miguel-Ayanz, Jesus, Long- 
Fournel, Marl`ene, Lampin, Corinne, 2013. A review of the main driving factors of 
forest fire ignition over europe. Environ. Manag. 51, 651–662. 

He, Haibo, Garcia, Edwardo A., 2009. Learning from imbalanced data. IEEE Trans. 

Knowl. Data Eng. 21 (9), 1263–1284. 

Hern´andez Encinas, A., Hern´andez Encinas, L., Hoya White, S., Martín, A., del Rey, and G 
Rodríguez S´anchez., 2007a. Simulation of forest fire fronts using cellular automata. 
Adv. Eng. Softw. 38 (6), 372–378.

data to effectively implement the proposed new strategy. 

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Joan Boters Pitarch: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original 
draft, Software, Methodology, Investigation, Formal analysis, Concep-
tualization.  María  Teresa  Signes  Pont:  Validation,  Supervision,  Re-
sources,  Project  administration.  Julian  Szyma´nski:  Validation, 
Supervision. Higinio Mora Mora: Validation, Supervision. 

Declaration of competing interest 

̃γjF(yi, ̂yi)

=

L˜γ

∑|I|

i∈I

j=0

(9) 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Therefore, to determine the optimal neighbourhood relation Rk, we 
must find the architecture parameters α1, …, αM  that minimize the value 
of L˜γ, i.e. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

α1, …, αM : argminL˜γ  

Acknowledgement

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
After the model training process, several postprocessing steps can be taken to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of the model. These include accuracy, F1-score, and confusion matrices, among others. Specifically, the use of confusion matrices provides detailed information about both correct and incorrect classifications made by the model. This valuable insight enables identifying potential deficiencies in classifying specific classes or categories. The evaluation results are presented through figures and numerical data, where graphical visualizations effectively portray the performance estimation achievements. Additionally, saliency maps may also be used to understand which features contribute most significantly to the predictions made by the model.