Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

in  predicting  means,  SDs  and  finally  population  sizes  based  on  the 
observed data (e.g. Bhattacharya, 1967), thus reducing manual labour to 
a minimum.

identification  of  species.  To  try  to  overcome  this  problem,  species 
identification  based  on  machine  learning  was  introduced  (Jennings 
et al., 2008; Parsons and Jones, 2000; Zamora-Gutierrez et al., 2016).

developers could expand on the code in supplement S1 to implement 
more  predictor  variables  and  write  a  custom  algorithm.  Finally,  the 
classification accuracy of software incorporating an informative prior in 
their algorithm should not be determined through training and testing 
data sets alone. The performance must also be evaluated through the 
number  of  correct  classifications  using  real  world  examples.  Current 
software attempting to ID bats are locked in a vacuum. Bats in the real 
world are not!

When working with multi-genera problems with several predictive 
features, a manual approach would be extremely time consuming and 
not a viable option for most researchers (Russo and Jones, 2002). To 
solve such problems, automation is required. Current algorithms used in 
software  attempting  automated  species  identification  of  bats  assume 
that all study areas are the same in terms of species composition. The 
poor performance of such software (Russo and Voigt, 2016; Rydell et al., 
2017) can probably to a great extent be explained by this feature alone. 
As shown in this study, significant improvements can be made if users 
are  allowed  to  interact  with  algorithms  through  the  introduction  of 
informative priors determined by local conditions. Hence, Bayesian al-
gorithms, with more user control, are likely to significantly increase the 
performance of such software tools in the future. Software could also aid

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it mentions the use of machine learning for species identification (Jennings et al., 2008; Parsons and Jones, 2000; Zamora-Gutierrez et al., 2016) and the need for automation when dealing with multi-genera problems involving multiple predictive features (Russo and Jones, 2002). It also discusses the importance of allowing users to interact with algorithms through informative priors determined by local conditions, which may involve some form of data labeling or annotation. Nevertheless, without further details, it is impossible to determine the exact data annotation techniques employed in these studies.