Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Advancements  in  bathymetry  retrieval  methods  have  led  to  the 
development  of  various  models,  including  linear  or  nonlinear  regres-
sion, logarithmic ratio transformation, and machine learning techniques 
such  as  CART,  RFR, and  SVM (Ashphaq et  al.,  2021; Cahalane et  al., 
2019; Lyzenga, 1978; Lyzenga et al., 2006). Gabr et al. (2020) utilized a 
linear model to estimate bathymetry and confirmed the equivalence of 
Landsat images to high-resolution PlanetScope (3 m) predictions. Sun 
et al. (2021) applied two regression tree models (CART and Cubist) to 
retrieve  coastal  bathymetry  and  analyze  vertical  water  environment 
information.  Zhang  et  al.  (2019)  employed  the  SVR  (support  vector 
regression) model to provide technical support for bathymetry data in 
Arctic waters. However, despite several studies, the application of CART 
and  RFR  models  in  nearshore  turbid  waters  for  bathymetry  has  been

2.2. Data sources and pre-processing 

We acquired GF-6 (WFV) data from the China Centre for Resources 
Satellite Data and Application (http://www.cresda.com/CN/) (Table 1). 
The  GF-6  remote  sensing  data  were  preprocessed,  mainly  including 
radiometric  calibration,  atmospheric  correction,  geometric  correction 
and image cropping.

Saha, T.K., Pal, S., Sarkar, R., 2021. Prediction of wetland area and depth using linear 
regression model and artificial neural network based cellular automata. Ecol. Inform. 
62, 101272. 

Saylam, K., Brown, R.A., Hupp, J.R., 2017. Assessment of depth and turbidity with 

airborne Lidar bathymetry and multiband satellite imagery in shallow water bodies 
of the alaskan north slope. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 58, 191–200. 

Stumpf, R.P., Holderied, K., Sinclair, M., 2003. Determination of water depth with high- 

resolution satellite imagery over variable bottom types. Limnol. Oceanogr. 48 (1, 
part 2), 547–556. 

Sun, M.X., Yu, L.J., Zhang, P., Sun, Q.Q., Jiao, X., Sun, D.F., Lun, F., 2021. Coastal water 
bathymetry for critical zone management using regression tree models from Gaofen- 
6 imagery. Ocean Coast. Manag. 204, 105522.

newly added violet and red-edge2 bands, holds promise to enhance the 
accuracy  of  nearshore  bathymetry  retrieval  and  yield  comprehensive 
water  environment  insights.  In  addition,  water  depth  serves  as  an 
effective  parameter  for  evaluating  water  pollution  conditions  in  the 
absence  of  water  quality  data  (Matsui  and  Kageyama,  2022).  Addi-
tionally, it aids in monitoring underwater fish and marine environment 
(García-Vega et al., 2021; Yoshida et al., 2019).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not explicitly mention any specific data augmentation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotation, scaling, etc. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to this query based on the information available. It is important to note that data augmentation techniques are commonly used in deep learning pipelines to increase the amount of training data by applying random transformations to existing data, thereby improving the generalization performance of the model. These techniques can include flipping, rotating, scaling, translating, shearing, zooming, and more. However, without explicit details about the deep learning pipeline used in the study, I am unable to confirm which specific data augmentation techniques were applied.