Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

a new task with a very limited dataset, usually only 1–5 thumbnails per 
class.

principle of training a Deep Learning algorithm on “how to learn a new classification problem with only few 
images”. In our case-study, we assess the robustness of FSL to discriminate 20 coral reef fish species with a range 
of training databases from 1 image per class to 30 images per class, and compare FSL to a classic DL approach 
with  thousands  of  images  per  class.  We  found  that  FSL  outperform  classic  DL  approach  in  situations  where 
annotated images are limited, yet still providing good classification accuracy.

There are two ways to tackle this problem of lack of data. The first 
one  consists  of  directly  addressing  the  data  itself,  through  data 
augmentation (Van Dyk and Meng, 2012; Wang and Perez, 2017; Wong 
et al., 2016). The second option is to change the classification algorithm. 
Few-shots learning (FSL) algorithms (Fei-fei et al., 2006; Fink, 2005) are 
designed to compute a classification task (query, noted Q) with only a 
few  thumbnails  to  train  (Support  Sets,  noted  SS),  and  it  has  been 
increasingly studied since 2017 (Finn et al., 2017). Few-shots learning 
methods are divided into three main approaches. Metric-based methods 
are embedding both queries (Q) and support sets (Ss), before assigning to 
the query a class, according to distances computed between Q and Ss 
(Sung et al., 2018; Victor and Bruna, 2018; Yanbin et al., 2019). The 
second approach consists of 1) training a model on a large database, and

Comput. Vis. 211–252. 

Salman, A., et al., 2016. Oceanography : Methods Fish Species Classification in 

Unconstrained Underwater Environments Based on Deep Learning, pp. 570–585. 

Shiu, Y., et al., 2020. Deep Neural Networks For Automated Detection of Marine 

Mammal Species, pp. 1–12. 

Stuart-smith, R.D., et al., 2013. Integrating abundance and functional traits reveals new 

global hotspots of fish diversity. Nature 501 (7468), 539–542. 

Sun, Q., Chua, Y.L.T., 2018. Meta-transfer learning for few-shot learning. Conf. Comput. 

Vis. Pattern Recognit. 403–412.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in deep learning, some possible data annotation techniques include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. Bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangles around objects of interest within an image, while semantic segmentation involves labeling each pixel in an image with its corresponding object or region category. Instance segmentation combines these two techniques by identifying individual instances of objects within an image and delineating their boundaries. It is important to note that the choice of data annotation technique depends on the specific requirements of the application and the available resources.