Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To  predict  the  distribution  of  the  study  species,  we  employed  an 
ensemble  modeling  approach  in  BIOMOD2  package  (Thuiller  et  al., 
2009) in R (R Development Core Team, 2014) (See text S1). With this 
approach,  we  weight  averaged  four  different  models,  including  one 
regression-based 
three 
machine-learning  (Maximun  entropy  (MaxEnt),  RF(Random  Forest), 
and  Support  Vector  Machines  (SVM))  models,  to  generate  a  final 
ensembled model for each species. To test for model performance, we 
employed cross-validationby using 70% of the dataset as training data to 
build  the  models  and  the  other  30%  as  testing  data  to  calculate  the 
models’  accuracy. The Area Under the Receiving Operator Character-
istics Curve is the index we used to specify the accuracy (AUC). AUC is a 
scale that ranges from 0.5 to 1.0. A higher AUC value indicates that the 
model  is  more  accurate  (Phillips  and  Dudík,  2008).  We  considered  a

2.6. Climate scenarios 

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) (Pachauri 
et al., 2014) provided multiple Representative Concentration Pathways 
(RCPs)  for  predicting  climate  change  under  different  greenhouse  gas 
emission trajectories. We constructed habitat suitability models of the 
three species under the RCP2.6 (low emission) and RCP8.5 (high emis-
sion)  scenarios  using  the  same  modeling  method  and  with  the  same 
habitat variables described above. The predicted current niche models 
were projected into future climate conditions to identify range shifts in 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022473S. Rezaei et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

the present spatial range of the species under two RCPs for 2070.

Nayeri, D., Mohammadi, A., Hysen, L., Hip´olito, D., Huber, D., Wan, H.Y., 2022b. 
Identifying human-caused mortality hotspots to inform human-wildlife conflict 
mitigation. Glob. Ecol. Conserv. 38, e02241. 

Pachauri, R.K., Allen, M.R., Barros, V.R., Broome, J., Cramer, W., Christ, R., van 

Ypserle, J.P., 2014. Climate change 2014: Synthesis report. In: Contribution of 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022478S. Rezaei et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Working Groups I, II and III to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change. Ipcc, p. 151. 

Parmesan, C., 2006. Ecological and evolutionary responses to recent climate change. 

Annu. Rev. Ecol. Evol. Syst. 37, 637–669.

their  importance  in  providing  suitable  habitats  for  study  species.  To 
avoid overfitting due to collinearity, we checked for Pearson’s correla-
tion among the variables at the present locations. Finally, we kept Bio1, 
Bio3, Bio4, Bio7, Bio12, Bio15, Bio17, Bio18, DR (Distance to River), 
DRO (Distance to Roads), DH (Distance to Human settlement) and NDVI 
(Fig. S1).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention of where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without specific details, it cannot be determined.