Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

extracted a random sample of 10% of the dataset of each trait before model training. This ‘test dataset’ was not 
involved in the training process and exclusively served for the independent evaluation of the trained models. 
The remaining data was split into ’training dataset’ and ’validation dataset’ by a ratio of 4:1 (Table 1). The train-
ing dataset was employed to train the weights of the CNN model, whereas the validation dataset indicated the 
training progress after each full training cycle (’epoch’).

(3)  As a contextual constraint, bioclimatic data (see above) was fed into the CNN with the same model and 
data configuration including Plasticity in a mixed data approach (‘Worldclim’ in Fig. 2, setup 3 in Fig. 1). 
4) We tested an Ensemble approach, in which two more state-of-the-art model architectures, namely 
 Xception51 and MobileNetV2, the latter with halved number of trainable  parameters52, were trained on the 
configuration of setup 3, and their predictions were subsequently averaged (’Ensemble’ in Fig. 2, setup 4 in 
Fig. 1). These models differed strongly in their number of trainable weights, resulting in a different depth. 
The final model performance was assessed using a 3-fold cross-validation, with three different training, 
validation and test splits. To enable a comparison of model performance across traits, the resulting mean 
absolute error (MAE) was normalised by division over the range of the target values of the respective test

For the training process, a batch size of 20 images and an RMSprop optimiser with a learning rate of 0.001 and 
a learning rate decay of 0.0001 was used. The chosen loss function was mean squared error, while the prediction 
accuracy was quantified by the MAE of the respective dataset. The MAE of the validation dataset was computed 
after each epoch. Models were trained until the validation MAE did not further improve compared to the preced-
ing epochs and diverged from the training MAE (’overfit’). The trained model was then applied to the test dataset.
All CNN were implemented using the Keras API version (2.3.0.0)54 and the TensorFlow backend (version 
2.2.0)55 in R (version 3.6.3)23. Model training was undergone on a workstation with two CUDA-compatible 
NVIDIA GPUs (GeForce RTX 2080 Ti, CUDA version 11.0).

,

(1)

target denoting the log10-transformed target value, and mintrain and maxtrain being the minimum and maximum 
of the log10-transformed training dataset. Note that the minimum and maximum values used for normalising the 
targets were derived from the training dataset exclusively, preventing a leakage of information of the validation 
and test datasets to the training process. As a result, the final target values ranged exactly (for validation and test 
datasets: approximately) between 0 and 1. The same normalisation scheme was undergone for the bioclimatic 
variables.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
A random sample of 10% of the dataset of each trait was extracted before model training to serve as the 'test dataset'. This dataset was not involved in the training process and was exclusively used for the independent evaluation of the trained models. The remaining data was split into 'training dataset' and 'validation dataset' by a ratio of 4:1. The training dataset was employed to train the weights of the CNN model, whereas the validation dataset indicated the training progress after each full training cycle ('epoch'). The final model performance was assessed using a 3-fold cross-validation, with three different training, validation, and test splits. The same normalization scheme was undergone for the bioclimatic variables.