Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

During  the  MLPNN  training  phase,  initial  arbitrary  connection 
weights were assigned. Inputs were forward-fed from the input to the 
hidden  layer.  Hidden  neurons  multiplied  inputs  by  weights,  summed 
products,  and  processed  sums  through  a  transfer  function.  Results 
propagated  to  the  output  layer,  with  output  values  compared  to  ex-
pected  values  for  error  computation.  Iterative  error  back-propagation 
adjusted  connection  weights  until  reaching  a  target  minimal  error. 
The network then accurately estimated carbon stocks for both training 
and new input data without training data. This required tests to deter-
mine optimal learning rate (0.01), momentum (0.18), and training it-
erations  (500).  The  trained  network  was  subsequently  used  for  feed- 
forward predictions on continuous spatial data. 

2.5.2. Optimal predictor variable selection

layers. ANNs require a substantial amount of training data to achieve 
effective learning. Among ANN architectures, the multi-layer perceptron 
(MLP) neural network stands out as the most used.

De Lucia, G., Lapegna, M., Romano, D., 2022. Towards explainable AI for hyperspectral 
image classification in edge computing environments. Comput. Electr. Eng. 103, 
108381. 

Domingues, G.F., Soares, V.P., Leite, H.G., Ferraz, A.S., Ribeiro, C.A.A.S., Lorenzon, A.S., 
Marcatti, G.E., Teixeira, T.R., De Castro, N.L.M., Mota, P.H.S., De Souza, G.S.A., De 
Menezes, S.J.M.D.C., Dos Santos, A.R., Do Amaral, C.H., 2020. Artificial neural 

networks on integrated multispectral and SAR data for high-performance prediction 
of eucalyptus biomass. Comput. Electron. Agric. 168, 105089. 

Douwes, E., Rouget, M., Diederichs, N., O’donoghue, S., Roy, K., Roberts, D., 2015. 
Buffelsdraai Landfill Site Community Reforestation Project. XIV World Forestry 
Congress. 

Dube, T., Mutanga, O., 2015. Evaluating the utility of the medium-spatial resolution 

Landsat 8 multispectral sensor in quantifying aboveground biomass in uMgeni 
catchment, South Africa. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 101, 36–46.

adjusted to optimize the model (Jafarzadeh et al., 2021). Whereas node- 
size  determines  the  smallest  number  of  observations  in  a  tree  subset 
terminal node, and default value is always at 1 (Jafarzadeh et al., 2021; 
Pham et al., 2018). Gradient boosting iteration is a repetition process of 
increasing  or  decreasing  weights  in  a  training  datasets  (Huang  et  al., 
2022). All hyperparameters were tuned with a grid search method. 

2.5.1. Artificial neural networks

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model, such as GPUs or TPUs. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer based solely on the available information.