Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

An  issue  with  deep  learning  methods  is  that  it  can  be  difficult  to 
obtain enough ground truth data. Sharma et al. (2017) utilized crowd-
sourcing, involving non-expert users for obtaining manual annotation, 
and demonstrated the efficacy of their method on karyotyping images of 
chromosomes.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10267015O. Sten et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Oscar  Sten:  Writing  –  original  draft,  Visualization,  Validation, 
Software, Methodology, Investigation, Formal analysis, Data curation. 
Emanuela Del Dottore: Writing – original draft, Supervision, Method-
ology, Conceptualization. Nicola Pugno: Writing –  original draft, Su-
pervision.  Barbara  Mazzolai:  Writing  –  original  draft,  Supervision, 
Resources, Funding acquisition, Conceptualization. 

Declaration of competing interest

Future  perspectives  for  a  more  versatile  removal  of  these  compo-
nents might include adding a user interface for easily marking desired 
components  or  the  development  of  a  more  specific  detector.  Deep 
learning is a paradigm that has been shown to outperform other methods 
in several domains. Indeed, (Xu et al., 2021) developed a Convolutional 
Neural  Network-based  segmentation  model  and  compared  its  perfor-
mance against other methods, including the PCT method developed in 
(Obara et al., 2012), finding a substantial improvement. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10267014O. Sten et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Table 7 
Identification of branches and crossing, without the matching algorithm.   

True 
Positive 

False 
Positive 

False 
Negative 

Precision

1.4. Paper contribution

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I do not have sufficient information to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used.