Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026244L. Szab´o et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Table 1 
Hyperparameters in the grid search.  

Algorithm 

Hyperparameter ranges 

RF 
SVM 

MARS 

mtry: 1–20 with increments of 1 
gamma: 0.01–0.1 with increments of 0.01 
C: 2–16 with increments of 2 
degree: 1–3 
nprune: 2 to 100 with increments of 10  

(Conrad et al., 2015). The optimal segment size was chosen based on the 
extent of the patches, without losing any elements of the species pattern. 
The mean values of the segments were used for classification. Segments 
are  optimal  to  avoid  spatial  autocorrelation  when  using  k-fold  cross- 
validation  (KCV)  in  the  model-building  and/or  accuracy  assessment 
phase.

During  our  work,  we  discovered  several  challenges  in  identifying 
plant  populations  using  remote  sensing  in  the  field.  Moritake  et  al. 
(2024) also faced challenging problems during their studies classifying 
vegetation by human observers versus deep learning classifiers, in our 
results we also highlight the importance of involving machine learning 
techniques to gain better accuracy. While it is not difficult to survey and 
assess populations in deeper oligotrophic lakes in cooler climates, where 
the species and phenology are predominantly monospecific, the situa-
tion is different in shallow and eutrophic water bodies. In these areas, 
the simultaneous presence of several phenophases and numerous other 
plant  species  can result in  large variations  in  plant  populations, even 
within a small area. In their studies Granados et al. (2013) also identified 
different  phenological  stages  of  plant  communities,  however  they

Staiano, 2019). Training data augmentation, which extends the existing 
training  data,  enhances  the  generalization  capabilities  (Lik´o  et  al., 
2023). Post-classification, generally segmentation, and filtering gener-
ally  provide  better  maps  with  a  lower  rate  of  salt-and-pepper  errors 
(Ahmed et al., 2017). We can also deal with the characteristics of the 
geometry of the training data, excluding outliers, refining the training 
samples, or changing the proportion of the training and test data. These 
strategies collectively improve classification accuracy, enabling better 
modelling of the environment.

Several studies have successfully applied these methods. Tree species 
were successfully classified by applying multi-temporal imagery and a 
Random  Forest  (RF)  classifier  combined  with  variable  selection  (Jing 
et al., 2009; Persson et al., 2018). Maize genotypes can also be classified 
with a 30% increment in accuracy by applying multi-temporal images 
instead of using only single images (Walter, 2020). These studies prove 
that in consistent environments, for example, croplands, forest species, 
or genus-level classification, different phenophases can be identified as 
well.  Although  wetland  areas  are  not  as  consistent  as  these  environ-
ments, studies have also observed them. Using Uncrewed Aerial Systems 
(UASs), we are able to perform long-term wetland monitoring, including 
inundation,  water  turbidity,  water  depth,  and  aquatic  plant  cover 
(Alvarez-Vanhard et al., 2020; Deng et al., 2022; Díaz-Delgado et al.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no direct information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as managing random seed values. However, some related techniques mentioned include hyperparameter tuning, data augmentation, post-classification processing like segmentation and filtering, and dealing with the geometry of training data. These strategies help enhance the performance and accuracy of models but do not directly address the issue of managing randomness in the deep learning pipeline.