Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

rocks” (Data S1). Whale images for training the CNN were mainly aerial images. For step-2, the training dataset 
contains 700 aerial images, with whales and background, in which each whale is annotated within a bounding box 
(the total number of bounding boxes is 945).

1

www.nature.com/scientificreportsnumber of annotated images to later make correct predictions on new images37. Although the construction of a 
dataset for training is costly, the learning of CNNs on small datasets can be boosted by data-augmentation, which 
consists of increasing the volume of the training dataset artificially, and additionally by transfer learning, which 
consists of starting the learning of the network from a prior knowledge rather from scratch38,39.

1 2

www.nature.com/scientificreportswww.nature.com/scientificreports/

The annotators also verified the presence of whales in these areas through specialized websites on whale 
watching and used the time-lapse tool of Google Earth to differentiate whales from sea floor and submerged 
rocks by comparing images from the same spot at different dates. Finally, to assess the effect of whale posture or 
behaviour on model performance, the annotators tagged each of the 68 cells with whale presence with the most 
dominant or conspicuous posture in it, by choosing from the following active and resting behaviour88, i.e., log-
ging, breaching, spyhopping, blowing, peduncle, and submerged.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information about the specific postprocessing steps involved after the model training. However, common postprocessing steps include generating saliency maps to visualize important features, calculating metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc., and creating confusion matrices to evaluate the performance of the classifier. These steps help in understanding how well the model has learned and where it might need improvement.