Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1. Dataset description 

A detailed description of the collected dataset is given in this section. 
A publicly available dataset of environmental microorganisms EMDS-6 
is  used  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  the  proposed  architecture.  The 
considered  dataset  consists  of  840  different  images  of  environmental 
microorganisms having 21 categories consisting of 40 images for each 

Operating system 
Processor 
RAM 
Programming language 
Development environment 
Input dataset 
Input dimensions 
Batch size 
Loss 
Activation function 
Learning rate 
Epochs 
Optimizer 

MAC OS 
Apple M1- Chip 
8 GB 
Python 3.6.5 
TensorFlow 2.2.0, Keras 2.4.0 
EMDS-6 
224 × 224 
32 
Categorical Cross Entropy 
GELU 
0.002 
100 
AdamW

for  different  deep 

While test accuracy for all the considered networks DenseNet 121, Alex 
Net, ViT, ResNet50, Xception Net, VGG19, InceptionV3 and VGG16 are 
33.77%,  35.87%,  37.65%,  41.58%,  44.76%,  48.57%,  48.88%,  and 
50.15% respectively. It has been observed that on the test set the per-
formance of every model was lower than the validation set performance, 
While the performance of the model on the test set demonstrates how 
well the model can generalize. After seeing these results, it would be 
worth  noting  that  the  proposed  transformer-based  neural  network 
EMViT-Net achieves the highest classification accuracy with a validation 
accuracy of 71.17% and test accuracy of 67.62% while requiring lesser 
training time and performing faster than the other models. 

3.5.2. Performance comparison of EMViT with other models after 
augmentation

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

In this work, a transformer-based network is constructed for the end- 
to-end classification of EMs. Although it has been noticed that ViT itself 
cannot  perform  better  classification  for  categorizing  environmental 
microbes, the combination of ViT with self- attention module and CNN 
achieved the best classification results. The performance of the proposed 
EMViT-Net and different deep-learning models is graphically presented 
in Fig. 8 which presents the validation and test accuracy on unseen data. 
The experimental results demonstrate that the performance ranking of 
all considered deep learning models remains unchanged on the valida-
tion  set  and  test  set.  The  accuracy  ranking  of  the  proposed  network 
EMViT-Net  is  still  first  which  states  that  the  proposed  model  is  more

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information provided to determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. The details mentioned include operating system, processor, RAM, programming language, development environment, input dataset, input dimensions, batch size, loss, activation function, learning rate, epochs, and optimizer. However, none of them specify the deployment platform such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Therefore, I cannot provide a definitive answer based on the given context.