Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

higher  MS is needed to better capture the index response to wildfire. 
Compared to the default parameters, the overall accuracy and kappa of 
optimized  parameters  can  improve  by  up  to  8.4%  and  36.8%, 
respectively.

Model Proportion for best fitting. Runge et al. (2022) optimized the LTR

parameters (Figs. A2–A4 and Fig. 4). Among these, the kappa coefficient 
is  selected  to  comprehensively  evaluate  the  detection  accuracy  for 
different  indices  and  parameter  sets.  Although  overall  accuracy  can 
quantify  the  absolute  accuracy  of  detection,  it  is  not  well-suited  for 
evaluating  the  performance  of  various  indices  for  LTR,  which  uses  a 
binary classification system of ‘burned’ and ‘unburned’ values. As can be 
seen from Figs. A2 and A3, the user's accuracy is always higher than the 
producer's  accuracy  for  any  study  area  and  indices  with  the  same 
parameter setting. That means LTR tends to have a larger omission error 
than commission error. In other words, unburned pixels are less likely to 
be mistakenly identified as burned. In most cases, although the LTR does 
not  effectively  identify  the  burned  pixels,  the  overall  accuracy  still 
maintains at a high level because the unburned pixels can be accurately

MS defines the maximum number of segments used for fitting. RT 
(cid:0) 1 in this study) defines the threshold of the fast recovery event. 
(unit: yr
A  simple  disturbance-recovery  pattern  usually  consists  of  four  phases 
(stable-decrease-recovery-stable).  In  that  case,  an  MS  value  of  4  is 
appropriate to describe the temporal pattern and reduce the impact of 
noise in the time series. In a complex recovery situation, more segments 
may be required. RT has a value between 0 and 1. A higher value makes 
the model less likely to miss a fast recovery while more likely to cause a 
false positive error. 

2.2.3. Accuracy evaluation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on the specific hyperparameters used in a deep learning model such as learning rate or optimizer. Instead, it discusses the use of two parameters, Maximum Segments (MS) and Recovery Threshold (RT), in the context of LandTrendr (LTR), a tool for analyzing trends in satellite image time series data. These parameters are used to define the maximum number of segments used for fitting and the threshold of the fast recovery event, respectively. However, they do not correspond directly to typical deep learning hyperparameters like learning rate or optimizer.