Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the U-Net model is the labeling of each pixel in the training data. Abundant data are needed
for training deep neural networks of at least 1000 image samples. In such cases, a pretrained
network can reduce the amount of training data needed [47]. The U-Net implemented
within arcgis.learn had a ResNet-50 backbone that was pretrained on ImageNet.

2.6. Deep Neural Network

A Deep Neural Network (DNN) consists of multiple hidden layers, made up of ‘n’
number of neurons. These neurons are interconnected with neurons of the preceding and
next layer, through some weight (m) and bias (c), such that,

y = mx + c

(1)

The network attempts to learn the values for the various weights and biases, the
parameters of the model, by minimizing the cost function. The choice of the cost function
is important, as this function guides the model in the direction of the correct weights and
biases for accurate predictions. The cross-entropy loss function is used for the DNN model.
The number of neurons and the number of hidden layers all affect the predicting
power of the network. Thus, these parameters were adjusted, resulting in the architecture
seen in Figure 4. The presence of a dropout layer, with a value of 0.23, after hidden

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3495

8 of 29

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR PEER REVIEW 8 of 30   2.6. Deep Neural Network A Deep Neural Network (DNN) consists of multiple hidden layers, made up of ‘n’ number of neurons. These neurons are interconnected with neurons of the preceding and next layer, through some weight (m) and bias (c), such that,  y = mx + c (1) The network attempts to learn the values for the various weights and biases, the pa-rameters of the model, by minimizing the cost function. The choice of the cost function is important, as this function guides the model in the direction of the correct weights and biases for accurate predictions. The cross-entropy loss function is used for the DNN model. The number of neurons and the number of hidden layers all affect the predicting power of the network. Thus, these parameters were adjusted, resulting in the architecture seen in Figure 4. The presence of a dropout layer, with a value of 0.23, after hidden layer 5 and a batch normalization layer after hidden layer 2

a batch normalization layer after hidden layer 2 increased the testing accuracy of the model. These additional layers—dropout and batch normalization—reduce the over-fitting of the model on the training data and increase generalization on testing data. The hyperparameters in this network—the learning rate, number of epochs, and batch size—were further tuned such that the testing accuracy and the kappa were the best among all models. The optimized hyperparameter values for learning rate and batch size were 0.007 and 48, respectively.  Figure 4. Network architecture implemented for the Deep Neural Network (DNN) model along with the number of neurons that were optimized for each hidden layer. The output layer contains 11 neurons, corresponding to the number of classes to be classified. 2.7. Accuracy Assessment To compare the accuracy of various models independent testing data, i.e., same for all models, is used for model evaluation. The confusion/error matrix and subsequent met-rics are

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in the given context is not explicitly stated. However, based on the information provided, it appears that the model is being used for multi-class classification. This is suggested by the mention of the output layer containing 11 neurons, which corresponds to the number of classes to be classified. Additionally, the use of the cross-entropy loss function also indicates that the model is likely being used for classification tasks. Therefore, we can infer that the purpose of the deep learning model is to classify input data into one of several possible categories or classes.