Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A single iteration of the MCMC algorithm provides for the following 
steps.  It  is  selected  a  random  row  of  the  genetic  algorithm  output 
database between [1, nMCMC], and the best parameter values are subse-
quently absorbed. As already described in Section 2.3.1, even in this case 
the  absorbed  parameter  values  are  supposed  to  be  the  mean  of  a 
Gaussian  distribution,  μ,  while  in  this  case  the  associated  variance  is 
defined as a fixed value σ2 = (0.2 μ)2. A random value is generated from 
the Gaussian distribution associated with each parameter by using the 
random.normal() function, then, the ODE system is subsequently solved. 
At the same time, the step provides for absorbing the array of experi-
mental data, allowing the comparison between the ODE model output 
and the experimental data, based on the log-probability value.

From each combination of values belonging to the first quarter of 
values stored in the Python dictionary, the GA generates four random 
combinations of initial values considered as input for the LS procedure 
previously described. Each best fit value stored in a single row of the 
dictionary is considered as an expected value of a Gaussian distribution, 
μ, while the associated variance is still considered as σ2  = (zμ)2. Each 
new combination of best fit values calculated during the iterations of the 
genetic algorithm is again stored in the database together with all the 
previously estimated sets of values. 

At the end of a genetic algorithm cycle, the rows of the database are 
again ordered according to the values of the sum of the residual. The 
genetic algorithm can be repeated an arbitrary number of times, but for 
simplicity we considered a nGAC = 2, that leads to a total number of nTGA 
= 2nGAC+1 ⋅ nLSF = 1536 LS fit evaluations.

In this study, in fact, we have provided random initial conditions in 
input to the hybrid MCMC algorithm with no limitation for the param-
eters. It is however known (Johnson and Frasier, 1985) that above all for 
LS fits it is possible to bind the value of each parameter to a specific 
range. Even though it is often difficult to have an estimation of the range 
of values for each single parameter, this information in some cases can 
be  obtained  in  alternate  ways.  Let  us  take  as  an  example  the  Bri´ere 
development rate function (1) considered in this study. Among the four 
parameters,  two  of  them  (a  and  m)  are  empirical  with  no  biological 
meaning,  while  the  temperatures  TL  and  TM  represent  the  lower  and 
upper temperature bounds above and below which the development of 
the species is not theoretically possible (Briere et al., 1999). Information 
about the thermal limits is usually obtained through repeated constant

Accordingly, collecting field data together with daily average tem-
peratures (and with the other environmental parameters in case of more 
refined models) may provide a rough estimation of the lower and upper 
thermal thresholds for the development of the species, so that this in-
formation  can  be  used  to  fix  the  bounds  to  the  parameters  in  the  LS 
process. A similar limitation can be applied to the MCMC macro step, in 
particular  discarding  the  random  values  outside  the  given  range.  An 
approach of this type may surely be beneficial to increase the precision 
of the parameter estimation, and we deserve, in future works, to better 
explore this aspect in the light of ad hoc experimental trials.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not directly discuss handling randomness in a deep learning pipeline or managing random seed values. However, it describes methods used in a hybrid Monte Carlo Markov Chain (MCMC) algorithm combined with a Genetic Algorithm (GA), which involves elements of randomness.

To manage randomness in the MCMC process, the algorithm selects a random row from the genetic algorithm output database within the range [1, nMCMC]. This selection introduces variability into the process. Subsequently, the best parameter values are absorbed, assumed to be the mean of a Gaussian distribution (μ), with an associated variance defined as a fixed value σ² = (0.2 μ)². Random values are generated from these distributions for each parameter using the random.normal() function.

For the GA, random combinations of initial values are generated from the first quarter of values stored in the Python dictionary. These combinations serve as inputs for the least squares (LS) fitting procedure. Each new combination of best fit values calculated during the iterations of the genetic algorithm is stored in the database along with previously estimated sets of values.

While these techniques do not explicitly address handling randomness in a deep learning pipeline, they demonstrate how randomness can be managed in related computational processes involving optimization and sampling. Incorporating randomness allows exploration of different solutions and prevents the algorithm from getting stuck in local optima. Similar principles could potentially apply when dealing with randomness in a deep learning pipeline, such as setting random seeds for reproducibility or employing stochastic algorithms like dropout for regularization.