Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 2. Preprocessing step.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026184A.H. Ali et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 3. The proposed model.  

minority classes during training. 

This  is  implemented  in  two  steps.  First  we  use  a  function  called 
compute_class_weights from sklearn library in Python. This function is 
responsible of calculating the weights that should be given to each class 
depending on the class numbers. 

The second step involves using these class weights as inputs to train 
the model. This is done by setting the class weight parameters using the 

previously calculated weights. The fit function inside sklearn is imple-
mented in a way to accept such parameters and it applies them during 
training. 

3.4. Deep learning models

3.7. Performance metrics 

In this work, we measure the accuracy of the deep-learning models 

by using the following metrics:  

• Accuracy 

accuracy which is a simple metric for deep-learning classification 
models. This metric measures the overall percentage of correct pre-
dictions. However, accuracy does not take into account the different 
types  of  errors.  That  is  the  reason  we  employ  other  metrics  for 
measuring the efficiency of deep learning models. 

Accuracy =

TP + TN
TP + TN + FP + FN

• Precision 

(1)    

Precision  is  a  metric  that  measures  the  number  of  positive  pre-
dictions  that  are  actually  correct  viz.  a  viz.  correct  and  incorrect 
positive predictions. 

recall is a metric that measures the number of positive predictions 
that are actually correct viz. a viz. correct positive predictions and 
incorrect negative predictions. Recall measures how many positive 
predictions were correctly spotted by the model. 

Recall = TP

TP + FN

for the EfficientNetB3 model. Fast convergence is noticed in the model’s 
response  as  it  converges  at  the  fourth  epoch.  Figs.  4  and  5  show  the 
confusion  matrix  of  classification  of  plant  diseases  by  the  ensemble 
model and by EfficientNetB3 respectively. A confusion matrix shows the 
number of correct classifications for each class in its diagonal cells. It 
also shows the number of misclassifications in other cells than the di-
agonal.  It  can  be  seen  from  the  confusion  matrix  that  EfficientnetB3 
model misclassified class 19 with class 22 23 time. This classification 
error  is  removed  with  ensemble  modelling.  It  can  be  seen  from  the 
confusion matrix of the ensemble model that there is a small number of 
misclassifications compared to the EfficientNetB3 model. Figue 5 shows 
a small number of misclassification. It can be seen that the model biggest 
error  is  a  misclassifcations  of  class  7.  These  misclassifications  are

(Anandhakrishnan 
and Jaisakthi, 
2022) 

a novel model for 
tomato leaves disease 
classification 

(Sangeetha and 
Rani, 2021) 

(Zhang et al., 2018) 

(Ghazi et al., 2017) 

(Pandian et al., 

2019) 

(Pandian et al., 

2022) 

(Sharma et al., 

2023) 

(Tiwari et al., 2021) 

(Abd Algani et al., 

2023) 

(Vo et al., 2023) 

new pre-trained 
models are used and 
compared

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, the exact criteria for determining when training is complete are not explicitly mentioned. However, some common criteria used to determine when training is complete include reaching a certain number of epochs or iterations, achieving a desired level of performance on a validation set, observing a plateau in the validation loss, or meeting early stopping conditions based on changes in validation loss over multiple epochs. In this case, the authors mention that they observe fast convergence in the model's response, specifically noting that the EfficientNetB3 model converged at the fourth epoch. Therefore, one possible interpretation could be that the authors determined training was complete once the model had reached a satisfactory level of performance within a reasonable number of epochs.