Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 13. An illustration of captured NO2 pollutant readings (blue highlight) and the deep learning model predictions (red highlight). These results were derived from 
an evaluation using the validation dataset. It should be pointed out that the model's predictions are not too far off the actual readings. (For interpretation of the 
references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

Table 4 
Hardware specifications of the two oracle cloud instances used to test scalablity.  

Instance 
Type 

Bare 
Metal 

Name 

Compute – 
Ampere 
A1 – 
OCPU 

Processor 

OCPU 

GPU 
type 

– 

CPU 
cores 

CPU 
memory 

GPU 
memory 

6 

32GB 

– 

VM. 

GPU 

Pascal 

GPU2.1 

1 
NVIDIA 
P100 

12 

72GB 

16GB  

4.4. Evaluating the scalability performance of the REVIS system

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016092T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 2. Deep learning framework for highway air quality monitoring and prediction.  

∙ Integrate missing or inaccurate data from heterogeneous sources to 
enhance forecasting accuracy of the developed model. 

∙  Perform a system scalability test to determine response time and 
throughput as hardware device load increases. 

∙  Develop  and  evaluate  a  baseline  deep  learning  model  to  make 
hourly predictions of PM2.5, PM10, and NO2 concentration levels due 
to the deadly nature of these pollutants.

and PM10 pollutants and evaluation using deep learning, future research 
can focus on investigating other pollutants such as CO2, SO2 and Ozone 
as well as other machine learning approaches for estimation. This study 
is a part of a series of publications highlighting research findings on the 
REVIS  project.  This  is  just  a  scratch  on  the  surface  of  our  research 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160915T.D. Akinosho et al.

(cid:0) 4,  and  steep  value  of  1.3e

4). 

(cid:0)

4.3.3. Model evaluation 

In this section, the results of the deep learning model developed are 
presented. The model was trained to make day-ahead predictions of the 
three pollutants, but first, an appropriate evaluation metric had to be 
selected.  The  top  metrics  for  regression  problems  are  mean  squared 
error/root  mean  squared  error  (MSE/RMSE),  mean  absolute  error 

Fig. 12. A plot showing the model's training and validation losses against the 
number of epochs. It is worth noting that there was a gradual decrease in both 
losses  as  the  training  epochs  increased  which  indicates  that  the  model  was 
learning. Further training beyond 20,000 epochs would have either resulted in 
overfitting or no further drop in both losses.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline is not explicitly mentioned in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide a direct answer to your query based on the available information. You may need to refer to the original source or contact the authors for more details about the data repository link.