Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Deep  learning  is  a  relatively  recent  development  in  ML.  Its 
main tool, the deep neural network (DNN), builds upon Artificial 
Neural Networks (ANNs) which were already conceived in the 
middle of the last century. Essentially, “deep learning” refers to a 
set of techniques that allow the training of larger (more neurons) 
and  deeper  (more  layers)  ANNs  (Nielsen,  2015).  These  high 
capacity  networks  became  possible  due  to  the  development  of 
improved  algorithms  for  optimizing  connection  weights  [e.g., 
stochastic  gradient  descent  (Rumelhart  et  al.,  1986)]  and  a 
steep  increase  in  available  computing  power  and  training  data 
(Goodfellow et al., 2016). While these improvements may seem 
only gradual, current DNNs not only outperform their simpler 
ANN  ancestors,  but  frequently  also  perform  better  than  other 
ML approaches in standardized tests of prediction accuracy (e.g.,

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

To  better  contextualize  the  performance  of  the  DNN, 
we  repeated  Experiments  1  and  2  using  other  widely  used 
classification algorithms, i.e., distributed random forest, gradient 
boosting  machine,  and  generalized  linear  model.  We  used  the 
H2O platform (H2O.ai, 2017), which provides a set of fast and 
scalable  learning  algorithms  and  is  integrated  within  the  R 
software and environment.

REsULTs

In the training phase of a DNN the connection weights (w in 
Figure 1) between neurons are iteratively updated by a training 
algorithm  to  minimize  the  prediction  error  over  the  training 
data  set  (see  Supplementary  Material  S2  for  more  details). 
In  order  to  gauge  the  accuracy  of  predictions  for  new  input 
data  (i.e.,  data  not  used  during  training),  the  available  data  is 
frequently split into a training data set (used for training), and 
a test data set. The details of the network architecture, such as 
the  size  of  the  network,  the  selection  of  specific  layer  types, 
and parameters of the training process strongly determine the 
prediction  accuracy  of  the  network  and  are  usually  problem 
specific. More information on deep learning is available in e.g., 
Angermueller  et  al.  (  2016),  LeCun  et  al.  (2015)  and  Nielsen 
(2015).  Moreover,  the  Supplementary  Material  S2  provides  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in deep learning, some popular data annotation techniques include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. Bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangular boxes around objects of interest in images or videos. Semantic segmentation entails labeling each pixel in an image with its corresponding class or category. Instance segmentation combines both object detection and semantic segmentation, where individual instances of objects are identified and labeled separately. Other techniques like polygon annotation, key-point annotation, and landmark annotation can be employed depending on the specific requirements of the project.