Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

input into the model network for training.

enriches  gradient  flow  information  while  maintaining  a  lightweight 
structure.  The  SPPF  module  is  a  module  for  processing  objects  with 
different scales. It modifies parallel max pooling into a combination of 
serial  and  parallel  modes,  enhancing  the  model's  resilience  to  spatial 
layout and object degradation. This module involves a standard Conv 
operation, followed by kernel sizes of 5, 9, and 13 for Max pooling. The 
results are concatenated with the Conv module for extracting shallow 
semantic  features,  which  subsequently  passed  through  a  final  Conv 
module. The neck network is positioned between the backbone network 
and the head network. Feature fusion is performed using two network 
architectures, the feature pyramid network (FPN) and the path aggre-
gation network (PAN), which are used to solve the problem of multiscale 
feature fusion and strengthen the integration and utilization of feature

neural  network  (CNN).  It  encapsulates  three  operations,  Conv2d 
convolution,  BatchNorm2d  and  an  activation  function,  which  can 
effectively extract and learn useful feature information from the input 
data and provide more expressive input for the subsequent layers of the 
neural network. The C2f module is used for multilevel deep processing 
and abstraction of input features to construct the backbone network of 
CSPDarknet53 (Bochkovskiy et al., 2020), and its design is inspired by 
the  C3  module  and  Efficient  Layer  Aggregation  Network  (ELAN)  to 
realize additional cross-layer connections across branches. This design

2.1.1. Experimental equipment and environment 

In  this  paper,  all  the  experiments  are  conducted  on  a  consistent 
experimental  platform.  The  platform  uses  an  AMD  Ryzen  7  5800H 
processor with a Radeon graphics operating at 3.20 GHz. The graphics 
card is an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3050 Ti laptop GPU with 4 GB of video 
memory.  The  development  environment  consists  of  the  Windows  10 
Enterprise operating system. The software environment included Python 
version 3.7, CUDA version 11.6 and PyTorch deep learning framework 
version 1.12.0. 

2.1.2. Video acquisition

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The deep learning model mentioned in the given context is built using the PyTorch deep learning framework. Specifically, it states that the software environment includes Python version 3.7, CUDA version 11.6, and PyTorch deep learning framework version 1.12.0. Therefore, we can conclude that the deep learning model was developed using the PyTorch framework.