Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

accuracy  limits  that  we  encountered  training  DNN  models  with  the 
detailed-labelled NIPS4Bplus dataset (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021). We 
drilled down on the results using another high-quality model (BirdNET) 
and  compared  it  to  our  SincNet  trained  models.  For  that,  we  experi-
mented  with  dimensionality  reduction  of  embeddings  and  an  initial 
dimensionality reduction technique (t-SNE). We generated embeddings 
using  the  BirdNET  model  on  a  randomly  selected  40%  sample  of  the

We  trained  some  models  from  scratch  using  the  two  datasets 
mentioned  above.  For  NIPS4Bplus  we  used  the  rich  labels  associated 
with the dataset. In the case of BirdCLEF 2020 we relied on automatic 
detailed labels generated with the noise filtering algorithm. We did not 
use species included in the Brazil extract of BirdCLEF 2020 (these are all 
species  that  are  not  included  in  the  classes  of  the  BirdNET-Analyzer 
model)  in  model  training  using  only  the  “complementary  train 
extract”  to allow comparisons of the performance of BirdNET and our 
trained models on unseen classes. Our trained models include a SincNet 
model from our earlier work (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021) and residual 
network models that we call ResNet152-architecture.

3.4. Using embeddings to assist in model selection for classifying unseen 
data 

An important DNN technique is transfer learning using embeddings 
from an existing model to train new models on previously unseen data.

DNN  are  algorithms  consisting  of  neurons  arranged  in  successive 
layers that apply computations based on learnable parameters (weights 
and  bias)  and  activation  functions  to  inputs  from  previous  layers, 
through to an output consistent with the training data. Different types of 
layers  (convolutional,  pooling,  flatten,  etc.)  may  combine  in  large 
numbers to create complex algorithms that are difficult to interpret and 
often referred to as ‘black boxes’ (McGinn et al., 2023; Stowell, 2022). It 
is virtually impossible to follow how they use millions of parameters to 
reach a particular decision for any given input. Consequently, there is an 

array of tools and procedures to try to understand some of their inner 
workings. Here, we focus on the improved utilisation of one technique 
referred to as “analysis of embeddings”.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not explicitly state the specific purpose of the deep learning models mentioned, such as whether they were designed for tasks like classification, segmentation, or detection. However, considering the context, it can be inferred that these models are primarily intended for classification purposes. This assumption is supported by several points within the text. Firstly, the authors mention using detailed labeled datasets, which suggests that the goal involves identifying specific categories or classes within the data. Secondly, the comparison between BirdNET and SincNet models implies that both aim to achieve similar objectives, likely involving categorization or identification of bird sounds. Lastly, the discussion about transfer learning using embeddings further supports this idea, as this method often focuses on applying knowledge gained from one task (such as image recognition) to improve performance in another related task (like object detection), typically within the realm of classification problems. Therefore, while the exact purpose isn't directly stated, it appears that the primary objective of these deep learning models is most likely classification.