Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

2.3. Data scaling 

The final step refers to data scaling, and intrinsically to gap filling 
and data matching levels required by the user. Different scaling domains 
have been suggested by Fritsch et al. (2020). As the interest relies on 
aggregating  data  across  scales  prior  to  modelling,  our  approach  con-
forms  to  a  “pre-modelling  scaling”  protocol  (Fritsch  et  al.,  2020). 
Sequential  processes  were  implemented  within  GEE  for  scaling  up 
environmental  time  series  from  one  spatial  and/or  temporal  scale  to 
another during data extraction.

Flexible data scaling is challenging not only because data may sub-
stantially differ across sensors in terms of spatial and temporal charac-
teristics, but also because EOS data acquisition often includes hundreds 
or even thousands of scenes to process. Despite the promising possibility 
to  collect  multi-sensor  multi-temporal  time  series  spanning  decades, 
sequential process steps of such EOS big data are only possible through 
advanced frameworks and enhanced computational power (Ma et al., 
2015). In this direction, online data repositories and cloud computing 
platforms  (e.g.  Google  Earth  Engine;  GEE;  Gorelick  et  al.,  2017)  are 
progressively  providing  a  compelling  solution,  given  their  ever- 
increasing  capacity  to  store  data  from  multiple  satellites,  combined 
with big data fast computation (Gorelick et al., 2017; Ma et al., 2015). In 
particular,  the  GEE  platform  has  witnessed  a  significant  increase  in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide information about the deployment of a trained deep learning model or any specific details regarding model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response based on the available context.