Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In their review, Ma et al. [26] showed that nearly 200 publications using deep convolutional neural
networks (CNNs) have been published in the ﬁeld of remote sensing by early 2019 of which most
focused on land use land cover (LULC) classiﬁcation [28], urban feature extraction [29–31], and
crop detection [32,33]. Deep learning approaches often require a large amount of training data, and
there are benchmark datasets publicly available for training and testing of deep learning approaches
in the abovementioned remote sensing ﬁelds. Compared with the studies mentioned above, very
few studies using deep learning have focused on trees or forest classiﬁcation [34]. Flood et al. [35]
used a U-net convolutional neural network to extract woody vegetation extent from high-resolution
three-band Earth-I imagery. In their research, a selection of 1 km2 was manually labeled for training.
The ﬁnal results were pixel-wise and only two types (trees and large shrubs) were mapped. If there are

In the past few years, CNNs have been a hot topic in the ﬁeld of image classiﬁcation. Since the
publication of AlexNet [38], a number of classical CNN architectures have been proposed, including
VGG [39], GoogLeNet [40], and ResNet [41]. VGG can be considered as a deepened version of AlexNet,
which employed small convolutional kernels. GoogLeNet adopted the Inception module, which is
easy to use for network modiﬁcation. It also removed the fully connected layers to reduce the number
of parameters. Moreover, it used two auxiliary classiﬁers to accelerate network convergence. As a
consequence of the auxiliary classiﬁers, GoogLeNet is not as scalable as VGG. On the other hand, the
depth of networks is a crucial factor that inﬂuences CNN performance [39]. Richer features of diﬀerent
levels can be extracted from deep CNN layers, whereas deep models are not easy to optimize. In
many studies, batch normalization (BN) is employed to hamper vanishing/exploding gradients in deep

the number of bands of the feature maps, while the numbers on the bottom are the size (height and width) of the feature map. To avoid the distinction of identical textures only differing from each other by orientation changes and to increase the amount of tree species samples for training of the deep learning network, we performed data augmentation on the tree samples. The tree samples in the form of patches were rotated, mirrored, and flipped randomly. Finally, a total of 5664 tree samples were used for CNN training. Scattered samples (627) and tree samples (304) in12 plots surveyed in the field measurements were used for test and tree species classification accuracy assessment (931 test tree samples in total). The 12 plots were alsoused for diversity mapping assessment.3.4. Forest Species Diversity Mapping Based on the detected individual trees and the classified tree species, the diversity of three parts of the Haizhu Wetland could be mapped. In this paper, the study area was

CNNs. However, the accuracy often becomes saturated and then degrades (degradation problem) in
the training phase, even though BN layers are used. ResNet [41] addressed the degradation problem
by using shallow layers and identity mapping for network construction. Two shortcuts (i.e., identity
and projection shortcuts) have been introduced for residual learning. Recently, these networks have
been introduced into the ﬁeld of remote sensing.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, it appears that the authors did not explicitly mention any specific dataset such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, they created their own dataset for training and testing purposes. They collected a total of 5664 tree samples through various methods like rotation, mirroring, and flipping to perform data augmentation. These samples were then used for Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) training. Additionally, scattered samples (627) and tree samples (304) in 12 plots surveyed during field measurements were utilized for test and tree species classification accuracy assessment. A total of 931 test tree samples were used for this purpose. Furthermore, the same 12 plots were used for diversity mapping assessment. Therefore, based on the information provided, no standard datasets like MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet were used; instead, custom datasets were generated for the deep learning pipeline.