Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The study of bird populations is crucial for biodiversity research and conservation. Deep artificial neural net-
works  have  revolutionized  bird  acoustic  recognition;  however,  most  methods  overlook  inherent  relationships 
among bird populations, resulting in the loss of biological information. To address this limitation, we propose the 
Phylogenetic  Perspective  Neural  Network  (PPNN),  which  incorporates  hierarchical  multilevel  labels  for  each 
bird. PPNN uses a hierarchical semantic embedding framework to capture feature information at different levels. 
Attention  mechanisms  are  employed  to  extract  and  select  common  and  distinguishing  features,  thereby 
improving classification accuracy. We also propose a path correction strategy to rectify inconsistent predictions. 
Experimental results on bird acoustic datasets demonstrate that PPNN outperforms current methods, achieving

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Qingyu Wang: Writing – review & editing, Writing – original draft, 
Visualization, Software, Methodology, Investigation, Conceptualization. 
Yanzhi Song: Writing – review & editing, Supervision, Project admin-
istration,  Conceptualization.  Yeqian  Du:  Writing  –  review  &  editing, 
Supervision, Conceptualization. Zhouwang Yang: Writing – review & 
editing, Supervision, Conceptualization. Peng Cui: Resources, Funding 
acquisition, Data curation. Binnan Luo: Resources, Funding acquisition, 
Data curation. 

Data availability 

All our code and comprehensive data sets are fully documented with 
ISO-compliant  metadata  and  publicly  available  at  https://github. 
com/WanderQY/Hierarchical-taxonomy-aware-model. 

Acknowledgement

quantity than the first quartile.  

8  The background noising and random clipping and splicing techniques were 
applied  with  a  probability  of  0.25  for  rare  birds  and  a  probability  of  0.5  for 
endangered birds. 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025385Q. Wang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 4. Architecture of the Phylogenetic Perspective Neural Network (PPNN) model, which comprises three key modules: the backbone feature extraction module, 
the hierarchical feature interaction module with “HA” (Hierarchical Attention) and “CHOF” (Cross Hierarchy Orthogonal Fusion), and the classification module.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Hierarchical-taxonomy-aware and attentional convolutional neural 
networks for acoustic identification of bird species: A 
phylogenetic perspective 

Qingyu Wang a, Yanzhi Song a, b, *, Yeqian Du a, Zhouwang Yang a, b, Peng Cui c, Binnan Luo d 
a University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 230026, PR China 
b Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Education for Mathematical Foundations and Applications of Digital Technology, Hefei 230026, PR China 
c Nanjing Institute of Environmental Sciences, Nanjing 210042, PR China 
d Jiangsu Tianning Ecological Group Co., Ltd, Nanjing 210042, PR China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Bioacoustics 
Bird sound recognition 
Hierarchical architecture 
Attention module 
Path correction

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The code repository link of the deep learning pipeline is <https://github.com/WanderQY/Hierarchical-taxonomy-aware-model>. This link provides access to all the code and comprehensive datasets used in the paper, which are fully documented with ISO-compliant metadata.