Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.2. Deep GVI learning 

In  GreenCam,  we  measure  photo  GVI  by  SegFormer  (Xie  et  al., 
2021),  a  state-of-the-art  Transformer-based  model  for  semantic  seg-
mentation. As shown in Fig. 12, SegFormer follows the encoder-decoder 
structure, which combines a Transformer-based encoder (i.e., MiT) with 
a  lightweight  decoder  (i.e.,  ALL-MLP)  that  is  composed  entirely  of 
multilayer perceptron (MLP) blocks.

The  MiT  encoder  of  SegFormer  is  designed  as  a  hierarchically 
transformer structure, which can generates the high-resolution coarse 
features  and  the  low-resolution  fine-grained  features.  The  MiT  trans-
former  blocks  use  the  sequence  reduction  process  in  self-attention 
layers,  which  can  reduce  the  computational  burden  by  a  constant 
ratio.  In  addition,  each  transformer  block  directly  places  a  Mix-FNN 
component  (zoomed in  at  the  right bottom  part of  Fig. 12),  along its 
feed-forward path and right before its output. With the Mix-FNN policy, 
SegFormer  does  not  need  to  train  positional  encoding  and  then,  can 
work with better generalization ability. The ALL-MLP decoder of Seg-
former consists entirely of MLP components, which are arranged in four 
main steps. With introducing few additional parameters, the ALL-MLP 
decoder  is  simple  but  effective,  because  its  input  (i.e.,  the  MiT  en-

Caesar, H., Uijlings, J., Ferrari, V., 2018. Coco-stuff: Thing and stuff classes in context. In: 

Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 
pp. 1209–1218. 

Cai, B.Y., Li, X., Seiferling, I., Ratti, C., 2018. Treepedia 2.0: applying deep learning for 
large-scale quantification of urban tree cover. In: 2018 IEEE International Congress 
on Big Data (BigData Congress). IEEE, pp. 49–56. 

Ca˜nas, I., Ayuga, E., Ayuga, F., 2009. A contribution to the assessment of scenic quality of 
landscapes based on preferences expressed by the public. Land Use Policy 26, 
1173–1181. 

Chen, Z., Xu, B., Gao, B., 2015. Assessing visual green effects of individual urban trees 

using airborne lidar data. Sci. Total Environ. 536, 232–244. 

Chen, L.-C., Zhu, Y., Papandreou, G., Schroff, F., Adam, H., 2018. Encoder-decoder with 

atrous separable convolution for semantic image segmentation. In: Proceedings of 
the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV).

coder's output) can already represent a large receptive field, owning to 
the usage of hierarchical transformers.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't any information about specific data augmentation techniques used in the given context. However, some common data augmentation techniques used in deep learning pipelines include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, and color jittering. These techniques help improve the robustness and generalizability of models by increasing the diversity of training data without collecting new images or labels.