Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Trails  were  collected  from  free-ranging  Amur  tiger,  of  unknown 
identity, at the study sites. Table 2 reports the trail ID collected for each 
trail. As described above (Section 3.1) sub-trails were formed where >10 
footprints existed in any one trail. For example, the table indicates that 
using the 25 left hind footprints from trail MW09, we were able to derive 
four sub-trails. Section 3.5 below explains how the sex classification for 
images and the resulting designations for each trail were made. 

3.3. Data validation to determine the optimal size for algorithm training 
and test sets

mean of the predicted test set size diverges from the actual test set size. 
Optimal classification accuracy was obtained when the test set size 
was smallest relative to the training set. However, even when the test to 
training set  ratio  was  32:12, the  predicted value  was  close  to the  ex-
pected value, demonstrating the robustness of the model.

The equipment required for the implementation of FIT is minimal. A 
basic digital camera (e,g. a Sony CyberShot) or smartphone can capture 
data at a minimum recommended 1600 × 1200 pixels. A metric scale is 
required. Images can be stored on an external or cloud-based drive. A 
standard home-office laptop computer can run the required analyses. In 
areas where human resources are already deployed for monitoring at- 
risk species (eg anti-poaching or community-outreach), data collection 
can be integrated at very little extra cost. In areas where this is not the 
case,  salaries  for  data  collectors  are  required  for  fieldwork,  but  this 
comes with the benefits of community capacity-building. The costs of 
implementing camera-trap or eDNA survey for low density populations 
may be considerably higher but will vary greatly depending on the area 
to be surveyed and local costs. Jewell et al. (2020) offered a qualitative

Chicago.  

Wang, T.M., Feng, L.M., Mou, P., Wu, J.G., Smith, J.L.D., Xiao, W.H., Yang, H.T., Dou, H. 
L., Zhao, X.D., Cheng, Y.C., Zhou, B., Wu, H.Y., Zhang, L., Tian, Y., Guo, Q.X., Kou, X. 
J., Han, X.M., Miguelle, D.G., Oliver, C.D., Xu, R.M., Ge, J.P., 2015. Amur tigers and 
leopards returning to China: direct evidence and a landscape conservation plan. 
Landsc. Ecol. 31, 491–503. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10980-015-0278-1. 
Wang, T.M., Royle, J.A., Smith, J.L.D., Zou, L., Lu, X.Y., Li, T., Yang, H.T., Li, Z.L., 

Feng, R.N., Bian, Y.J., Feng, L.M., Ge, J.P., 2018. Living on the edge: opportunities 
for Amur tiger recovery in China. Biol. Conserv. 217, 269–279. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.biocon.2017.11.008. 

Wegge, P., Pokheral, C.P., Jnawali, S.R., 2004. Effects of trapping effort and trap shyness 
on estimates of tiger abundance from camera trap studies. In: Animal Conservation 
Forum: 7, No. 3. Cambridge University Press, pp. 251–256.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of specific datasets such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet being used in the deep learning pipeline. Instead, it appears that the authors have created their own dataset using trails collected from free-ranging Amur tigers. These trails were then divided into sub-trails based on the number of footprints present. It seems that these trails and sub-trails form the basis of the dataset used for training and testing the deep learning models. Therefore, without further clarification, it cannot be definitively stated which standard datasets were used in the deep learning pipeline.