Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Wiener, 2002) with default hyperparameters (number of trees ntree =
500; minimum number of observations in a terminal node nodesize = 5; 
number of variables tried at each split mtry = ⌊Nβ
⌋ = 1, where Nβ = 5 is 
3
the number of predictors). The out-of-bag residuals were obtained by

Ways  in  which  to  minimize  biased  training  of  machine  learning 
models  with  clustered  data  is  an  outstanding  challenge  (e.g.,  Meyer 
et al., 2018, 2019). We hypothesize that the improvements to predictive 
performance observed here using covariance-weighted bagging may be 
a  result  of  reduced  bias  during  model  training  from  down-weighting 
over-sampled  information,  but  this  was  not  tested  explicitly.  A  suit-
able experiment to explore this topic could simulate a surface from a pre- 
defined combination of response functions to environmental variables, 
and  test  for  the  capacity  to  recover  the  responses  using  covariance 
weighted bagging under various clustering scenarios. Simultaneously, it 
would be informative to observe the automatic variable selection and 
regularization behaviour of the bagging model. 

5. Conclusions

The issues of inflated estimation of map accuracy and sub-optimal 
model  training  caused  by  clustered  sampling  have  previously  been 
handled  according  to  various,  usually  separate,  procedures.  Specific 
parametric methods have been designed for classical statistical models, 
which have been reviewed previously (e.g., Dormann et al., 2007; Miller 
et  al., 2007). These  parametric methods  are  not readily  applicable to 
most machine learning models, prompting alternative ad hoc solutions 
(Roberts et al., 2017). The most common approach is spatial validation 
(Brenning, 2012; Roberts et al., 2017; Valavi et al., 2019), which de-
scribes  several  methods  for  reducing  the  spatial  dependence  between 
training  and  validation  data.  Examples  include  natural  extensions  to 
normal  cross-validation  such  as  spatial  partitioning,  where  the  study 
area is divided geographically into training and test divisions (Bahn and

predictions for each simulated sample point. The empirical semivario-
gram was generated and a semivariogram model was fit according to the 
approach  described  in  Section  2.4,  using  the  ‘automap’  and  ‘gstat’ 
packages (Gr¨aler et al., 2016; Hiemstra et al., 2009; Pebesma, 2004). 
The sequential simulation algorithm as implemented in ‘gstat’ was used 
to  simulate  500  Gaussian  random  fields,  conditioned  on  the  cross- 
validation  residuals,  and  honouring  the  semivariogram  model.  To 
enable computation of many simulations, local kriging was used with a 
neighbourhood of 50 points, and random fields were predicted to a grid 
size of 1000 m, denoted s0. To calculate a range of accuracy metrics, the 
residual random field layers ̂R(s0) were transformed to obtain simulated 
̂
Zsim(s0) over the extent of the study area by adding the 
response surfaces 
raw modelled predictions of the response variable (aggregated to 1000

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any deep learning model or its associated hyperparameters like learning rate or optimizer. Instead, the text discusses a Random Forest model, which is a type of ensemble learning method rather than a deep learning technique. In this case, the hyperparameters mentioned are specific to the Random Forest model, including 'ntree', 'nodesize', and'mtry'. Here, 'ntree' refers to the number of trees in the forest, set to 500 in this instance. 'Nodesize' is the minimum size of terminal nodes in the trees, which is set to 5. Lastly,'mtry' represents the number of variables randomly sampled as candidates at each split, calculated as the floor of the total number of predictors divided by three, resulting in a value of 1 in this scenario since there are five predictors. Therefore, based on the provided context, we cannot provide details about the hyperparameters of a deep learning model.