Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

image,  and  the  produced  feature  maps  are  cropped  upon  the  object 
proposal. An RoI pooling layer is applied to extract a fixed length vector. 
This  feature  vector  is  processed  through  fully  connected  networks  to 
predict class probabilities and refine the bounding boxes. Faster R-CNN 
(Ren et al., 2015) is the most popular object detection algorithm. In the 
Faster R-CNN model, the input images are fed into a CNN, which pro-
duces feature maps from the input images. A different neural network, 
RPN, is applied to predict the candidate bounding boxes. RoI pooling 
layers are applied to reshape the inputs. These properties render these 
two-stage  detectors  superior  to  one-stage  detectors.  Among  the  two- 
stage  detector,  EfficientDet  (Tan  et  al.,  2020)  architecture  is  gaining 
popularity owing to its excellent detection performance as  well as its 
relatively lower FLOPS (floating point operations per second) than in 
other object detection models.

classified, and their localisation is refined in the final output. Two-stage 
detectors have higher accuracy than one-stage detectors. However, they 
require  higher  computational  power  and  cost (Carranza-Garcıa  et  al., 
2021).  R-CNN  (Girshick  et  al.,  2014)  was  the  first  among  such  ap-
proaches. They applied a selective search technique to extract regions 
from  images,  which  they  classed  as  region  proposals.  This  network 
resizes the region proposal and predicts class probabilities. Deep con-
volutional neural networks usually require fixed-size input images. The 
two-stage detector SPP-Net (He et al., 2015) solved the fixed image size 
constraint and works for any image size without needing to resize them. 
The  authors  proposed  a  special  Spatial  Pyramid  Pooling  (SPP)  layer, 
which can deal with different scales, sizes, and aspect ratios. In the Fast 
R-CNN (Girshick, 2015) two-stage detector, a CNN processes the entire

On the same dataset, Wang et al. (Wang et al., 2020a) developed an 
encoder–decoder  based  deep-learning  model  to  estimate  seagrass 
coverage and achieved an mIoU of 90.66%. Perez et al. (Perez et al., 
2020) mapped seagrass distribution by applying a deep capsule network 
(DCN) and a deep CNN from the ‘WorldView-2’ satellite images at three 
different coastal locations in Florida. They showed that DCN and CNN 
models  performed  similarly.  They  also  demonstrated  that  these  two 
models performed significantly better than linear regression and support 
vector  machine-based  models.  Also,  in  2020,  Antoni  Burguera  (Bur-
guera,  2020)  mapped  Posidonia  oceanica  seagrass  by  developing  two 
neural networks (NNs); a convolutional layer based NN model achieved 
a precision of 97%, a recall of 95.4% and an accuracy of 95.5% on their 
dataset.  Burguera  (Long  et  al.,  2015)  visualised  the  patches  of

Our proposed detector-2 was based on EfficientDet-B7. EfficientDet 
frameworks are well optimised with the input image sizes of 512, 640, 
768,  896,  1024,  1280,  1280,  and  1536  for  the  family  network 
EfficientDet-D0 to EfficientDetD7, respectively. These optimised image 
sizes achieved the highest accuracy on the ImageNet dataset. We set up 
the model config file with a class number 1, image size of 1536 × 1536, 
batch size of 16, initial learning rate of 2e3, momentum optimiser value 
of 0.5 and step number of 400,000. We also monitored the validation 
loss  using  early  stopping  during  training  for  every  epoch.  We 
consciously monitored the validation accuracy to stop overfitting and 
overtraining  with  a  patience  of  20.  We  have  used  TensorFlow  object 
detection  API.  First,  we  downloaded  the  pre-trained  EfficientDet-D7 
model weight from the TensorFlow-2 object detection model zoo page.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model discussed in this context is object detection. Specifically, it is designed to identify and locate objects within images or videos. The model mentioned here is based on EfficientDet-B7, which is part of the EfficientDet framework known for its high performance and relatively low computational requirements compared to other object detection models. The goal of this model is to accurately predict class probabilities and refine bounding boxes around detected objects.