Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ing model, such as a neural network, and try to improve that model by 

alization algorithms like t-SNE (van der Maaten & Hinton, 2008), can 

selecting training samples. Active learning algorithms typically start 

be regarded as embedding functions.

training the underlying model on a small, randomly selected labelled 

Deep  neural  networks  are  frequently  used  for  dimension-

set of data samples. After training the initial model, various criteria 

ality  reduction:  the  input  to  a  deep  network  often  has  many 

can  be  employed  to  select  the  most  informative  unlabelled  sam-

values, but layers typically get smaller throughout the network, 

ples to be passed to the oracle for labelling (Settles, 2009). Among 

and the output of a layer can be viewed as a reduced represen-

the  most  popular  query  selection  strategies  for  active  learning  are 

tation  of  the  network's  input.  In  this  paper,  we  use  two  com-

3 |  R E S U LT S

retaining  speed.  Before  processing  the  crops  from  a  target  dataset, 

we learn an embedding model (a deep neural network) on a large data-

As  explained  above,  our  suggested  pipeline  consists  of  three 

set, and use this model to embed the crops from our target dataset 

steps: (a) running a pre-trained detector model on images, (b) em-

into  a  256-dimensional  feature  space.  We  chose  256  features  after 

bedding the obtained crops into a lower-dimensional space and (c) 

preliminary experimentation showed it performed better than 64 and 

running an active learning procedure. In this section, we report the 

128. Choosing more than 256 features slows down the active learning 

results of our pipeline and analyse the contribution of these steps 

procedure. The embedding model turns each image into a 256-dimen-

to  the  overall  results.  For  these  results,  the  eMammal  Machine

chine  translation  (Cho  et  al.,  2014;  Sutskever  et  al.,  2014),  speech 

those inputs, passes the result through a non-linear function (e.g. 

recognition  (Bahdanau  et  al.,  2016;  Hinton  et  al.,  2012)  and  image 

a sigmoid) and transmits the result along as input to other neurons. 

classification (He et al., 2016; Simonyan & Zisserman, 2014). Deep 

Neurons  are  usually  arranged  in  several  layers;  neurons  of  each 

convolutional neural networks are a class of deep neural networks 

layer receive input from the previous layer, process them, and pass 

designed  specifically  to  process  images  (Goodfellow  et  al.,  2016; 

their  output  to  the  next  layer.  A  deep  neural  network  is  a  neu-

Krizhevsky et al., 2012).

ral  network  with  three  or  more  layers  (Goodfellow  et  al.,  2016). 

Recent  work  has  demonstrated  that  deep  convolutional  neural 

Typically, the free parameters of the model that are trained are the

above 90% confidence and use these cropped images to recog-

important step in our active learning algorithm is fine-tuning the em-

nize species in the next steps of the pipeline.

bedding  model  periodically,  which  we  do  every  20  steps,  starting 

After running the object detection model over a set of images, we 

Our pipeline is presented in pseudocode form as Algorithm 2.

after 2,000 images have been labelled.

have already marked empty images, counted animals in each image 

and gathered the crops to be further processed. Image classification 

models require fixed-sized inputs; since crops are variable in size, we 

resize  all  the  crops  to  256  ×  256  pixels  regardless  of  their  original 
aspect ratio using bilinear interpolation. This set of cropped, resized 

images—which now contain animals with very little background—are 

the data we process with active learning.

There are two major challenges for applying active deep learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The pipeline described uses a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) as its embedding model. This is evident from the mention of deep neural networks being used for dimensionality reduction, where the input to a deep network often has many values, but layers typically get smaller throughout the network. Additionally, the text mentions that deep convolutional neural networks are designed specifically to process images, and that recent work has demonstrated their effectiveness. Furthermore, the pipeline involves resizing cropped images to 256 x 256 pixels, which is a common practice when working with CNNs.