Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Background sampling for multi-scale ensemble habitat selection modeling: 
Does the number of points matter? 

Logan Hysen a, *, Danial Nayeri a, Samuel Cushman b, Ho Yi Wan a 
a Department of Wildlife, California State Polytechnic University Humboldt, 1 Harpst Street, Arcata 95521, CA, USA 
b USDA, Rocky Mountain Research Station, Flagstaff, AZ, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biomod 
Ecological niche 
Habitat suitability 
Presence-absence 
Species distribution model 
Presence-only

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019143L. Hysen et al.

2.8. Training individual models 

To train the component models for the ultimate ensemble models, we 
used  six  modeling  approaches,  categorized  into  regression-based  and 
machine  learning models. Regression-based  models included General-
ized Linear Models (GLMs), Generalized Additive Models (GAMs), and 
Multivariate  Adaptive  Regression  Splines  (MARS).  Machine  learning 
models included Random Forest (RF), Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), 
and Maximum Entropy software (MaxEnt). We built all models using the 
biomod2 package in R (Thuiller et al., 2021).

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019146L. Hysen et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

answering certain questions (Sofaer et al., 2019). Either way, this pro-
vides a clear argument for the need to carefully consider the question at 
hand and the makeup of data used to train component models prior to 
performing the analysis. However, the result strongly suggests the need 
for  further  work  using  controlled  simulations  (e.g.,  Chiaverini  et  al., 
2021; Atzeni et al., 2020; Kumar et al., 2021) that can generate known 
habitat  relationships.  A  simulation  experiment  would  then  enable 
objective assessment of which of the metrics (TSS or AUC) is performing 
correctly, or if both are biased in different ways across the parameter 
space. 

4.3. Consensus-building methods

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information on the code repository link of any deep learning pipeline. The authors mention using the biomod2 package in R for building their models but do not specify a specific deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository link. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the requested information from the given context.