Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

function to ignore a certain class. These annotations are made manually, 
using special software, and consume large amounts of time. For model 
development  there  are  many  well  established  collections  of  image 
datasets for the training and evaluation of the models, such as ImageNet

(Deng et al., 2009), MNIST (Lecun et al., 1998) for image classification, 
COCO  (Lin  et  al.,  2014)  for  object  detection  and  segmentation,  and 
Cityscapes (Cordts et al., 2016) for semantic segmentation. To reduce 
the time and costs for training data annotation (especially for semantic 
image segmentation) it is possible to train the model on datasets, where 
only a part of the data is labeled (Chen et al., 2021; Tu et al., 2021). This 
approach is called semi-supervised learning. Another way to reduce the 
amount of labeled training data required is active learning, in which the 
model can interactively perform a query to label new data points with 
the  desired  outputs,  aiming  to  achieve  a  sufficient  accuracy  by  using 
fewer training labels (Settles and Burr, 2010).

IoU =

A ∩ B
A ∪ B

(19) 

Fig.  3. Methodological  workflow  of  the  Joint  Energy-Based  Semantic  Segmentation  (JESS).  Green  and  orange  arrows  describe  fieldwork  and  the  annotation  of 
images with Labelbox respectively. Light blue arrows describes the data processing that has been done using Python. The deep learning part, implemented with the 
Python library PyTorch is shown in dark blue. The energy-based optimization step of the JESS model is outlined with a red dashed line. The baseline model is trained 
without this optimization step. (For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024176S. Herdy et al.

mated segmentation approaches were not sufficient, so a manual image 
annotation  was  indispensable.  However,  once  a  dataset  of  a  specific 
location and community has been created and the deep learning model 
has been trained on it, it is very easy to process large amounts of image 
data and the model can be used for subsequent timesteps. Compared to a 
manual  assessment  of  the  monitoring  points,  the  deep  learning-based 
evaluation  of the  biocrust  images provides an  accurate quantification 
of the individual taxa. This allows a precise analysis of large amounts of 
data, e.g. obtained at monitoring points. Thus, changes in the biocrust 
composition can be accurately quantified over time and/or location.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions two main methods of data annotation used in the deep learning pipeline: bounding box annotation and semantic image segmentation.

Bounding box annotation involves drawing rectangles around objects within an image to identify their locations. This technique is commonly used for tasks like object detection and localization.

Semantic image segmentation, on the other hand, involves assigning each pixel in an image to a particular class or category. This method is more detailed than bounding box annotation and is often used for tasks like scene understanding and autonomous driving.

To reduce the time and cost associated with these manual annotation processes, the authors mention two strategies: semi-supervised learning and active learning. In semi-supervised learning, only a portion of the data needs to be labeled, while active learning enables the model to selectively request labels for specific data points.

Additionally, the IoU (Intersection over Union) formula is mentioned, which is a common metric used to evaluate the performance of object detection and segmentation algorithms. It measures the overlap between the predicted and ground truth bounding boxes or segments.