Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Development of a non-invasive method for species and sex identification of 
rare forest carnivores using footprint identification technology 

Jody M. Tucker a, b,*, Caleb King c, Ryan Lekivetz c, Remi Murdoch a, Zoe C. Jewell c,d, Sky 
K. Alibhai c,d 
a USDA Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station, 800 East Beckwith Avenue, Missoula, MT 59801, United States of America 
b USDA Forest Service, Pacific Southwest Region, 1323 Club Drive, Vallejo, CA 94592, United States of America 
c JMP Statistical Discovery LLC, SAS Campus Drive, Cary, NC 27513, United States of America 
d Nicholas School of the Environment, Duke University, Box 90329, Durham, NC 27708, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Footprint 
Track 
Fisher 
Marten 
Wildlife biometrics 
Non-invasive

quires up-to-date information on where and how these species are using 
the  landscape.  Development  of  non-invasive  survey  methods  such  as 
FIT,  that  can  expand  non-invasive  survey  data  beyond  just  species 
presence/absence to sex identification, provide important new tools for 
the  study  of  wildlife  that can  have  immediate,  on-the-ground conser-
vation applications.

Collecting  data  on  rare  species  that  occur  over  large  areas  can  be 
logistically difficult and expensive, especially at a population scale. In 
such  circumstances  biologists  often  rely  on  non-invasive  sampling 
techniques  such  as  camera  traps,  acoustic  recorders,  non-invasive  ge-
netic  sampling  (scat,  hair,  urine,  feathers)  or  track  collection.  While 
these  methods  provide  a  cost-effective  option  for  species  detection, 
identifying sex can be challenging. For example, determining sex using 
non-invasive genetic samples can be cost-prohibitive, require access to a 
laboratory  for  analysis,  or  be  limited  by  DNA  quantity  and  quality. 
Methods  to  identify  individual  or  sex  from  camera  trap  images  have 
been developed for some species with unique pelage patterns (Rowland 

* Corresponding author at: USDA Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station, 800 East Beckwith Avenue, Missoula, MT 59801, United States of America.

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Collecting and identifying reference tracks 

The majority of fisher and marten tracks and genetic samples were 
collected  in  conjunction  with  the  U.S.  Forest  Service  Sierra  Nevada 
Carnivore  Monitoring  Program  (Tucker  et  al.,  2014;  Zielinski  et  al., 
2013).  This  monitoring  program  samples  ~12,240  km2  and  encom-
passes  the  extant  fisher  population  in  the  southern  Sierra  Nevada. 
Sampling was conducted from 2002 to 2021 at over 200 survey units 
that each consisted of an array of multiple non-invasive detection sta-
tions covering ~0.8 km2 (Fig. 1). Survey units were comprised of either 
6 track plate stations (2002–2009) or 3 paired camera and track plated 
stations (2011–2019) with genetic samples collected via hair snares at 
both device types (Fig. 2). Details regarding study area and non-invasive 
sampling  methods  are  available  in  Zielinski  et  al.  (2013,  2017)  and 
Tucker et al. (2014, 2017).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain any information about a specific deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository link. Therefore, it is impossible to determine the requested GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket link based solely on this context.