Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

• This provides valuable information for understanding the 
environmental impact of energy consumption and helps in 
formulating effective policies to reduce CO2 emissions. 
• Proposed work assesses the air quality where concentration 

and toxicity levels are modelled using IT2 FSs.  

• Helps to identify contributing components for the resulting air 
quality, which further may enhance decision-making pro-
cesses related to environmental policies and health-related 
issues. 

• This work utilizes acoustic data and deep CNN to identify 

oestrus and non-oestrus sounds of sows.  

• Also, provide ways for monitoring and early warning systems 

on pig farms.  

• Better reproduction capability in sows may upscale the 
economic efficiency and production level of pigs.  

• A sustainable perspective for the pig farming operations. 
• The ecological implications of the proposed work are directly 
associated with the increasing CO2 emissions resulting from 
industrialization.

Land use classification 

Domain adaptation 

Middle part of the pearl river delta in china 

Regression 

Transfer learning 

Housing dataset, synthetic dataset, etc. 

FSs, Regression function 

Driver drowsiness 
estimation 

Domain adaptation 

EEG signals 

FSs, TSK-FLS, NNs 

Spam filtering, etc. 

FCM clustering 

Fuzzy logic 

Texture image 
segmentation 
Intelligent 
environments 

Inductive transfer 
learning 
Unsupervised transfer 
learning 

Transfer learning 

Multitask regression 
learning 

Multitask learning 

Email spam filtering text dataset, synthetic dataset 
etc. 

Brodatz texture 

Intel Berkeley dataset, de Montfort university 
robotics dataset, and robotics laboratory data, etc. 
Glutamic acid fermentation process modeling, 
multivalued (MV) data modeling, synthetic dataset, 
etc. 

Multitask TSK (Jiang et al., 2015) 

FCM, FSs 

Online fuzzy min–max neural (Seera and 

Lim, 2014) 

TSK-TL-FLS (Vapnik, 2013) 

Proposed IFTL

Lu, J., Zuo, H., Zhang, G., 2019. Fuzzy multiple-source transfer learning. IEEE Trans. 

Fuzzy Syst. 28 (12), 3418–3431. 

Lu, T., Han, B., Yu, F., 2021. Detection and classification of marine mammal sounds using 

AlexNet with transfer learning. Ecol. Inform. 62, 101277. 

Lumini, A., Nanni, L., 2019. Deep learning and transfer learning features for plankton 

classification. Ecol. Inform. 51, 33–43. 

Margolis, A., 2011. A Literature Review of Domain Adaptation with Unlabeled Data. 

University of Washington, Rapport Technique.  

Mirbagheri, M., 2010. Fuzzy-logic and neural network fuzzy forecasting of Iran GDP 

growth. Afr. J. Bus. Manag. 4 (6), 925. 

Ohta, R., Salomon, V., Silva, M.B., 2020. Classical, fuzzy, hesitant fuzzy and intuitionistic 
fuzzy analytic hierarchy processes applied to industrial maintenance management. 
J. Intell. Fuzzy Syst. 38 (1), 601–608. 

Pan, J., Yang, Q., 2010. A survey on transfer learning. In: Knowledge and Data

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)10220613S. Kumar et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Wang, Y., et al., 2022. A lightweight CNN-based model for early warning in sow oestrus 

Yao, C., Feng, K., Hubacek, K., 2015. Driving forces of CO2 emissions in the G20 

sound monitoring. Ecol. Inform. 72, 101863. 

Wu, D., Lawhern, Vernon, J., Gordon, Stephen, Lance, Brent, J., Lin, Chin-Teng, 2016. 

Driver drowsiness estimation from EEG signals using online weighted adaptation 
regularization for regression (OwARR). IEEE Trans. Fuzzy Syst. 25 (6), 1522–1535. 

Xie, L., Deng, Z., Xu, P., Choi, K.-S., Wang, S., 2018. Generalized hidden-mapping 

transductive transfer learning for recognition of epileptic electroencephalogram 
signals. IEEE Trans. Cybernetics 49 (6), 2200–2214.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context mentions several types of datasets used in various applications, including housing datasets, email spam filtering text datasets, synthetic datasets, and Brodatz texture datasets. Additionally, there is a reference to acoustic data and images such as Texture Image Segmentation and Intel Berkeley Dataset. These datasets suggest that different data formats like CSV files, text data, and image data are utilized in the deep learning pipelines mentioned in the given context. However, it does not explicitly mention any specific format for video or audio data. Therefore, based on the provided context, we can infer that CSV, text, and image data formats are used in the deep learning pipelines discussed here.