Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

Annotating  dataset  images  is  one  of  the  most  tedious  and  time- 
consuming  parts  of  the  modelling  process.  The  size  of  the  dataset  is 
important - a large dataset is needed for model success but it takes a lot 
more time to label. In order to prepare a larger dataset to generalize the 
model for the Greenland data, the model was partially trained to learn 
the data first and then the model itself was used to annotate new data 
before training it further.  The new  dataset annotated by the  partially 
trained model contains 540 training images and 141 validation images. 
The  self-annotation  dataset  was  manually  checked  and  edited  by  a 
human. As a result, a large dataset can be prepared within a day. Since 
the  image  quality  taken  from  the  portable  microscope  in  Kenya  was 
much lower compared to the other two, a small dataset that only con-
tained images from Kenya was used to fine tune the model for this data.

include  flip, rotations  and  affine  transformation. We  then  trained the 
same dataset with ResNet-101 network with heavier augmentation for 
500 epochs. It is worth noting that the selection of image augmentations 
is  of  crucial  importance  to  improve  training  performance.  Multiply, 
linear  contrast,  sharpen,  emboss,  flip  in  horizontal  and  vertical  di-
rections,  rotations  and  affine  transformation  were  used  for  heavy 
augmentation.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Bacterial community characterization by deep learning aided image 
analysis in soil chips 

Hanbang Zou a, *, Alexandros Sopasakis b, François Maillard a, Erik Karlsson a, Julia Duljas a, 
Simon Silwer a, Pelle Ohlsson c, Edith C. Hammer a, 1 
a Biology, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
b Mathematics, Lund University, Lund, Sweden 
c Biomedical Engineering, Lund University, Lund, Sweden   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Soil bacterial cell counting 
Segmentation 
Microfluidics 
Microbial image recognition 
Morphological biodiversity 
Bacterial traits

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not explicitly mention the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details about model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, based solely on the given information, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer to this query.