Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A deep learning-based pipeline for whitefly pest abundance estimation on 
chromotropic sticky traps 

Luca Ciampi a, *, Valeria Zeni b, Luca Incrocci b, Angelo Canale b, Giovanni Benelli b, 
Fabrizio Falchi a, Giuseppe Amato a, Stefano Chessa c 
a Institute of Information Science and Technologies of the National Research Council of Italy (ISTI-CNR), Pisa, Italy 
b Department of Agriculture, Food and Environment of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy 
c Department of Computer Science of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Smart agriculture 
Smart farming 
Integrated pest management 
Computer vision 
Object counting 
Visual counting

Li, W., Chen, P., Wang, B., Xie, C., 2019. Automatic localization and count of agricultural 

crop pests based on an improved deep learning pipeline. Sci. Rep. 9 (1). 

Li, W., Wang, D., Li, M., Gao, Y., Wu, J., Yang, X., 2021a. Field detection of tiny pests 

from sticky trap images using deep learning in agricultural greenhouse. Comput. 
Electron. Agric. 183, 106048. 

Li, W., Zheng, T., Yang, Z., Li, M., Sun, C., Yang, X., 2021b. Classification and detection 
of insects from field images using deep learning for smart pest management: A 
systematic review. Ecol. Inform. 66, 101460. 

Lima, M.C.F., de Almeida Leandro, M.E.D., Valero, C., Coronel, L.C.P., Bazzo, C.O.G., 

2020. Automatic detection and monitoring of insect pests—a review. Agriculture 10 
(5), 161. 

Lin, T.-Y., Goyal, P., Girshick, R., He, K., Dollar, P., 2017. Focal loss for dense object 
detection. In: In 2017 IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV). 
IEEE.

training step  and  a test  split  with the  remaining eight images  for the 
model evaluation phase. Finally, it is worth noting that, even if we an-
notated only the pests belonging to the class “whitefly”, other insects 
were accidentally stucked in the traps, which represents an additional 
challenge  -  deep  learning  models  should  not  count  the  latter  insect 
species. Specifically, we found insects belonging to different orders, such 
as  Lepidoptera,  Hymenoptera,  and  Diptera  (about  21,  7,  and  113, 
respectively);  furthermore,  among  hemipterans  we  also  found  insects 
belonging to families of Psyllidae, Aphidae, and Miridae (about 4, 14, 
and  22,  respectively).  Besides, about  80% of  the  images contain  con-
taminants,  such  as  dust,  fluff,  or  leaves,  accidentally  glued  over  the 
sticky traps. Some samples of bycatches insects and contaminants can be 
found in Fig. 1 and Fig. 4.

In  summary,  the  main  contributions  of  this  work  are  listed  in  the 

following.  

• We propose a deep learning-based pipeline to automatically estimate 
pest populations present on chromotropic sticky trap pictures. The 
proposed  solution  is  modular  and  model-agnostic,  allowing  for 
seamless integration of subsequent models from the literature into 
the  proposed  pipeline,  and  therefore  capable  of  encompassing  all 
counting strategies; furthermore, it works in the wild, i.e., any pre- 
processing  strategy  of  the  pictures  is  needed,  such  as  preliminary 
segmenting the region outlining the traps from the background.  
• Our proposed pipeline, despite the upstream counting approach, can 
also produce a set of localization providing the raw positions of the 
counted  insects  and  associated  confidence  scores  expressing  their 
reliability,  thus  permitting  practitioners  to  filter  out  unreliable 
predictions.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information regarding the availability of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the code repository is available, whether it is on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket.