Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

URL. https://medium.com/sentinel-hub/improving-cloud-detection-with-machine- 
learning-c09dc5d7cf13 (accessed 4.14.22).  

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)10203216

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wetlands 
Wetland use intensity 
East Africa 
Ecosystem health 
Earth observation 
Sentinel-2

Uwimana et al., 2018a) cannot be derived directly with such a remote 
sensing product. However, we contend WUI can serve to rapidly assess 
cumulative  use  pressures  on  wetland  health  to  spatially  guide  where 
such investigations should take place. It can be applied in addition to 
ground-based survey methods and contribute to often neglected follow- 
up studies on the environmental impact of wetland development efforts 
(George et al., 2020), in particular where resources are scarce. 

6. Conclusions

played in Table 3, so that the overall proportion of the complete dataset 
can be described as representative of land use classes in the study area. 
An overview of the plot locations is presented in Fig. 4.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not contain any reference to a specific code repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the article. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository is located based solely on this information. Additional sources or direct contact with the authors would be required to find out more about the availability of the code repository.