Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025199X. Wu et al.

research  on  artificial  intelligence  (AI).  Traditional  linear  program-
ming, nonlinear programming, dynamic programming, modern genetic 
algorithms  (GA),  particle  swarm  optimization  algorithms,  and  deep 
learning have achieved great success in both theoretical and practical 
applications. Mohammadi (2023) modeled various drought timescales 
by  combining  artificial  neural  networks  with  firefly  algorithms. 
Emamgholizadeh  et  al.  (2023)  used  enhanced  machine  learning 
methods to predict soil cation exchange capacity in the southern region 
of China. Ghezelbash et al. (2023a) combined the GA and firefly opti-
mization  algorithm  with  the  K-means  clustering  method  for  copper- 
related geochemical footprints of porphyry and skarn in the Baft area 
of Kerman, Iran, and achieved good research results. Ghezelbash et al. 
(2023b) added GA to K-means and SVM to construct GIS-based mineral 
prospecting maps, and the results showed that the SVM model based on

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025193X. Wu et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 1 
Data sources and characteristics.  

Dataset name 

Data type 

Spatial 
resolution 

Data source 

DEM 

Raster 

30 m 

Land use 

Raster 

30 m 

NDVI 

Raster 

1 km 

Soil data 

Raster 

1 km 

Population 

Raster 

1 km 

GDP 

Raster 

1 km 

Meteorological 

data 

Raster 

1 km 

Vector data 

Vector 

Statistical data 

Statistical 
yearbook 

– 

–

P  = 50, the  ESA was  the  best, the  connectivity  rate of  the  ecological 
source  was  84.99%,  the  IIC  value  was  0.81,  the  ecological  source 
coverage  rate was  the highest, and  the fragmentation index  was low. 
Therefore, the algorithm was capable of identifying the optimal ESA.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not contain information about the deployment process of a trained deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate answer to this query based on the given context.