Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10260711F. Guo et al.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026075F. Guo et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Fig. 4. Flow chart of the overall workflow. 
Note: SSA: Space-spectrum-array. 

Table 3 
Feature variables of the satellite data.  

Feature types 

Feature variable 

Number of feature variable 

Spectral features 

Vegetation Indices 

Blue, Green, Red, 
NIR, SWIR1, SWIR2 
NDVI, EVI, MSAVI, NDTI, 
MNDWI, NDBI, BSI, DBSI  

6*3 

8*3

The SSA-TPRF model was deployed on the GEE platform, indicating 
that  it  has  good  migration  performance  and  can  be  utilised for  LULC 
mapping,  wetland mapping,  crop mapping,  grassland mapping,  forest 
monitoring,  and  aboveground  biomass  estimation.  The  advent  of  the 
GEE has significantly advanced large-scale scientific research. The GEE, 
a nonprofit cloud-computing platform for geospatial analysis, offers an 
extensive  repository  of  Earth  observation  data,  various  classification 
algorithms, and robust cloud-computing capabilities, thereby providing 
an effective solution for processing RS data (Gorelick et al., 2017). The 
GEE's  user-friendly  programming  interface  empowers  users  to  define, 
create,  and  execute  custom  algorithms  tailored  to  their  analytical  re-
quirements  (Pizarro  et  al.,  2022).  This  feature  enables  researchers  to 
conduct  a  wide  range  of  large-scale  scientific  studies,  such  as  LULC

In addition to selecting the RS imagery and representative training 
samples, the choice of machine learning (ML) algorithm directly affects 
the accuracy of the classification results. Currently, a wide range of ML 
algorithms are extensively employed in LULC mapping, including sup-
port vector machines (SVMs) (Adugna et al., 2022; Silva et al., 2017), 
random forests (RFs) (Svoboda et al., 2022), decision trees (DTs) (Shih 
et al., 2018), and artificial neural networks (ANNs) (Amani et al., 2020; 
Hu et al., 2021). Researchers have frequently compared the accuracies 
of LULC maps derived from different classifiers (Shih et al., 2021). The 
RF  classifier  outperformed  the  other  ML  classifiers,  as  confirmed  by 
LULC (Shih et al., 2018; Yuh et al., 2023) and crop mapping (Inglada 
et al., 2015). RF has lower sensitivity to tuning parameters and stronger 
robustness against noise (Wa´sniewski et al., 2022). Furthermore, RF can

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.