Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1.4. Fieldwork 

Deep learning models are usually defined as “data hungry” because 
their accuracy is heavily dependent on the amount of high quality an-
notated data used to learn the correspondence between the desired la-
bels  and  image  information.  Thus,  to  develop  a  model  capable  of 
matching human expertise on sub-alpine shrub species identification, a 
large and accurate dataset with images and their corresponding labels is 
crucial. As we will describe in detail in later sections, determining the 
exact species of every shrub from images is a difficult task for human 
experts. For our study, fieldwork expeditions were key to confirm each 
of the selected shrub images and validate the orthomosaic annotations. 
Three  fieldwork  missions  were  conducted  during  2021  (June,  August 
and October), to account for seasonal changes in color and flowering 
patterns that helped identify each individual species. 

3.2. Observer study

enrichment using multi-view object-based analysis of unmanned aerial systems 
imagery for wetlands classification. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 139, 
154–170. 

Christel, Stephan, Boretska, Mariia, Pivkin, Igor V., Wilmes, Paul, Sand, Wolfgang, 
Vera, Mario, Dopson, Mark, 2019. Deep neural networks outperform human expert’s 
capacity in characterizing bioleaching bacterial biofilm composition. Biotechnol. 
Rep. 22, e00321. 

Liu, Z., Lin, Y., Cao, Y., Hu, H., Wei, Y., Zhang, Z., Lin, S., Guo, B., 2021. Swin 

transformer: Hierarchical vision transformer using shifted windows. In: In 
Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV). 
Liu, Z., Mao, H., Wu, C.-Y., Feichtenhofer, C., Darrell, T., Xie, S., 2022. A convnet for the 

Cabezas, Mariano, Kentsch, Sarah, Tomhave, Luca, Gross, Jens, Caceres, Maximo Larry 
Lopez, Diez, Yago, 2020. Detection of invasive species in wetlands: practical dl with 
heavily imbalanced data. Remote Sens. 12 (20).

Rogora et al., 2018). Due to their success, we believe that the combi-
nation of two relatively recent technologies, unmanned aerial vehicles 
(UAVs) and deep learning (DL), has the potential of increasing our un-
derstanding of issues such as the response of trees and forests to envi-
ronmental changes.

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide any specific details about which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, based on the available information, it cannot be determined whether platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform were utilized for deploying the deep learning model.