Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This study proposes an end-to-end solution for the automated anal-
ysis of key features in filamentous organisms, such as filament length 
and  network  topology.  The  focus  is  on  the  Rhizophagus  irregularis,  a 
model  fungus  known  for  establishing  symbiotic  relationships  with 
numerous crop plants. Our objective is to provide automated analysis 
tools to spark light on the morphological characteristics and dynamics of 
this organism. 

1.2. Adjacent applications

Fig. 14. Comparison of the resulting edge lengths in the two types of morphological graphs.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10267013O. Sten et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Fig. 15. Qualitative results. a) Maps the local mycelium density around different points on the pixel level. b) Length histogram of the segmented filaments in (c). c) 
Filaments are colored based on their ridge prominence (i.e., steerable ridge filter output). d) Graph representation of (c) with the same color coding. Edges imply that 
the filaments are connected, and node size depends on node degree (the larger the node, the higher the connectivity).

ingful outputs. In Fig. 15a, we apply a window with a size corresponding 
to 0.29mm2. Given a set of thin binary filaments, each with a unique ID, 
eq. (1) can be applied to each filament to get its length (Fig. 15b). To 
visualize the network structure, we can consider two diverse represen-
tations (Fig. 15c &  15d). In Fig. 15c, the separated hyphae have been

N
Ng.  Table  6  shows  a)  the 
number  of  geometric  branch  nodes  Ng  in  the  morphological  graph 
without  overlaps  and  b) the  number  of  branch  nodes  in  the  morpho-
logical  graph  with  overlaps,  which  is  an  estimate  of  the  number  of 
biological  nodes.  Consequently,  the  mean  r  corresponds  to 20%  (also

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not explicitly mention how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether they used methods like grid search or random search for optimization.

Based on the given information, I am unable to determine the method used for optimizing the hyperparameters of the model. It would require additional details from the authors or further research into their work to find out more about this aspect.