Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Since  we  had  multiple  species,  we  also  used  the  mAP  Eq.  4  (Mean 
average precision) which gives a score for the whole model whereas the 
AP will give one for each one of them. The objective of these models is to 
be  reliable  enough  to  be  used  by  experts  in  real-life  conditions.  This 
means that we had to be confident enough in the model prediction to use 
it. We allowed ourselves 5% of mistakes in the prediction of each species 
of interest. We created a benchmark to compare the results of state-of- 
the-art models of deep learning on this task. To create a benchmark of 
models, we use the mAP to analyze which model does best on average 
for each species and the AP to analyze how good it is at predicting each 
species. To ensure the model's ability to reach 95% precision, we used

Ten species of interest, common and known to be abundant in agricul-
tural  soils,  were  chosen  to  be  automatically  identified  with  deep 
learning as a proof of concept: Ceratophysella denticulata (Bagnall, 1941) 
(CERDEN),  Ceratophysella  Gibbosa  (Bagnall,  1941)  (CER-GIB),  Hemi-
sotoma  thermophila  (HEM-THE)  (Axelson,  1900),  Hypogastrura  manu-
brialis (Tullberg, 1869) (HYP-MAN), Lepidocyrtus cyaneus (Schille, 1908) 
(LEP-CYA), Lepidocyrtus Lanuginosus (Gmelin, 1788) (LEP-LAN), Meta-
phorura  affinis  (B¨orner,  1902)  (MET-AFF),  Isotomiella  minor  (Sch¨affer, 
1896) (ISO-MIN) and Parisotoma notabilis (Sch¨affer, 1896) (PARNOT). 
These species have been chosen to identify if state-of-the-art models of 
deep  learning  can  detect  and  identify  the  interspecies  morphological 
similarity and the intra-species morphological variance of Collembola. 
To  give  examples  of  similarity,  the  species  Parisotoma  notabilis  and

2.4. Training protocols

relevant regions within the images. ROI pooling aids in the selection and 
analysis  of  specific  image  regions  for  accurate  object  classification.  2 
different  versions  of  Faster  R-CNN  were  created  for  the  benchmark, 
Faster R-CNN (640) with an input dimension of 640 × 640 and Faster R- 
CNN (1280) with an input dimension of 1280 × 1280. They both used 
Resnet50 as a backbone, have 41 m parameters, and are pre-trained on 
ImageNet.  Both  those  dimensions  were  chosen  to  match  the  Yolov5 
input dimensions. Still, after multiple tests, the 640-version had incon-
clusive results. This can be explained by the important features being too 
small using this resolution for Faster R-CNN. Only the 1280 version was 
used in the benchmark.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline or any mention of random seed values. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on the provided context. However, some general strategies to manage randomness in deep learning pipelines include setting fixed seeds for reproducibility, employing techniques like cross-validation, averaging predictions from different runs, or using ensemble methods to reduce variability caused by random initialization.