Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Improving deep learning based bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura
Lymma) recognition

Avivit Levy a, *, Adi Barash b, c, Chen Zaguri a, Ariel Hadad a, Polina Polsky a
a Software Engineering, Shenkar College of Engineering and Design, Anna Frank 12, Ramat-Gan 52526, Israel
b Sharks in Israel, NGO for the Conservation of Sharks and Rays, Kibbutz Amir, 1214000, Israel
c The Steinhart Museum of Natural History Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 6901127, Israel

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Computer vision
Citizen science
Ecological study
Marine animal recognition
Pose handling

1. Introduction

1.1. Motivation

2. on the other hand, a practically reasonable pipeline for recognition
can be achieved despite the problem specification challenges, using a
careful examination of different factors, such as pose handling, while
bearing some surprises to the Computer Vision community, e.g., the
advantage of a feature-extraction enhancement (avoiding data
augmentation) over using augmentation techniques.

Preprocessing the input instead of relying on data augmentation is a
preferred way with significantly better results, seemingly by-passing the
difficulty of the Siamese network to learn similarity in the presence of so
few examples. It could be, however, that there is still a better way to by-
pass this difficulty but also exploit the power of augmentations.

CRediT authorship contribution statement

Malialis, K., Panayiotou, C.G., Polycarpou, M.M., 2020. Data-efficient online

classification with siamese networks and active learning. In: In: 2020 International
Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN). IEEE, pp. 1–7.

Manzoor, M., Bhat, K.A., Khurshid, N., Yatoo, A.M., Zaheen, Z., Ali, S., Ali, M.N.,

Amin, I., Mir, M.U.R., Rashid, S.M., et al., 2021. Bio-indicator species and their role
in monitoring water pollution. In: Freshwater Pollution and Aquatic Ecosystems.
Apple Academic Press, pp. 321–347.

Marshall, A., Pierce, S., 2012. The use and abuse of photographic identification in sharks

and rays. J. Fish Biol. 80 (5), 1361–1379.

Melekhov, I., Kannala, J., Rahtu, E., 2016. Siamese network features for image matching.
In: 2016 23rd International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR), pp. 378–383.
https://doi.org/10.1109/ICPR.2016.7899663.

Misra, I., van der Maaten, L., 2019. Self-Supervised Learning of Pretext-Invariant

performance of a fine-tuned Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and
showed that the CNN outperforms the traditional classification methods.
Salman et al., (2016) compared traditional classification methods such
as SVM, k-Nearest Neighbours (K(cid:0) NN), and Sparse Representation
Classifier with CNN. They achieve an average classification rate of more
than 90% on the LifeCLEF14 (Joly et al., 2014) and LifeCLEF15 (Joly
et al., 2015) fish datasets using CNN and generally a significantly lower
rate using the traditional methods. Siddiqui et al., (2017) reaches clas-
sification accuracy of 94.3% performance on fish species classification
using a very deep CNN with a cross-layer pooling approach for enhanced
discriminative ability to handle the limited labeled training data prob-
lem. Nepovinnykh et al., (2018) examine two methods of Saimaa ringed
seal identification based on transfer learning: retraining of an existing
convolutional neural network (CNN) versus using the CNN trained for

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used for improving bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura lymma) recognition. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the specific data repository link from the given context.