Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

shown to reduce the processing time of image classification load by as 
much as 5× to 13× depending on the tasks (Fennell et al., 2022; Henrich

Separate  two-class  models  were  trained  for  Finnmark  and  Yamal 
using  the  keras  package  in  R  (Allaire  and  Chollet,  2023)  with  a  Ten-
sorFlow  backend (Allaire  and Tang,  2023).  Preliminary trials  showed 
that region-specific models performed better. The ResNet-50 architec-
ture, a convolutional neural network that is 50 layers deep (He et al., 
2015), was used to train the models with 55 epochs (number of times the 
algorithm goes through the entire training data set) and a batch size of 
64  (number  of  samples  to  work  through  before  updating  model  pa-
rameters)  with  a  one-cycle  learning  rate  (hyperparameter  controlling 
model  response  to  estimated  error  each  time  the  model  weights  are 
updated) policy with a minimum of 0.000001 and a maximum of 0.001 
(Smith, 2018).

g Google AI for Nature and Society, Mountain View, California, USA

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Arctic wildlife monitoring 
Deep learning 
ResNet-50 
MegaDetector 
Time-lapse camera

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that a one-cycle learning rate policy was employed during the training process. This policy is not an optimization technique itself but rather a method for scheduling the learning rate over the course of training. However, it can be used in conjunction with various optimization algorithms such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). Unfortunately, the specific optimization algorithm used in this case is not explicitly stated in the given context. Therefore, based on the information available, we cannot definitively determine which optimization technique was applied in the deep learning pipeline.