Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The relational schema of CASE’s database is shown in Fig. A.18. CASE is based on a concept of Task, i.e., a questionnaire that must be fulfilled by a 
User (i.e., an on-field operator). Each task is composed by a set of Questions, categorized in different types (e.g., multiple answers, date picker) each 
composed by a set of predefined Answers (one of which could be an open answer, defined by the user when selecting the Given answer). The 
dynamic aspect of CASE’s questionnaires lies in the association of each possible answer with a different one to be shown next. Thus, users fulfilling the 
same task may follow different paths of questions depending on the given answers. This enables a customized and efficient user experience, as detailed 
questions on a given topic may be asked only if such a topic has been mentioned by the user. Instances of tasks (i.e., Task on geo-object) are

3.2.4. Analytical fruition 

The provisioning of analytical capabilities often builds on multidi-
mensional representations of the data, which offer efficient support to 
query  answering  (Golfarelli  and  Rizzi,  2009).  To  this  end,  a  multidi-
mensional spatial cube called Captures is created in the Access tier. 
The schema of the cube is shown in Fig. 6 using the conceptual DFM 
notation (Golfarelli and Rizzi, 2009). Full details about the interpreta-
tion of the conceptual model are disclosed in Appendix A.3.

3.2.1. Data sources 

A  summary  of  the  many  data  sources  is  shown  in  Table  1,  which 
reports the frequency of updates and space occupation for each source. 
The monitoring network (managed by CASE, introduced in Section 
3.1.2) is the main source, providing the number of H. halys captures on a 
weekly basis. For each deployed trap, we collected the coordinates of 
deployment and a list of environmental elements visually identified in 
the surroundings by the technician that deployed the trap (e.g., tree fruit 
crops, herbaceous crops, buildings). Then, for each deployed trap and 
week within the monitoring session, we collected the number of H. halys 
captured (divided into small instars, large instars, and adults), together 
with an indication of the correct functioning of the trap.

associated with Geo-objects, i.e., georeferenced elements (e.g., fields, plants, traps) that are the subject of the questionnaire. Thus, the fulfillment of 
a task is limited to users who are located within a given maximum distance. Users have visibility on the geo-objects in a given Area (e.g., a farm, a 
province), and geo-objects are associated with a period of activity named Monitoring session.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no information regarding the postprocessing steps involved after the model training. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.