Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

At the time of writing, global-scale GFW data were downloadable for 
scientific purposes for the 2012–2016 period only. GFW distributes 
◦
vessel  data  aggregated  at  0.01
resolutions  with  fishing 
activity cells already classified through a machine learning model.

As  further  applications,  our  workflow  can  also  be  used  by  other 
systems  to  (i)  extend  current  vessel  activity  classification  processes 
through a more flexible approach that works in data-limited scenarios, 
(ii) identify bycatch species when catchability and fishing gear data are 
available, (iii) study the effects of fisheries on habitats and populations’ 
growth  when  species  distribution  and  life-history-trait  data  are  avail-
able. FAIR data and Open Science-oriented technology guarantee inte-
grating  new  data  sources  rapidly  and  reusing  the  workflow  in  other 
systems. 

2. Materials and methods 

Our  process  is  an  Open  Science  workflow  that  combines  vessel 
tracking data from satellite and AIS systems with global, high-quality, 
environmental,  biodiversity,  and  fishery  data  (Fig.  1).  The  core  pro-
cess is made up of three macro-steps:

The first case study has shown that our Open Science process can 
produce  consistent  information  from  two  different  and  large  input 
datasets. The extracted major fishing patterns differ because of (i) the 
heterogeneous data collection systems used, (ii) the order of magnitude 
difference  of  the  dataset  sizes,  and  (iii)  the  different  fishing-activity 
classification  algorithms  used.  However,  the  extracted  information 
about  stocks,  species  composition,  vulnerability  levels,  and  fishing 
pressure per species, largely overlaps and thus is cross-dataset consis-
tent. The detected stocks are also monitored by the Northwest Atlantic 
Fisheries Organization in the study area (NAFO, 2020), and the highest 
impacted species have been reported as bycatch species in this area also 
by other studies. For example, Puffinus gravis and Larus argentatus are 
seabirds  commonly  captured  in  the  Northwest  Atlantic  (Zhou  et  al.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no mention of a specific code repository such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket for the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.