Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

III. 

MATERIALS AND METHODS 

In  this  section  the  dataset  used  in  the  study  is  presented 
along with the modelling approach taken and the evaluation 
metrics used to evaluate the trained model. The section also 
discusses data pre-processing using the Librosa library. Keras 
and TensorFlow 2.2 are utilised as the backend and an Nvidia 
2070 super GPU with 8GB of memory is utilised to accelerate 
model training. In addition, the proposed inferencing pipeline 
is discussed along with the associated technologies. 
A.  Data Collection and Description

true  positive  rate  while 

the 

The  trained  model  is  hosted  using  TensorFlow  2.2  and 
served  through  a  public  facing  website  developed  by  the 
authors 2 .  CUDA  11  and  cuDNN  7.6.5  enables  the  GPU 
accelerated learning aspect of the pipeline. A Samsung S10 is 
used  to  record  garden  birds  and  automatically  upload  the 
acquired audio to the platform using the Simple Mail Transfer 
Protocol (SMTP) for classification. Figure 6 shows the end-
to-end inferencing pipeline starting with the sensor and ending 
with the public facing conservationAI site as shown in Figure 
7.  Due  to  the  use  of  standard  protocols,  the  system  can 
interface  with  a  variety  of  sensors  for  real-time  inference. 
Where in field communication is unavailable, audio files can 
be batch uploaded through the website for offline inferencing. 

Figure 6. End-to-end Inferencing Pipeline 

Figure 7. ConservationAI Platform 

Inferencing

Figure 7. ConservationAI Platform 

Inferencing 

is  undertaken  on  a  custom-built  server 
containing an Intel Xeon E5-1630v3 CPU, 64GB of RAM and 
a  NVidia  Quadro  RTX  8000  GPU.  Figure  8  shows  the 
individual stages of the inferencing data pre-processing stages. 

Figure 5. Summary of the Compiled Model 

The MLP was trained over 100 epochs as the results show 
this was a sufficient number for the model to converge without 

2 www.conservationai.co.uk 

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on November 16,2023 at 09:46:32 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

 
                                                 
 
 
 
Get Audio From SMTP 
Directory

Segment Acquired Audio 
File into a Fixed Length 

Extract MFCC Features

Run Classification

Return Predicted Vector

Figure 8. Date Pre-processing Stages

Figure 8. Date Pre-processing Stages 

The  acquired  audio  files  are  transmitted  over  4G  using 
SMTP. The audio file is segmented into 15 second windows. 
Each of the sample windows are passed to the feature extractor 
function where MFCC is used to return the extracted features 
for the classifier. The predicted vector is processed and logged 
to the site for review. 

IV. 

EVALUATION AND DISCUSSION 

In this section the classification results are presented using 
the  evaluation  metrics  outlined  previously.  The  deployment 
and inferencing of the trained model in test environment are 
also presented to ascertain the effectiveness of the end-to-end 
pipeline. 
A.  Species Classification Performance

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Answer: An Nvidia 2070 Super GPU with 8GB of memory is utilized to accelerate model training. Additionally, CUDA 11 and cuDNN 7.6.5 enable the GPU accelerated learning aspect of the pipeline. For inferencing, a custom-built server containing an Intel Xeon E5-1630v3 CPU, 64GB of RAM, and a NVidia Quadro RTX 8000 GPU is used.