Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

large  training  datasets.  We  provide  simple  and  automated  meth-

connected to a Raspberry Pi (detailed explanation of the developed 

ods for collecting a very large number of labelled pictures by using 

setup  is  available  at  github.com/AndreCFerreira/Bird_individualID) 

FERREIRA Et Al. 2041210x, 2020, 9, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.13436 by Vamsi Krishna Kommineni - Friedrich-Schiller-Universität , Wiley Online Library on [28/08/2024]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons LicenseMethods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

    |  1075

learning methods such as CNN.

hold would result in discarding 77% of the images of birds present in 

The  most  powerful  aspect  of  CNNs  is  that  they  can  provide  a 

the training dataset.

4 |  D I S C U S S I O N

generalized identification solution. However, the capacity for a CNN 

to work effectively across contexts will be affected by variation in 

the recording conditions, for example due to light intensity, shadow 

or characteristics inherent to the recording quality. One solution to 

this is to ensure that the training dataset contains sufficient variation 

Deep  learning  has  the  potential  to  revolutionize  the  way  in  which 

to capture the broad range of contexts that the CNN is required for. 

researchers identify individuals. Here we propose a practical way of 

Photographing the animals across different times of the day and in 

collecting large labelled datasets, which is currently the main bottle-

has been restricted to standardized conditions (e.g. Pérez-Escudero 

deep learning approach for a given study is to guarantee that enough 

et al., 2014) that are not easily satisfied when working with wild an-

training data can be collected to train a model. Our data from two wild 

imal populations.

populations showed that we can rely on RFID technology to gather 

Besides  the  recording  conditions,  it  is  also  important  to  con-

large amounts of automatically labelled data. Since this technology 

sider  how  tags  used  for  human  identification  could  artificially  in-

is now widely used for research on birds (e.g. Aplin et al., 2015), we 

crease the accuracy of the models. For example, here the sociable 

believe that the proposed method for automatizing data collection 

weavers  had  three  coloured  bands  and  a  metal  ring  in  their  legs 

for  deep  learning  applications  could  be  easily  and  rapidly  imple-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

To collect raw data for deep learning pipelines, various methods are employed depending on the specific application and requirements. In the field of ecology, one common method involves utilizing Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology connected to devices like Raspberry Pi. This setup enables researchers to gather large amounts of automatically labeled data, especially when studying bird populations. By attaching RFID tags to birds and installing RFID readers near nests, researchers can monitor parental visits and other behaviors without manual intervention.

Additionally, deep learning approaches have been successful in identifying and counting animal or plant species through image analysis. To create comprehensive training datasets, researchers photograph subjects under varying conditions, including different lighting intensities and shadows. This ensures that the trained Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) can accurately classify objects despite changes in environmental factors.

Moreover, publicly available datasets can serve as valuable resources for gathering raw data. These datasets may contain information on diverse topics, ranging from wildlife behavior to climate patterns. Researchers can leverage these existing databases to supplement their own data collection efforts or even build entire projects around them.

Overall, the choice of method for collecting raw data depends largely on the nature of the project and its objectives. Combining multiple sources, such as sensor readings, survey results, and open datasets, can lead to more robust and accurate deep learning models.