Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

training process, thus reducing the intra-class distance. A value was also 
added to the cosine of the angle between the features and the non-target

In this work, a model that successfully captures global interdepen-
dence was presented while expanding the intrinsic field of perception 
and reducing local redundancy. It is important to note that the devel-
oped network resembles the Transformer architecture used for the text 
classification task. Transformer classifies words at the sentence level by 
taking into consideration their placement and relationships in addition 
to simply adding meaning. Furthermore, the suggested model can more 
effectively solve these concerns since the produced sika deers dataset 
was  vulnerable  to  complicated  backdrops  and  low  levels  of  pattern, 
variety,  location,  and  distribution  of  the  features.  From  the  acquired 
experimental results, it was demonstrated that the introduced model can 
effectively identify sika deers with an accuracy of 97.68% from the deer 
face  dataset.  Relatively  high  accuracy,  better  robustness,  and  better

To assess the classification accuracy of the model, the most intuitive 
and  straightforward  method  to  compute  was  employed,  which  is  the 
confusion matrix, as shown in Fig. 12. The confusion matrix was used to 
quickly  observe  the  performance  of  the  model  on  each  category  and 
calculate  the  accuracy,  precision,  and  other  evaluation  indicators  of 
each category. In the confusion matrix of the article, the data have been 
normalized in the row direction. The 6 rows and 6 columns represent 6 
categories, respectively. True denotes the actual image category of the 
sample and Precision refers to the category output by the model. The 
value of the main diagonal position in the matrix represents the ratio of 
the model to the correct prediction of each category; the sum of the data 
excluding the main diagonal position in each row represents the rate of 
the missed detection of this model for this category; in each column, the

First, the acquired image data were randomly generated in 8:2 ratio 
with  the  corresponding  training  and  test  sets,  which  were  uniformly 
adjusted to a size of 224 × 224 for network model training and accuracy 
testing,  respectively.  The  training  set  was  4674  and  the  test  set  was 
1169.  Normally,  enough  samples  are  required  to  train  the  model. 
However, the data set was enlarged to avoid experimental overfitting. In 
this  work,  the  training  dataset  was  increased  to  6360  photos  using 
random cropping, vertical flipping, and horizontal flipping. Each input 
was set to 1 in the experiments in this work since the problem is a multi- 
class  problem,  and  each  image  comprises  example  values  from  many 
classes (e.g. prime points). 

13. Analysis of the experimental results 

Ablation and comparison experiments were used to demonstrate the 
validity  of  the  validation  in  this  work  and  the  results  are  shown  in 
Table 2 and Fig. 8.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: After the model training, several postprocessing steps were taken to evaluate the performance of the proposed model. One such step was the use of a confusion matrix to calculate the accuracy, precision, and other evaluation indicators of each category. The confusion matrix was normalized in the row direction, representing six categories. The true label denoted the actual image category of the sample, while the predicted label referred to the category output by the model. The value of the main diagonal position in the matrix represented the ratio of the model's correct predictions for each category. The sum of the data excluding the main diagonal position in each row represented the rate of missed detections of this model for this category. Another postprocessing step was the ablation and comparison experiments conducted to validate the effectiveness of the proposed model. These experiments aimed to show the validity of the validation in this work, and the results were displayed in Table 2 and Figure 8.