Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

36.

Random Forest supervised learning model. BMC Genet. 2019, 20, 2. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
Jin, S.; Zeng, X.; Xia, F.; Huang, W.; Liu, X. Application of deep learning methods in biological networks. Brief. Bioinform. 2021, 22,
1902–1917. [CrossRef]

37. Kumar, S.; Stecher, G.; Li, M.; Knyaz, C.; Tamura, K. MEGA X: Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis across Computing

Platforms. Mol. Biol. Evol. 2018, 35, 1547–1549. [CrossRef]

38. Chu, Z.; Yu, J. An end-to-end model for rice yield prediction using deep learning fusion. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2020, 174,

105471. [CrossRef]

39. Chen, J.; Sathe, S.; Aggarwal, C.; Turaga, D. Outlier Detection with Autoencoder Ensembles. In Proceedings of the 2017 SIAM

International Conference on Data Mining (SDM), Houston, TX, USA, 27–29 April 2017; pp. 90–98. [CrossRef]

Symmetry 2021, 13, 1599

16 of 16

40. Homoliak, I. Convergence Optimization of Backpropagation Artiﬁcial Neural Network Used for Dichotomous Classiﬁcation of

Another considerable experimental result is that Elastic Net can improve the perfor-
mance of the proposed model. A good deep learning model usually requires abundant
data to train and analyze, while the limitations of obtaining DNA barcode sequences of ﬁsh
species from different families and the problem of overﬁtting in small datasets are more
and more serious. To solve the overﬁtting problem in training process on small datasets
is of great importance. In our study, Elastic Net is used to solve overﬁtting problem and
improve the generalization ability of the ESK model. Moreover, genetic characteristics
of species belong to high-dimensional data, which are time consuming during training.
However, directly combining a set of fully connected EN-SAE is often has little effect for
extracting useful information. Elastic Net provides sparse connection, which can also save
training time. Therefore, Elastic Net can improve the performance of proposed model.

Intrusion Detection Dataset. J. Comput. 2017, 143–155. [CrossRef]

41. Vincent, P.; Larochelle, H.; Lajoie, I.; Bengio, Y.; Manzagol, P.A. Stacked Denoising Autoencoders: Learning Useful Representations

in a Deep Network with a Local Denoising Criterion. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2010, 11, 3371–3408.

42. Taaffe, K.; Pearce, B.; Ritchie, G. Using kernel density estimation to model surgical procedure duration. Int. Trans. Oper. Res. 2018,

28, 401–418. [CrossRef]

43. Liu, F.T.; Ting, K.M.; Zhou, Z.H. Isolation-Based Anomaly Detection. ACM Trans. Knowl. Discov. Data 2012, 6, 1–39. [CrossRef]
44. Gou, J.; Liu, G.; Zuo, Y.; Wu, J. An Anomaly Detection Framework Based on Autoencoder and Nearest Neighbor. In Proceedings
of the 2018 15th International Conference on Service Systems and Service Management (ICSSSM), Hangzhou, China, 21–22 July
2018; IEEE: Piscataway, NJ, USA, 2018; pp. 1–6. [CrossRef]

Abstract: Fish is one of the most extensive distributed organisms in the world. Fish taxonomy
is an important component of biodiversity and the basis of ﬁshery resources management. The
DNA barcode based on a short sequence fragment is a valuable molecular tool for ﬁsh classiﬁcation.
However, the high dimensionality of DNA barcode sequences and the limitation of the number of
ﬁsh species make it difﬁcult to reasonably analyze the DNA sequences and correctly classify ﬁsh
from different families. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning method that fuses Elastic
Net-Stacked Autoencoder (EN-SAE) with Kernel Density Estimation (KDE), named ESK model. In
stage one, the ESK preprocesses original data from DNA barcode sequences. In stage two, EN-SAE is
used to learn the deep features and obtain the outgroup score of each ﬁsh. In stage three, KDE is
used to select a threshold based on the outgroup scores and classify ﬁsh from different families. The

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, common practices for deploying such models include model serialization, platform selection, and integration into existing systems or applications. Model serialization involves saving the trained model parameters and architecture in a file format that can be loaded later for use. Platform selection refers to choosing a suitable environment for running the deployed model, such as cloud services, edge devices, or local servers. Integrating the model into existing systems may involve creating APIs or wrappers around the model to facilitate communication between the model and other components of the system.