Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

1017–1045. 

Wood, C.M., Kahl, S., Rahaman, A., Klinck, H., 2022. The machine learning–powered 
BirdNET app reduces barriers to global bird research by enabling citizen science 
participation. PLoS Biol. 20 (6), e3001670. 

Yoon, H.S., 2020. Band-tailed nighthawk (Nyctiprogne leucopyga), version 1.0. In: 

Schulenberg, T.S. (Ed.), Birds of the World. Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, NY, 
USA. https://doi.org/10.2173/bow.batnig1.01.  

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1018617

(minimum and maximum length, respectively); and a maximum inter-
syllable gap of 4 s. In this step Kaleidoscope automatically extracted all 
sounds  that  satisfied  the  signal  parameters  introduced  and  saved  the 
output.

In  this  study,  we  aimed  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  PAM,  when 
coupled  with  automated  signal  recognition  software,  to  gain  insights 
into the ecology of species with very limited information available. More 
specifically, we aimed to (1) develop an index that is easy and fast to 
compute and transposable to other regions and taxa, to identify species 
for  which  we  have  a  clear  gap  of  knowledge.  We  also  aimed  to  (2) 
evaluate the use of automated signal recognition software as a feasible 
technique  for  monitoring  cryptic  and  nocturnal  bird  species  over  a 
complete annual cycle at multiple sites. Such evaluation may be useful 
for future monitoring programs aiming to use automated signal recog-
nition software. We have focused our study on a bird species living in 
tropical forests due to the high extinction risk of tropical birds (Brooks 
et al., 1999), but the lessons learned in this study might be useful for taxa

Lambert, K.T., McDonald, P.G., 2014. A low-cost, yet simple and highly repeatable 
system for acoustically surveying cryptic species. Aust. Ecol. 39 (7), 779–785. 
LeBien, J., Zhong, M., Campos-Cerqueira, M., Velev, J.P., Dodhia, R., Ferres, J.L., Aide, T. 
M., 2020. A pipeline for identification of bird and frog species in tropical soundscape 
recordings using a convolutional neural network. Ecol. Informat. 59, 101113. 
Lin, H.Y., Binley, A.D., Schuster, R., Rodewald, A.D., Buxton, R., Bennett, J.R., 2022. 
Using community science data to help identify threatened species occurrences 
outside of known ranges. Biol. Conserv. 268, 109523. 

Maxwell, S.L., Fuller, R.A., Brooks, T.M., Watson, J.E.M., 2016. Biodiversity: the ravages 

of guns, nets and bulldozers. Nature 536, 143–145.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The purpose of the deep learning model used in this study is not explicitly stated in the given context. However, based on the overall goal of the study, it can be inferred that the deep learning model was likely used for classification purposes. This is because the study aims to evaluate the use of automated signal recognition software, such as a deep learning model, for monitoring cryptic and nocturnal bird species. Specifically, the study mentions the use of a convolutional neural network (CNN) for identifying bird and frog species in tropical soundscape recordings. CNNs are commonly used for image or audio classification tasks, where they learn to classify input data into different categories based on patterns in the data. Therefore, it can be assumed that the deep learning model in this study was used for classifying bird sounds into different species categories.