Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

by  its  relatively  constant  performance  regardless  of  the  number  of 
background  points  used  to  train  component  models.  As  with  many 
ecological  problems, the  decisions made during  the modeling process 
demand careful consideration in the full context of the question at hand, 
since different questions often differ in their requirements from a model.

4.2. Ensemble models

2.7. Subsetting background points 

We  made  three  random  selections  of  background  points  from  the 
training dataset for use during model construction. First, we made the 
“1×” selection, which selected the same number of background points as 
presences in the training dataset. Second, we made the “10×” selection, 
which selected a number of background points equal to ten times the 
number of presences in the training dataset. Third, we made the “10 K” 
selection, which selected 10,000 background points from the training 
dataset.  We  used  this  approach  to  maintain  consistency  across  back-
ground  points  used  to  train  each  model  so  there  was  no  variation  in 
model results due to variation in the response variable. 

2.8. Training individual models

Fig. 2. Diagram showing the procedure used to build models. (a) Obtain presences (red circles) and generate background points (black triangles). (b) Separate data 
into folds. (c) Set aside one fold to use as an external evaluation dataset and keep the remaining folds as training data. (d) Perform scale optimization for envi-
ronmental covariates: calculate focal statistics for each covariate using a moving window of radius equal to each scale to be tested, then compare scales using t-tests. 
(e) Subsample background points in the training data to create three datasets: one with the number of background points equal to the number of presences (1×), one 
with a number of background points equal to 10 times the number of presences (10×), and 10,000 background points (10K). Keep the number of presences the same. 
(f) Train component models separately using each background point subsample. (g) Evaluate component models using the evaluation dataset (using AUC and TSS).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on the deployment process of a trained deep learning model. It primarily discusses the methodology used to construct ensemble models by selecting background points and training individual models. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding the deployment process based on the given context.