Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Researchers have developed numerous WQP inversion algorithms for 
different lakes over the years. These algorithms include Band Ratio (BR), 
Three Bands (TB), NDCI, NDTI, Multiple Linear Regression (MLR), and 
more.  In  this  study,  the  development  of  these  algorithms  is  also 
considered. Moreover, deep learning algorithms were also considered, 
however,  the  limited  number  of  samples  was  not  conducive  to  deep 
learning, a point supported by the evidence in the research of Feng et al. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259716J. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

Fig. 18. Timeline of water quality changes in Nansi Lake.

the  Visible  Infrared  Imaging  Radiometer  Suite  (VIIRS)  (Jiang  et  al., 
2020; Shi et al., 2015; Zhang et al., 2016). However, when applied to 
small to medium-sized water bodies, issues such as insufficient spatial 
resolution (>100 m) and mixed pixels cannot be avoided. Some scholars 
have  also  used  Landsat  satellites  to  estimate  the  WQP,  but  the  long 
revisit period limited the number of available images (Andrzej Urbanski 
et al., 2016; Cao et al., 2020). Hyperspectral data have great potential 

Fig. 1. Technical route.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025972J. Zhang et al.

In recent years, machine learning (ML) has been applied in various 
fields  due  to  its  powerful  ability  to  handle  non-linear  relationships 
(Mohammadi et al., 2023), according to previous surveys, an increasing 
number of studies are attempting to use ML methods to estimate WQP. Li 
et al. established a Support Vector Machine (SVM) model to estimate 
Chla concentrations in 45 typical lakes in China based on measured data 
from 2017 to 2019; the results indicated that this model is suitable for 
lakes  with  medium  to  low  Chla  concentrations  (Li  et  al.,  2021). 
Muhammad et al. developed a neural network model called the Ocean 
Color  Network  (OGN)  to  estimate  Chla  concentrations  in  the  Barents 
Sea,  in  comparison  to  Gaussian  Process  Regression,  this  network 
demonstrated  a  5.2%  reduction  in  mean  absolute  error  (Asim  et  al., 
2021). Ensemble learning (EL) is one of the key technologies in the field

chlorophyll-a estimation from Sentinel-2 (MSI) in the Barents Sea using machine 
learning. IEEE J. Select. Top. Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 14, 5529–5549. 
Bauer, E., Kohavi, R.J.M.L., 1999. An empirical comparison of voting classification 

algorithms: bagging, boosting, and variants. Mach. Learn. 36, 105–139. 

Breiman, L., 2001. Random forests. Mach. Learn. 2, 199–228. 
Cao, Z., Ma, R., Duan, H., Pahlevan, N., Melack, J., Shen, M., Xue, K., 2020. A machine 
learning approach to estimate chlorophyll-a from Landsat-8 measurements in inland 
lakes. Remote Sens. Environ. 248. 

Cao, Z., Melack, J.M., Liu, M., Kutser, T., Duan, H., Ma, R., 2023. Shifts, trends, and 
drivers of lake color across China since the 1980s. Geophys. Res. Lett. 50. 

Chen, T., Guestrin, C., 2016. XGBoost: A scalable tree boosting system. In: The 22nd ACM 

SIGKDD International Conference.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that researchers have developed numerous Water Quality Parameters (WQP) inversion algorithms for different lakes over the years. These algorithms include Band Ratio (BR), Three Bands (TB), NDCI, NDTI, Multiple Linear Regression (MLR), and more. It also states that some scholars have used Landsat satellites to estimate the WQP, while others have used hyperspectral data. Additionally, machine learning (ML) has been applied in various fields due to its powerful ability to handle non-linear relationships. Specifically, Li et al. established a Support Vector Machine (SVM) model to estimate Chla concentrations in 45 typical lakes in China based on measured data from 2017 to 2019. Muhammad et al. developed a neural network model called the Ocean Color Network (OCNet) to estimate Chla concentrations in the Barents Sea. Therefore, it can be inferred that remote sensing data, such as satellite imagery or hyperspectral data, may be used as input for deep learning models in estimating WQP. Publicly available datasets, such as those collected by government agencies or research institutions, could also potentially be used as training data for deep learning models. Surveys or sensor data may also be used to collect relevant information for deep learning applications in this domain.