Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

equally biased (Phillips et al., 2009). This is achieved by transforming
the model input data using four approaches which can be categorized
according to two criteria: i) the dataset concerned with the transfor-
mation (presence sites or background sites); and ii) the implementation
spaces of the transformation (geographical or environmental space).
When the presence dataset is considered, the authors aim at modifying
its distribution to tend toward a uniform distribution, and the back-
ground set is obtained via a uniform random selection. The im-
plementation space of such an approach is either the geographical space
(see for example Boria et al., 2014; Kramer-Schadt et al., 2013) or en-
vironmental feature space (see Fourcade et al., 2014; Varela et al.,
2014). This approach seems to be eﬀective, but requires many presence
sites (Fourcade et al., 2014). When the background set is considered, it
is built according to a selection bias that reﬂects the same sampling bias

i,

The parameter Dmin is set from a priori knowledge of the species bio-
ecology. Particularly, given P, the set of pixels where the species was
observed and U, the set of pixels where the species is known to be
absent, Dmin can be deﬁned as follows:

D

min

=

min

p P u U
,

∊

∊

d
(

)

pu

(2)

The general concepts of environmental space and environmental

neighborhood are schematically represented in Fig. 1.

Given X, the set of pixels of the study area, and S the set of sampled
pixels, the related sampling eﬀort for pixel i, denoted zi, is deﬁned as:

z

i

=

sum

w
j S ij
∊

/sum

w
k X ik

∊

(3)

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, there is no explicit mention of a deep learning model being used. However, the text discusses Species Distribution Models (SDMs) and their limitations due to factors like scarce species occurrences and insufficient species records. These models seem to focus on predicting suitable habitats for specific species based on various environmental features.

In this case, the purpose of these models appears to be spatial prediction rather than traditional deep learning tasks like image classification, object detection, or semantic segmentation. Nevertheless, deep learning techniques could potentially be applied to improve SDMs by incorporating more complex relationships between environmental variables and species distributions.