Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

σ(x) =

1
1 + e−x

(1)

Input Data

In this paper, the input data are 40-dimensional data. Due to the large time span and large land
area in the training data, there are large diﬀerences in the distribution between diﬀerent batches of
training data in the training stage, and there is a certain distribution diﬀerence between the training set
and the test set. Therefore, batch normalization is performed on the input data, where the speciﬁc
calculation/transformation of BatchNorm (Algorithm 1) is shown below. First, the mean of each
channel in the current batch is calculated, and then, the variance of each channel in the current batch is
calculated. The mean is subtracted from the input, and the result is divided by the standard deviation
to obtain the normalized output ˆχ
i is multiplied by the scale parameter γ, and the shift
parameter β is added to obtain the ﬁnal output yi:

i; then, ˆχ

Figure 4. Deep learning module.

A multilayer perceptron (MLP) is also known as an ANN. In addition to the input/output layer,
it can have multiple hidden layers in between. The simplest MLP contains only one hidden layer,
i.e., a total of three layers, and its structure is shown in Figure 5. The MLP has full connections between
the layers. The bottom layer of the MLP is the input layer, the middle layer is the hidden layer, and the
top layer is the output layer. Assuming that the input layer is denoted by the vector X, then the output
of the hidden layer is f (W1X + b1), where W1 is the weight and b1 is the oﬀset. The commonly used
functions (f) include the sigmoid function, tanh function, ReLU function, among others.

DM in series. The deep learning method can model complex spatiotemporal dependencies, fit the drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC, derive the probability maps needed for the SM, and perform further LU simulations.  Figure 4. Deep learning module. A multilayer perceptron (MLP) is also known as an ANN. In addition to the input/output layer, it can have multiple hidden layers in between. The simplest MLP contains only one hidden layer, i.e., a total of three layers, and its structure is shown in Figure 5. The MLP has full connections between the layers. The bottom layer of the MLP is the input layer, the middle layer is the hidden layer, and the top layer is the output layer. Assuming that the input layer is denoted by the vector X, then the output of the hidden layer is f (W1X + b1), where W1 is the weight and b1 is the offset. The commonly used functions (f) include the sigmoid function, tanh function, ReLU function, among others. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific hardware resources used for training the deep learning model. It discusses the use of a multilayer perceptron (MLP) or artificial neural network (ANN) for modeling complex spatiotemporal dependencies and deriving probability maps for land use change simulations. However, details regarding the computational infrastructure employed during the training process are not mentioned.