Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

An  issue  with  deep  learning  methods  is  that  it  can  be  difficult  to 
obtain enough ground truth data. Sharma et al. (2017) utilized crowd-
sourcing, involving non-expert users for obtaining manual annotation, 
and demonstrated the efficacy of their method on karyotyping images of 
chromosomes.

ingful outputs. In Fig. 15a, we apply a window with a size corresponding 
to 0.29mm2. Given a set of thin binary filaments, each with a unique ID, 
eq. (1) can be applied to each filament to get its length (Fig. 15b). To 
visualize the network structure, we can consider two diverse represen-
tations (Fig. 15c &  15d). In Fig. 15c, the separated hyphae have been

As  mentioned  in  Section  4.1,  performances  may  be  improved  by 
exploiting machine learning. Specifically, (Guo et al., 2021) extracted 
spherical patches around points of interest in the 3D volumetric images 
and used a deep learning-based model to classify the point of interest: if 
the point of interest was a cross-over point/overlap, the incoming fila-
ments were separated. With respect to the approach proposed in (Guo 
et  al.,  2021),  our  approach  is  similar  for  hierarchically  starting  by 
creating an overview and then locally analyzing the points of interest. 
Meanwhile, (Guo et al., 2021) analyzes all potential points of interest by 
considering a patch with a fixed radius, which may be advantageous in 
3D thanks to the volumetric information. We locally analyze the points 
of  interest  considering  their  respective  filament  angles  in  order  to  be 
able to identify overlaps with geometrical branch points far from each

√

̅̅̅
2

In  case  (a),  to  compensate  for  small  displacements  of  the  ground 
truth, for all three datasets, we used the tolerance used by Wang et al. 
pixels) was adopted as tolerance value. This type of 
(2019), (i.e., 6
statistical evaluation measures suffers from the issue that they do not 
reward closeness or penalize distance from the actual ridge line, which 
in  the  context  of  edge  detection  is  problematic  (Lopez-Molina  et  al., 
2013). Our visual inspections suggested that the automatic ridge local-
ization was typically more accurate than the manual annotations and 
that errors were caused by a lack of detection or detection of background 
objects. Consequently, we believe that the adopted measures are suit-
able for the application. 

Precision = TP

TP + FP

Recall = TP

TP + FN

F1 = 2⋅ Precision⋅Recall
Precision + Recall

=

2TP
2TP + FP + FN

MCC =

√

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given text does not provide specific details about any data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based solely on this context.