Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

5.3. Invasion outbreak of S. alterniﬂora

This is the ﬁrst time that the invasion outbreak of the S. alterniﬂora
was discovered at the regional scale, which beneﬁtted from the fol-
lowing three factors: (1) The proposed Ppf-CM eases the problems
caused by the scarcity of entire scene cloud-free Landsat scenes; (2) The
deep learning classiﬁer optimizes the use of the phenological
in-
formation yielded from Ppf-CM; (3) GEE provides an ideal platform for
handling massive amount of data required by the pixel-based method
(i.e. Ppf-CM) with its powerful data storage and high computational
capacity.

9

J. Tian, et al.

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Remote Sensing of Environment 242 (2020) 111745

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Remote Sensing of Environment

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/rse

Development of spectral-phenological features for deep learning to
understand Spartina alterniﬂora invasion
Jinyan Tiana,g, Le Wangb,⁎
Chen Shia, Massimo Menentid,e, Yong Gef, Sheng Nieh, Yang Oue, Xiaonan Songa, Xiaomeng Liua

, Dameng Yinb, Xiaojuan Lia,g, Chunyuan Diaoc, Huili Gonga,g,

T

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article mentions that the Google Earth Engine (GEE) was used to handle a large amount of data required by the pixel-based method (i.e., Ppf-CM). However, it does not explicitly state whether the deep learning model was deployed on this platform or another one such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform. Therefore, based on the given information, we cannot definitively determine which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model.