Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics61(2021)1012425M.M. Morgan and J. Braasch                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 5. The convolutional neural network architecture.  

3.2. Validation database performance 

After training the neural network, the generalizability and robust-
ness of the model was further tested on the validation dataset. In the case 
of  the  small  portion  of  multi-label  data,  if  either  or  both  of  the  two 
labeled classes was output as a prediction, that prediction was consid-
ered to be correct. 

The network performance on all six validation days is summarized in 
Table 5. The average classification accuracy is 84.9%, with the lowest 
reported  accuracy  being  81.7%,  and  the  highest  being  88.6%.  Recall 
scores are fairly comparable.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Long-term deep learning-facilitated environmental acoustic monitoring in 
the Capital Region of New York State 

M.M. Morgan *, J. Braasch 

School of Architecture (Architectural Acoustics), Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY 12180, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Acoustic environment 
Deep learning 
Biophony 
Passive acoustic monitoring

Pre-training on the both ResNet50 (He et al., 2016) and Inception 
(Szegedy et al., 2014) neural networks did not meaningfully improve 
classification performance, therefore this simpler architecture, similar to 
those implemented by (Ruff et al., 2020; Sprengel et al., 2016) was used 
instead. 

2.6. Generating prediction record

However, deep learning approaches are not without limitations, such 
as a lack of generalizablity to different recording sites with a different set 
of  target  species.  However,  even  with  state-of-the-art  approaches, 
location-specific  training  data  is  still  often  necessary  to  yield  crucial 
performance improvements (Kahl et al., 2019; Lasseck, 2019). For this 
reason, the neural network architecture implemented in this work was 
designed  to  be  retrained  in  under  20  min,  making  inevitable  dataset 
modifications for new recording sites practical.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly mention which specific platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, we cannot provide a definitive answer regarding whether they used platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.