Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

32. M. Simon, E. Rodner, and J. Denzler, “Part detector
discovery  in  deep  convolutional  neural  networks,”  in
Asian  Conference  on  Computer  Vision  (ACCV)  (2014),
pp. 162–177.

33. Van G. Horn, O. Mac Aodha, Y. Song, Y. Cui, C. Sun,
A.  Shepard,  H.  Adam,  P.  Perona,  and  S.  Belongie,
“The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection
Dataset,” in IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2018), pp. 8769–8778.
34. G. Yang and D. Ramanan, “Upgrading optical flow to
3D scene flow through optical expansion,” in Proceed-
ings  of  the  IEEE/CVF  Conference  on  Computer  Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) (2020), pp. 1334–1343.

PATTERN RECOGNITION AND IMAGE ANALYSIS 

 Vol. 31 

 No. 3 

 2021

488

RADIG  et  al.

Detection rates in the laboratory or at test data sets
of more than 90% can generally not be achieved in the
field under real, constantly changing conditions. For
this reason, a feedback mechanism is provided, which
involves the user in the optimization of the system, but
at  the  same  time  minimizes  the  labeling  effort  to  be
made  manually.  This  is  known  as  active  learning.  In
the actual application, the system will, at certain inter-
vals, forward images to humans, and after the annota-
tion these images will be used to train a classifier iter-
atively. Evaluation is carried out with a retained test set
of images annotated manually.

Monitoring  devices  will  likely  also  detect  species
that are unknown for the recognition system. There-
fore, novelty detection is relevant [2, 3] which allows

he 

is 

fauna and flora using deep learning.

Dimitri Korsch is a Research Associ-
ate in the Computer Vision Group at
Friedrich  Schiller  University  Jena,
Germany.  He received his BSc and
MSc  degree  in  IT-Systems  Engi-
neering from University of Potsdam
in  2013  and  2016,  respectively.  His
research  interests  include  unsuper-
vised  machine  learning,  reinforce-
ment learning as well as fine-grained
visual categorization.

15. K. He, G. Gkioxari, P. Dollár, and R. Girshick, “Mask R-
CNN,” in Proceedings of the IEEE International Confer-
ence on Computer Vision (ICCV) (2017), pp. 2961–2969.
16. K. He, X. Zhang, S. Ren, and J. Sun, “Deep residual
learning for image recognition,” in IEEE Conference on
Computer  Vision  and  Pattern  Recognition  (CVPR)
(2016), pp. 770–778.

17. E. J. Howe, S. T. Buckland, M. L. Després-Einspen-
ner, and H. S. Kühl, “Distance sampling with camera
traps,” Methods Ecol. Evol. 8 (11), 1558–1565 (2017).
18. A. K. Kalan et al., “Towards the automated detection
and  occupancy  estimation  of  primates  using  passive
acoustic monitoring,” Ecol. Indic. 54, 217–226 (2015).
19. L.  Keselman,  J.  Iselin  Woodfill,  A.  Grunnet-Jepsen,
and A. Bhowmik, “Intel real-sense stereoscopic depth
cameras,”  in  Proceedings  of  the  IEEE  Conference  on
Computer  Vision  and  Pattern  Recognition  Workshops
(CVPR-WS) (2017), pp. 1–10.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide specific information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, common practices for deploying such models often involve model serialization, where the trained model is saved into a file format that can later be loaded by another program. Additionally, platform selection is crucial when deploying deep learning models, as it determines the hardware and software environment in which the model operates. Popular platforms for deploying deep learning models include cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure, as well as edge computing devices like NVIDIA Jetson or Intel Neural Compute Stick. Without further details, it is impossible to determine the exact process followed for this particular case.