Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

configuration of optimizer and learning rate which has been considered 
for the training of the framework. The EMViT-Net framework achieves 
prominent results as compared to other deep learning models and per-
forms better with an augmented set of EMDS-6 datasets.

In this work, a transformer-based network is constructed for the end- 
to-end classification of EMs. Although it has been noticed that ViT itself 
cannot  perform  better  classification  for  categorizing  environmental 
microbes, the combination of ViT with self- attention module and CNN 
achieved the best classification results. The performance of the proposed 
EMViT-Net and different deep-learning models is graphically presented 
in Fig. 8 which presents the validation and test accuracy on unseen data. 
The experimental results demonstrate that the performance ranking of 
all considered deep learning models remains unchanged on the valida-
tion  set  and  test  set.  The  accuracy  ranking  of  the  proposed  network 
EMViT-Net  is  still  first  which  states  that  the  proposed  model  is  more

To further validate the performance of the proposed model EMViT- 
Net,  the  acquired  findings  were  compared  with  other  state-of-the-art 
models. The performance measures used to compare the performance 
of  EMViT-Net  with  other  deep  learning  models  are  evaluated  on  the 
validation set and test set of the considered dataset EMDS-6. The com-
parison of the classification results achieved by other pre-trained deep 
learning models is given in Table 4 and Table 5 which illustrates the 
finding on each set validation set and test set respectively by calculating 
the  average  value  of  precision,  recall  and  f1-score  for  all  categories 
which are named as Avg_Precision, Avg_Recall and Avg_F1-score. The 
detailed analysis of the proposed network EMViT-Net and other deep 
learning models with specific configurations on unseen test sets is out-
lined  here  which  shows  that  the  EMViT-Net  outperforms  precision,

Fig. 1. Workflow of the proposed work  

proposed for the classification of environmental microorganisms utiliz-
ing  the  capability  of  CNN  and  MLP  modules.  The  proposed  model  is 
tested on a publicly available dataset of environmental microorganism 
EMDS-6 combining 21 categories of microorganisms using microscopic 
images. Fig. 1. defines the workflow of the proposed framework. 

a separable convolutional parameter-sharing attention block allows the 
model to capture more local and global attention features which enables 
the model to classify different environmental microbes efficiently and 
reduce the complexity. 

a) Environmental  microorganism  images  are  collected  from  the  pub-
licly  available  dataset  EMDS-6  and  divided  into  three  sets  and  a 
training set is used for the training of EMViT-Net.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
A transformer-based network is utilized in the pipeline for the end-to-end classification of environmental microorganisms (EMs). This network combines Vision Transformer (ViT) with a self-attention module and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to achieve the best classification results. Additionally, a separable convolutional parameter-sharing attention block is employed to enable the model to capture both local and global attention features effectively.