Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In this work, we resorted to purely deterministic variants of these 

architectures.  The  models  were  implemented  using  the  deep  learning 
framework PyTorch Lightning (Falcon, 2019) which is built on top of 
PyTorch  (Paszke  et  al.,  2019)  and  enables  improved  scalability.  The 
hyperparameters were tuned using an Optuna-based (Akiba et al., 2019) 
hyperparameter optimization procedure.

regression  (Girshick,  2015).  However,  instead  of  employing  residual 
connections  between  the  layers  of  a  deep  neural network  to  obtain a 
single prediction, the Baseline Framework can be thought of as adding 
residual connections in between predictions.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Enhanced prediction of vegetation responses to extreme drought using deep 
learning and Earth observation data 

Klaus-Rudolf Kladny a,c, Marco Milanta a, Oto Mraz a, Koen Hufkens b, d, e, f, Benjamin 
D. Stocker b, d, e, f,* 
a Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
b Department of Environmental Systems Science, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland 
c Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Tübingen 72076, Germany 
d Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research WSL, Birmensdorf 8903, Switzerland 
e Institute of Geography, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland 
f Oeschger Centre for Climate Change Resarch, Bern 3012, Switzerland   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Drought impact forecasting 
Sentinel-2 
EarthNet2021 
ConvLSTM 
NDVI

2.2. Data 

The data used here was provided as part of the EarthNet2021 Chal-
lenge and consists of 23,904 training datacubes located across Europe

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The deep learning model in this study is built using the PyTorch Lightning framework, which is based on PyTorch. This information is found in the first sentence of the provided context, where it states, "The models were implemented using the deep learning framework PyTorch Lightning...which is built on top of PyTorch." Therefore, the answer to the query is that the deep learning model is built using the PyTorch Lightning framework, which is based on PyTorch.