Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

73

G. Wang

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Ecological Informatics

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf

Machine learning for inferring animal behavior from location and
movement data

T

Guiming Wang

Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Mail stop 9690, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Behavioral classiﬁcation
Computational ecology
Hidden Markov model
Movement ecology
State space model
Supervised learning algorithm
Unsupervised learning algorithm

quantifying habitat selection. Divers. Distrib. 20, 322–333.

Langrock, R., King, R., Matthiopoulos, J., Thomas, L., Fortin, D., Morales, J.M., 2012.

Ropert-Coudert, Y., Wilson, R.P., 2005. Trends and perspectives in animal-attached re-

Flexible and practical modeling of animal telemetry data: hidden Markov models and
extensions. Ecology 93, 2336–2342.

Lunn, D.C.J., Nest, N., Thomas, A., Spiegelhalter, 2013. The BUGS Book: A Practical

Introduction to Bayesian analysis. CRC Press, Boca Raton, Florida.

Martin, P., Bateson, P., 2001. Measuring Behaviour: An Introductory Guide, 2nd ed.

Cambridge University Presss, Cambridge, UK.

Martiskainen, P., Järvinen, M., Skön, J.-P., Tiirikainen, J., Kolehmainen, M., Mononen, J.,

2009. Cow behaviour pattern recognition using a three-dimensional accelerometer
and support vector machines. Appl. Anim. Behav. Sci. 119, 32–38.

Random forests have gained its popularity in ecological studies in-
cluding habitat selection and behavioral classiﬁcations of animals
(Cutler et al., 2007; Nathan et al., 2012; Shoemaker et al., 2018). The
random forest algorithm draws a large number of random samples from
the original data, ﬁts CARTs to each of the random samples without
pruning the tree, and then aggregates the “votes” or averages results
the trees to make classiﬁcation or numeric predictions
over all
(Breiman, 2001). Nathan et al. (2012) trained random forests to classify
seven diﬀerent behaviors of free-ranging griﬀon vultures (Gyps fulvus)
using triaxial ACC data and synchronized behavioral observations.
Random forests performed better than support vector machines in
classifying the behaviors of the vulture (Nathan et al., 2012). The
outperformance of random forest is probably because random forests
are an ensemble learning, which uses bagging (bootstrap aggregating)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any specific deep learning pipeline or its corresponding code repository link. Therefore, it is impossible to determine the requested GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket link based on this context alone.