Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

σ(x) =

1
1 + e−x

(1)

Input Data

In this paper, the input data are 40-dimensional data. Due to the large time span and large land
area in the training data, there are large diﬀerences in the distribution between diﬀerent batches of
training data in the training stage, and there is a certain distribution diﬀerence between the training set
and the test set. Therefore, batch normalization is performed on the input data, where the speciﬁc
calculation/transformation of BatchNorm (Algorithm 1) is shown below. First, the mean of each
channel in the current batch is calculated, and then, the variance of each channel in the current batch is
calculated. The mean is subtracted from the input, and the result is divided by the standard deviation
to obtain the normalized output ˆχ
i is multiplied by the scale parameter γ, and the shift
parameter β is added to obtain the ﬁnal output yi:

i; then, ˆχ

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

Remote Sens. 2020, 12, x FOR PEER REVIEW 7 of 22  2.3.3. Deep Learning Model Models based on artificial neural networks (ANNs), i.e., deep learning-based models, are gaining attention in the remote sensing domain [30–34]. The neural networks are used to fit the drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC. The drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC greatly influence the LUCC trajectories, play a dominant role in the study of the LUCC mechanism, and are the forces that cause changes in the LU patterns. Currently, the drivers of LUCC often include natural, socioeconomic, and political factors. The current consensus is that natural conditions control the basic trends and processes of the overall LUCC and the changes in the natural environment, such as climate change, and change the spatial distribution pattern of LU to a great extent. Human activities and socioeconomic factors are the main drivers of LUCC on a small spatiotemporal scale. LUCC is mainly driven by socioeconomic factors over short

7 of 22

2.3.3. Deep Learning Model

Models based on artiﬁcial neural networks (ANNs), i.e., deep learning-based models, are gaining
attention in the remote sensing domain [30–34]. The neural networks are used to ﬁt the drivers and
mechanisms of the LUCC. The drivers and mechanisms of the LUCC greatly inﬂuence the LUCC
trajectories, play a dominant role in the study of the LUCC mechanism, and are the forces that cause
changes in the LU patterns.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. It only discusses the use of artificial neural networks for fitting the drivers and mechanisms of Land Use and Cover Change (LUCC) but does not mention any details regarding the deployment of the trained model. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the given context.