Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To our knowledge, this is the first application of UMAP to directly 
estimate species distribution based on an analysis of bioclimatic vari-
ables.  Other  studies  have  used  DRM  to  visualize  results  from  deep 
learning models; e.g., Deneu et al. (2022) used tSNE (another DRM) to 
visualize input data and the results of applying a convolutional neural 
network to model the distribution of species at a fine resolution. On the 
other hand, we applied clustering to identify groups containing species 
and near background points to highlight how bioclimatic heterogeneity 
between clusters in the reduced dimension translates to geographic re-
gions, i.e., to show that groups in the reduced dimension have similar 
bioclimatic  properties  within  a  group,  but  differ  among  groups  (see 
Figs. 6, 7). This behavior underlines the nature of UMAP in that back-
ground points near species samples share similar bioclimatic properties

species distribution modeling based on remote sensing imagery: how to capture fine- 
grained and large-scale vegetation ecology with convolutional neural networks? 
Front. Plant Sci. 13, 839279 https://doi.org/10.3389/fpls.2022.839279. 
Diaz-Papkovich, A., Anderson-Trocme, L., Gravel, S., 2021. A review of UMAP in 

population genetics. J. Hum. Genet. 66, 85–91. https://doi.org/10.1038/s10038- 
020-00851-4. 

Dorrity, M.W., Saunders, L.M., Queitsch, C., Fields, S., Trapnell, C., 2020. Dimensionality 
reduction by UMAP to visualize physical and genetic interactions. Nat. Commun. 11, 
1537. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-15351-4. 

Elith, J., Leathwick, J.R., 2009. Species distribution models: ecological explanation and 
prediction across space and time. Annu. Rev. Ecol. Evol. Syst. 40, 677–697. https:// 
doi.org/10.1146/annurev.ecolsys.110308.120159.

In  ecology,  species  distribution  modeling  (SDM)  is  an  important 
research  area,  with  applications  in  conservation  management  of 
threatened species, analysis of invasive pests and climate change, and 
niche  modeling  (Franklin,  2013;  Srivastava  et  al.,  2019).  Different 
methods have been proposed to assess how bioclimatic variables influ-
ence  species  occurrence.  Some  machine  learning  techniques,  such  as 
support  vector  machines,  artificial  neural  networks,  random  forests, 
genetic algorithms, and maximum entropy, have been applied to study 
species distribution (Elith and Leathwick, 2009; Gobeyn et al., 2019). 
The fundamental problem in SDM is finding a subset of environmental 
conditions in certain regions that are similar to those in the locations 
where the individuals are found. This is normally achieved by fitting a 
model using a multivariate set of bioclimatic variables, associated with

The  volume  of  multivariate  data  increases  as  more  information  is 
generated in fields such as genomics, image analysis, population ecol-
ogy, and text processing. Dealing with multivariate data is a complex 
task that may lead to the curse of dimensionality; i.e., redundant or non- 
significant variables, degradation of model performance, and difficulty 
in visualizing the relationships between features (Anowar et al., 2021). 
To  address  these  problems,  dimensionality  reduction  methods  (DRM) 
provide tools to explore linear and non-linear featured relationships and 
help select and extract these from a multivariate space. Some examples 
of  linear  DRM  are  Principal  Components  Analysis,  Single  Value 
Decomposition,  and  Singular  Value  Decomposition  (Ayesha  et  al., 
2020).  However,  linear  DRM  cannot  address  more  complex  relation-
ships,  and  non-linear  DRM  have  thus  gained  importance  in  research.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) was used in the pipeline for species distribution modeling. The reference to Deneu et al. (2022) mentions the use of a CNN to model the distribution of species at a fine resolution. Additionally, the paper titled "Species distribution modeling based on remote sensing imagery" also suggests the use of CNNs for capturing fine-grained and large-scale vegetation ecology. Therefore, it can be inferred that a CNN was employed in the pipeline for species distribution modeling.