Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Funding 

This work was supported by the Department of Science and Tech-
nology (NMSHE) under Grant No: DST/CCP/TF-3/Phase-2/GBPNIHE/ 
2021. 

Declaration of generative AI in scientific writing 

During the preparation of this work, the authors used ChatGPT 3.5 
(https://chat.openai.com)  partially  in  order  to  improve  the  English 
language of  the manuscript. After using this tool/service, the authors 
reviewed and edited the content as needed and take full responsibility 
for the publication’s content. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability

over different periods (Huesca et al., 2009). Data mining techniques are 
another empirical model employed to extract valuable information from 
large  datasets,  enabling  the  identification  of  hidden  patterns  and  re-
lationships  between  variables  related  to  forest  fires  (Pourtaghi  et  al., 
2016). Simulation models are used to recreate fire behavior and spread 
under various artificially set conditions. They help researchers and fire 
managers  understand  how  different  factors  influence  fire  dynamics 
(Kanga  and  Singh,  2017).  Recent  advancements  in  machine  learning 
models (MLM) make them capable of handling complex datasets and can 
offer valuable insights into forest fire dynamics. Some of the works, like 
Gaudreau et al. (2016) have taken one step forward by modeling the 
wildfire in future climatic scenarios. They are proven to be reliable and 
efficient  means  of  determining  the  relative  critical  attributes  from

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259812M.S. Sarkar et al.

3.2. Model performance MLMs comparisons 

The performance of each MLM was assessed using several metrics, 
such as AUC, TSS, Kappa, and phi. The outcomes of these evaluations are 
presented  in  Table  3.  Additionally,  Fig.  4  visually  illustrates  the  pre-
dictive performance of each model with AUC values for both training 
and test datasets. Upon analysing the four performance metrics, it was 
evident that the selected models exhibited high consistency, except for 
the  CART.  The  performance  of  the  remaining  models  displayed  only 
slight variations within a small range, as shown in Table 3. Additionally, 
there was no discernible variation in the classifiers’ prediction accuracy 
according to the Kruskal-Wallis statistic (p > 0.05).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the deployment process of the trained deep learning model in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide any specific details about the method used for model serialization or platform selection.