Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

are not enough data available to reliably fit every type of model, espe-
cially  given  the  demanding  nature  of  some  machine  learning  ap-
proaches,  and  computation  time  can  be  a  considerable  limitation  as 
well, such as for more demanding Bayesian models. The package will 
raise warnings and highlighted messages in case the provided informa-
tion is not sufficient for inferring a species distribution.

2.4. Model evaluation

curate,  less  biased  representations  of  a  species  niche  while  also 
accounting for some of the biases that plague biodiversity datasets.

The  backbone  of  any  SDM  modelling  are  the  algorithm  used  for 
inference which in ibis.iSDM are called “engines”. To this date ibis.iSDM 
supports  a  total  of  7  different  engines  for  inferring  or  projecting  the 
relative habitat suitability of biodiversity features. Those can broadly be 
classified into engines  using either regressions and or non-parametric 
machine learning approaches and being frequentist or Bayesian in na-
ture. Engines supported are regularized elastic net regressions through 
the glmnet package as also used by the maxnet package (Friedman et al., 
2010; Phillips et al., 2017), Bayesian regularized “Spike-and-Slab”  re-
gressions with the BoomSpikeSlab package (Scott, 2022), Bayesian ad-
ditive  regression  trees  through  dbarts  (Carlson,  2020;  Dorie,  2022), 
monotonic  gradient  descent boosting via  mboost  (Hofner et  al.,  2011; 
Hothorn et al., 2022), Extreme Gradient Boosting through xgboost (Chen

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, it appears there might be confusion in the query as it mentions "deep learning" but the context discusses Species Distribution Models (SDMs). However, I will attempt to provide an answer based on the information given.

In the context of SDMs, the purpose of the models is not necessarily related to deep learning tasks like classification, segmentation, or detection. Instead, these models aim to predict the geographic distribution of species based on environmental variables. They use various algorithms or "engines," including both parametric and non-parametric methods, as well as frequentist and Bayesian approaches.

The goal of these models is to create accurate, unbiased representations of a species' niche while accounting for potential biases present in biodiversity datasets. This allows researchers to better understand species distributions and their relationships with environmental factors.

However, if we were to consider deep learning within the broader scope of ecological modeling, its applications could include image-based species identification (classification), object detection for wildlife monitoring, or even semantic segmentation for mapping habitats from remote sensing imagery. But again, these specific uses of deep learning are not directly discussed in the provided context.