Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Habitat variables 

Sample number 

Data size 

Simulated Dataset in Matthiopoulos et al. (2015) 
Simulated Dataset in Matthiopoulos et al. (2011) 
Sparrow 
Wolf 

Food, temperature, and population size 
Food, and cover 
Grass, bush, roof, and colony size 
Distance to high human use, distance to edge, slope, burnt, alpine, shrub, rock and herbaceous 

400 
20 
32 
11 

200,000 
50,000 
1,280 
18,042  

EcologicalInformatics71(2022)1018036S. Aldossari et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

5.2. Real-life datasets 

5.2.1. Sparrow population dataset

While  the  ensemble  size  for  bagging  is  not  particularly  critical, 
provided it is sufficiently large (500 is a widely used default value), it 
does  matter  for boosting.  In  XGBoost, large  ensemble  sizes  can  cause 
over-fitting because the gradient technique focuses on the most difficult 
cases,  which  can  be  due  to  noise.  To  avoid  the  over-fitting  issue  in 
XGBoost, we use a nested k-fold cross-validation scheme. We split each 
dataset into 3 subsets: the tuning set (k-2 folds), validation set (1-fold), 
and test set (1-fold). For each choice of number of iterations and each 
fold, we train the model on the tuning set and monitor the performance 
on the validation set by calculating the out-of-sample prediction accu-
racy and taking the median of k-1 folds. This gives us k medians for each 
number of iterations, as explained in Algorithm 1 and shown in Fig. S2 in 
Supplement A.3.  

Algorithm 1 Optimize the iteration number 

for each k-1 folds do

We also include a more detailed summary in Supplement A.2.

Fig. 3. A heat map of abundance and geographical predictions of the abundance of sample instance # 1 from the second simulated dataset in terms of geographical 
dimensions: latitude and longitude for the ground truth and the various models shown in Fig. 1. Light colours indicate low abundance levels, so that the abundance 
levels increase as the colour shading gets darker. We use the same output range for all models; all models were plotted on the same scale as the ground truth. The map 
with red borders is the best predictive model based on out-of-sample R2.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions real-life datasets such as the sparrow population dataset and simulated datasets like those found in Matthiopoulos et al. (2015) and Matthiopoulos et al. (2011). These datasets could have been collected using various methods such as surveys, sensors, or public datasets. Without further context, it cannot be determined exactly how these datasets were gathered.