Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

whilst providing very reasonable data and computational requirements. 
In Section 6, we discuss the advantages and limitations of the model and 
future work. And finally, we summarize the main findings in Section 7.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Environmental flow 
Riparian ecosystem 
Wetland 
Biodiversity maintenance

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Development of a computationally efficient floodplain ecological response 
model for large-scale, data-sparse riparian environments 

J. Teng a, *, B. Croke b, c, D. Tan d, T. Iwanaga b, e, A.J. Jakeman b, C. Pollino a, D. Stratford a, 
J. Vaze a, W. Dawes a, P. Bridgeman f, A. Sengupta a 
a CSIRO Environment, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
b Institute for Water Futures, Fenner School of Environment and Society, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
c Institute for Water Futures, Mathematical Sciences Institute, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
d Australian National University, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
e Australian Institute of Marine Science, Canberra, ACT, Australia 
f Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water, Canberra, ACT, Australia   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

in  order  to  evaluate  outcomes  of  proposed  management  schemes,  a 
prerequisite to the supply of environmental flows (Poff et al., 2010). In 
short, effective environmental water management requires the ability to 
map  a  given  set  of  environmental  flows  to  an  ecological  response 
accurately. 

1.1. Empirical approaches and the natural flow regime 

Quantifying the deviations from the natural flow regime of a river is 
a reliable approach to modeling the health of reliant ecosystems (Guo 
et al., 2023). This approach to ecological modeling relies on establishing 
relationships between flow characteristics or hydrological metrics and 
biological indicators (Jiang and Chui, 2022). The results from hypoth-
esis testing often inform these relationships as well as specific targets, 
which  management  authorities  strive  to  meet  in  order  to  maintain 

* Corresponding author at: CSIRO Environment, GPO Box 1700, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not specify what type of data format is used in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if the data format used is images, audio, video, CSV, or any other format.