Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

VGG16 (also referred to as the OxfordNet) (Simonyan and Zisserman, 
2014)  CNN architecture and  was selected primarily due to its  perfor-
mance on the ImageNet (Deng et al., 2009) dataset.

Frames processed per second
Watts

(8) 

Power consumption measurements were performed using software- 
based  monitoring,  when  the  system  supported  it.  Only  MediaTek 
Pumpkin i500 power consumption was measured using a high-precision 
external power meter. 

Fig. 7. Confusion matrices generated during the cross-validation phase of the designed CNN models. (a) The average of confusion matrices of the five CNN models. 
(b) Confusion matrix of the best CNN model that was subsequently used in the next phase of the proposed pipeline.

classification  pipeline.  The  validation  performance  of  CNN  Model  4 
with respect to each of the six environmental conditions is shown in the 
confusion matrix of Fig. 7 (b).

ditions  (e.g.  fog,  glare)  in  terrestrial  images.  Therefore,  the  proposed 
model was designed based on the VGG architecture. Unlike conventional 
VGG16 or VGG19 models (the numeric value corresponds to the number 
of layers), our CNN model contained only 12 layers (see Fig. 3).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch were used to build the deep learning model. It mainly focuses on describing the VGG16 architecture, also known as OxfordNet, which was chosen for its performance on the ImageNet dataset. Additionally, it discusses the design of a custom CNN model with fewer layers compared to traditional VGG16 or VGG19 models. However, there is no mention of any particular deep learning framework utilized in building these models.