Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

Fig. 2 summarizes a series of processes in designing a deep-learning 
architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool. Subsequent sections will 
provide a comprehensive description of each section. 

2.1. Data collection

2.6. Performance metrics 

Conventional  metrics  were  used  to  evaluate  the  model’s  perfor-
mance, such as confusion matrices, accuracy, recall, precision, F1-score, 
Cohen  Kappa,  and  the  area under  the  ROC curve,  some of  which  are 
defined below (Johnson and Khoshgoftaar, 2019).  

Table 1 
List of hyperparameters utilized for training the Recurrent Neural Network 
model.  

Hyperparameter 

Value 

Optimizer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 
Epochs 
Dropout rate 
Loss function 

ADAM (Kingma and Ba, 2017) 
0.003 
32 
100 
0.5 
Binary Cross Entropy  

●  Confusion Matrix

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using honey bee flight activity data and a deep learning model as a 
toxicovigilance tool 

Ulises Olivares-Pinto a, C´edric Alaux b, Yves Le Conte b, Didier Crauser b, Alberto Prado a,* 
a Escuela Nacional de Estudios Superiores Unidad Juriquilla, Universidad Nacional Aut´onoma de M´exico, Blvd. Juriquilla 3001, 76230, Juriquilla, Quer´etaro, Mexico 
b INRAE, Abeilles et Environnement, Avignon, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Honeybee flight activity 
Toxicovigilance 
Neurotoxic pesticides 
Recurrent neural network

The model was trained using varying disjoint subsets of the dataset in 
order to assess the number of recordings necessary to yield satisfactory 
classification  metrics.  These  subsets  corresponded  to  different  time 
steps, namely 5, 10, 15, 20, and 25 days of flight activity recordings. 
Subsequent  experiments  included  training  the  model  with  various 
combinations of datasets: 1, 2, 3, or all four datasets combined. These 
raw  and curated versions of the datasets are  readily accessible in the 
Code and Data Availability section. 

2.3. Deep neural network architecture

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain information on the specific process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model, including details about model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate response based solely on this context.