Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Pytorch (Paszke et al., 2019) ML framework for deep learning (CNNs). 
These libraries also include tools for data pre-processing, model selec-
tion and evaluation. To keep our model training and analysis pipelines 
comparable, we use skorch, a scikit-learn compatible neural network li-
brary that wraps PyTorch. This allows the same scikit-learn training and 
evaluation procedure to be used for both models. Skorch is also helpful 
for end-users in CNN training, as it has a clear and simple interface. It 
only requires end-users to add the prepared datasets, model and specify 
the associated hyperparameters (Table 4). Documentation for the entire 
machine learning pipeline can be found at (PyTorch, 2023) for Pytorch 
(Paszke  et  al.,  2019;  scikit-learn,  2023)  for  scikit-learn  and  (skorch, 
2022)  for  skorch.  Commercial  restrictions  apply  to  the  availability  of 
data  used  in  this  work.  However,  links  to  public  code  examples  of

2.2.4. Feature extraction & visualisation 

In  each  of  our  ML  pipelines,  every  image  that  passes  through  the 
VGG16 feature extractor (Fig. 2) results in a matrix of 1 × 4096 features. 
These  are  then  passed  as  inputs  to  the  classifier.  This  happens  auto-
matically in the CNN approach, as the classification (FC) layers are still 
present in the architecture. 

These extracted ‘deep’ features are numerous and difficult to inter-
pret. Therefore, before undertaking any classification of the extracted 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026195C.A. Game et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Table 4 
Model hyperparameter glossary for CNN & SVM training.  

CNN: 
Batch size 

Epochs 
Loss 

function 

Learning 
rate 

Optimizer 

SVM: 
C 

γ

For the CNN, The large number of hyperparameters (Table 4) and 
high  computational  demand,  mean  that  an  exhaustive  grid-search  is 
inappropriate.  Instead  our  preliminary  work  showed  that  common 
default parameters, were suitable for our data. These include a batch- 
size of 32 images and a cross-entropy loss function. We also used the 
Adam learning rate optimizer (Kingma and Ba, 2015), which automat-
ically adjusted our initial learning rate of 1e-03 during training in a way 
that  improved  performance.  Adam  is  computationally  efficient  and 
straight-forward to use. In preliminary work, each model was set to train 
for  100  epochs  maximum.  However  for  later  time-saving  and  better 
automation, we enabled early stopping if the validation error (loss) did 
not reduce for 10 epochs. This identified a suitable number of epochs for 
each dataset: 14, 14 and 23 epochs for Datasets 1, 2 and 3, respectively.

2.2.5. Classification 

Each  ML  approach  requires  hyperparameters  to  classify  imagery, 
which when optimized during training can increase model performance, 
see  Table  4  for  a  hyperparameter  glossary.  Given  the  computational 
efficiency of the SVMs and the few hyperparameters required, each of 
these can be optimized simply and relatively quickly (subject to dataset 
size)  during  a  k-fold  (k = 5) cross-validated  fine  grid-search  on  the 
training  data.  For  our  CNN  þ SVM  method,  we  followed  hyper-
parameter  recommendations  by  (Hsu  et  al.,  2016),  authors  of  the 
LIBSVM library (Chang and Lin, 2011). For our non-linear RBF SVM we 
searched  hyperparameters  C = 23, 23.25, …, 27  and  γ = 2
(cid:0) 13  & 
(cid:0) 11. For the linear SVM, we used the same hyperparameter search for 
2
its sole parameter C. We also looked at the RBF and linear SVM with 

(cid:0) 15, 2

Fig. 3. A diagram of various support vector machines.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it mentions that commercial restrictions apply to the availability of data used in this work. Therefore, it might not be publicly accessible.