Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

d(s, t)
n(n (cid:0) 1)

∑

s, t ∈ V
s ∕= t

where V is the set of nodes in the network, d is the shortest path between 
respective nodes s and t, and n is the number of nodes in the network. 
Thus, ASPL can be described as the minimum number of “steps” it takes 
to  “go”  from  each  node  to  all  other  nodes,  normalized  by  the  total 
number of nodes in the network. Therefore, its value is dependent on the 
number  of  connections  and  the  topology  of  these  connections.  For 
example, we can see that the nodes for “Main Street”  in Fig. 1 are (i) 
more  frequently  connected  and  that  (ii)  their  connections  are  more 
homogeneously distributed than in “Urban Forest”. In the latter, we can 
see clear rectangular structures, which makes it more “complicated” to

3.2.3. Complex network measures 

After the network is constructed, a plethora of quantitative network 
measures become available (Newman, 2018). We investigate the utility 
of the network’s Average Shortest Path  length (ASPL) for the studied 
networks. ASPL can be defined as (Barab´asi, 2013): 

ASPL =

d(s, t)
n(n (cid:0) 1)

∑

s, t ∈ V
s ∕= t

(continued on next page) 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10232611T. Haselhoff et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Table B1 (continued ) 

AAD_ID 

Land use type 

23 
24 

Commercial Area 
Urban Forest 

R2-Threshold 

0.75 
0.71 

ASPL 

2.76 
2.21 

STD 

0.18 
0.34  

Appendix C

Fig. C1. 95% Bootstrap intervals of the average shortest path length (ASPL) for each hour by device. For each hour per device, 100 Bootstrap samples were build and 
the 97.5 and 2.5 quantiles of the ASPL values were calculated.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10232612T. Haselhoff et al.

Fig. 3. Average Shortest path length (ASPL) by daytime, grouped by land use type. Depicted are all 23 recording sites (Automatic Aural Devices (AAD)) and their 
respective ASPL diel cycle. ASPL values are centered on the mean to put emphasis on the individual course of ASPL. Blue color means that the value for the respective 
hour is above and red color that the value is below the mean. The mean of all ASPL values per site is given by a. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023265T. Haselhoff et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

research approach is tailored towards the analysis of diel cycles, it was to 
be expected that the absolute values of the data may not provide a clear 
distinction between the LUMs of all locations being studied.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not mention any specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) or Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam). However, it discusses the application of complex network measures, specifically the Average Shortest Path Length (ASPL), to study networks. It also mentions the use of bootstrapping methods to calculate confidence intervals for ASPL values. These concepts are related to machine learning but do not directly address the query about optimization techniques in deep learning pipelines.