Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

The hyper-parameters evaluated iteratively were network capacity 
(number of layers and neurons per layer), applied regularization 
techniques, as well as the used loss function and optimizer. The 
training of the individual candidate networks was stopped when 
the accuracy of the network on the test dataset did not increase 
further.  The  thus  determined  network  architecture  was  also 
used for Experiment 2 (Abadi et al., 2016). All experiments and 
predictions  were  conducted  using  the  TensorFlow  framework 
and  run  on  a  desktop  PC  with  an  Intel  QuadCore  CPU  (Intel 
i5-6600) and equipped with an NVidia GTX 1070 GPU.

guide for designing and training of DNNs, as well as practical 
considerations for DNN applications.

Deep  learning  is  a  relatively  recent  development  in  ML.  Its 
main tool, the deep neural network (DNN), builds upon Artificial 
Neural Networks (ANNs) which were already conceived in the 
middle of the last century. Essentially, “deep learning” refers to a 
set of techniques that allow the training of larger (more neurons) 
and  deeper  (more  layers)  ANNs  (Nielsen,  2015).  These  high 
capacity  networks  became  possible  due  to  the  development  of 
improved  algorithms  for  optimizing  connection  weights  [e.g., 
stochastic  gradient  descent  (Rumelhart  et  al.,  1986)]  and  a 
steep  increase  in  available  computing  power  and  training  data 
(Goodfellow et al., 2016). While these improvements may seem 
only gradual, current DNNs not only outperform their simpler 
ANN  ancestors,  but  frequently  also  perform  better  than  other 
ML approaches in standardized tests of prediction accuracy (e.g.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given context, the deep learning model was trained using a desktop PC equipped with an Intel QuadCore CPU (Intel i5-6600) and an NVidia GTX 1070 GPU. Therefore, it can be concluded that the hardware resources used for training the deep learning model include both CPUs and GPUs. However, there is no mention of any use of TPUs (Tensor Processing Units) in this context.