Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF; https://www.gbif.org/ 
zh-tw/),  or  exchanged  with  other  databases  or  web  applications 
through APIs of the SILIC web service for various reuse applications.

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

2.1. Online animal sound databases 

In the SILIC framework, the training data is from some of the most 
popular community-contributed animal sound databases (Fig. 1a), such 
as  Macaulay  Library  (sounds  of  birds,  https://www.macaulaylibrary.

org/),  xeno-canto  (sounds  of  birds,  https://www.xeno-canto.org/), 
and  iNaturalist  (sounds  of  cross-taxon,  https://www.inaturalist.org/), 
which are also used as training data sources in other studies (Dai et al., 
2021;  Kahl  et  al.,  2021;  Sturley  and  Matalonga,  2020;  Tuncer  et  al., 
2021; Vida˜na-Vila et al., 2020). Preparing a training dataset from these 
databases brings two benefits that save the preparation time. First, the 
recordings  in  these  databases  are  typically  obtained  using  handheld 
audio recorders with microphones directly aimed at the singing/calling 
animals.  Most  of  the  recordings  are  so-called  `focal  recordings'  (Kahl 
et al., 2021), which contain clear sounds of a single sound type with no 
or a slight noise, and thus can be easily and quickly labeled by experts. 
Second, most of the recordings in these databases are tagged with spe-
cies names and can be searched easily and quickly. 

2.2. Online sound-labeling platform

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) is mentioned as one of the resources used in the SILIC framework, but it does not appear to be explicitly stated as the data repository for the deep learning pipeline. Other online animal sound databases like Macaulay Library, Xeno-Canto, and iNaturalist are listed as sources for training data, but again, they do not seem to serve as the primary data repository for the entire deep learning pipeline. Therefore, based on the given information, it cannot be definitively determined where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Further research or clarification would be needed to provide a more accurate response.