Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The second approach we used to extract embeddings was from the 
pre-trained  BirdNET  model.  The  original  version  of  the  model  was

of length 2048. Model and code was run in Python version 3.10 based on 
the code and methods presented in: https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET 
-Analyzer.

We expected higher performance of the embeddings, but a possible 
limitation to our study may be the use of pre-trained CNNs. This may 
have limited the potential performance of using embedding from neural 
networks.  Interestingly,  higher  classification  accuracy was  seen  when 
using  BirdNET,  a  CNN  trained  on  audio  data  of  bird  vocalizations  in 
comparison  with  VGGish  and  Wav2Vec  2.0,  two  models  trained 
respectively on a vast Youtube audio dataset and a human speech audio 
dataset. This suggests that training a model with data input of gibbon 
vocalizations might result in an even better performance of neural net-
works for individual gibbon discrimination. However, such data training 
requires a large dataset and is very computationally costly, hence why 
we chose to test pre-trained CNNs.

capable of identifying 984 North American and European bird species by 
sound (Kahl et al., 2021). BirdNET was trained using a dataset derived 
from  three  primary  sources:  eBird,  Xeno-canto,  and  the  Macaulay  Li-
brary  of  Natural  Sounds.  We  used  BirdNET  version  2.4  which  was 
trained on over 6000 bird and non-bird species (https://github.com/kah 
st/BirdNET-Analyzer). The task-specific model architecture of BirdNET 
was derived from the family of residual networks (ResNets) (Kiyokawa 
et al., 2019), that consists of 157 layers with >27 million parameters, 
and was trained using extensive data pre-processing, augmentation, and 
mixup. BirdNET creates a mel-scale spectrogram between 150 Hz and 
15 kHz and returns 1024 embeddings per 3-s of audio sample. As with 
the VGGish model, we took the mean and standard deviation for em-
beddings over the entire duration of the call, resulting in a feature vector

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a detailed response about the deployment process of the BirdNET model. However, it can be inferred that the model was deployed using Python version 3.10, as mentioned in the given context. Additionally, the context mentions that the BirdNET Analyzer code and methods were utilized from GitHub (https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET-Analyzer). It is common practice to follow certain steps while deploying a machine learning or deep learning model, including model serialization, platform selection, and setting up APIs or web services. In this case, since no specific details are provided regarding these aspects, it cannot be confirmed how exactly the BirdNET model was deployed.