Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

learning and L2 regularization. Under this perspective, in this work, two 
types  of  data  were  only  used,  whereas  some  restrictions  arise  on  its 
potential application to additional datasets.

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023348H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 7. Module 1 and the bulk of ViT.  

Fig. 8. Results of the model experiments.  

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023349H. Gong et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 9. Comparison of three different activation functions.  

Fig. 10. A comparison of two distinct SoftMax functions.  

get  a  substantial  number  of  differential  data.  The  dataset  should  be 
enhanced to generate more data and solve the overfitting issue.

6.1. Vision transformer 

Transformer (Vaswani et al., 2017), which is a deep neural network 
first created for natural language processing (NLP), was built on a self- 
attention mechanism that makes it possible for noticeably huge recep-
tive  fields.  The Transformer  has become  a  de facto industry  standard 
procedure in NLP because of its remarkable efficiency, and it has also 
motivated  researchers  in  the  field  of  computer  vision  to  investigate 
applications  by  utilizing  the  long-term  relationships  between  pixels 
(Khan et al., 2022).

ecosθyi
∑C

ecosθyi +

ecosθj

j=1,j∕=yi

(2) 

Due to the modulus of the feature being correlated with the quality of 
the input picture, features with high image quality have a big modulus 
and those with low image quality for faces have a small modulus. When 
performing  the  backpropagation  process,  the  network  will  pay  more 
attention to the poorer quality because after the feature normalization 
process, those with modulus of tiny features will have a larger gradient 
than  those  with  modulus  of  large  features.  As  a  result,  the  feature 
normalization  process  is  appropriate  for  identification  jobs  with  poor 
picture quality but not for our model.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions one specific method used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline - L2 regularization. This technique adds a penalty term to the loss function during training, encouraging smaller weights and thus reducing complexity in the model. By doing so, L2 regularization helps prevent overfitting and improves generalization performance. However, the text does not explicitly mention other regularization techniques such as dropout or early stopping. Dropout randomly drops out neurons during training to reduce co-dependency among them, while early stopping halts the training process once validation error starts increasing. These methods can further help mitigate overfitting in deep learning models.