Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Zhang and Benveniste, 1992), Bayesian learning machine (Xu, 1997),
and so on. Researchers have extended the application and improve the
algorithms based on classical neural network models afterwards. Since
2006 deep learning started to boom in academia and industry. The deep
learning algorithm broke the limitation of the traditional neural net-
work on the number of layers. According to demands of designers, the
number of network layers was chosen and trained by large-scale data to
obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features which is
beyond imagination before (Hinton and Salakhutdinov, 2006).

+

θ

l
i

⎧
⎪
⎨
⎪
⎩

i
(

=

1, 2, 3,

…

L

)

2.4. Data selection

(4)

l is the output of the ith node in the lth layer, xi

l is the acti-
where yi
l is the weight of the
vation value of the ith node in the lth layer, wij
connection between the jth node in the l-1th layer and the ith node in
the lth layer, θi
l is the threshold value of the ith node in the lth layer, Nl
is the number of nodes in the lth layer, L is the total number of layers,
and f() is the neuronal activation function.

Because the output error of the neurons in the output layer does not
satisfy the accuracy requirement, the learning process turns into a
backward error propagation process, and the basic model is as follows:

∆ = −
w
ij

η

∂
E
w
∂
ij

(5)

35

Netherlands. Ecol. Econ. 34 (1), 115–130.

Vapnik, V., 1995. The Nature of Statistical Learning Theory. vol. 314 Information Science

Leng, X., Wang, J., Ji, H., Wang, Q., Li, H., Xin, Q., et al., 2017. Prediction of size-frac-

and Statistics, New York, NY (USA).

tionated airborne particle-bound metals using mlr, bp-ann and svm analyses.
Chemosphere 180, 513.

Varﬁs, A., Versino, C., 1990. Univariate Economic Time Series Forecasting by

Connectionist Methods.

Li, X.M., Xiao, R.B., Yuan, S.H., Chen, J.A., Zhou, J.X., 2010. Urban total ecological

Wackernagel, M., Yount, J.D., 2000. Footprint for sustainability: the next step. Environ.

footprint forecasting by using radial basis function neural network: a case study of
Wuhan City, China. Ecol. Indic. 10 (2), 241–248.

Li, X.B., Tian, M.R., Wang, H., et al., 2014. Development of an ecological security eva-
luation method based on the ecological footprint and application to a typical steppe
region in China. Ecol. Indic. 39, 153–159.

the short time series of an EF calculation is considered a small sample
test object, we will choose the fast learning and weak generalization
Gaussian kernel function to address the nonlinear relationships among
the variables and to simplify the diﬃculty of modeling using relatively
few parameters. All the advantages previously mentioned enable the
SVM method to eﬀectively overcome the high-dimensional problem
(Chapelle et al., 2002; Chapelle and Vapnik, 2000; Dong et al., 2003).
Given a training dataset of EF, D = {(x1, y1)…(xi, yi), xϵRn, yϵR}, where i
is the number of samples, the EF is a function of the impact indexes as
follows:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, generally speaking, there are several common data annotation techniques used in deep learning pipelines. These include:

1. Bounding Box Annotation: This technique involves drawing a box around the object of interest in an image or video frame. It is commonly used for object detection tasks.

2. Instance Segmentation: This technique involves labeling each pixel of an object with a unique identifier. It is often used for semantic segmentation tasks.

3. Semantic Segmentation: This technique involves assigning a class label to every pixel in an image. It is useful for identifying different types of objects within an image.

4. Polygon Annotation: This technique involves outlining the shape of an object with a polygon. It can be used for both object detection and semantic segmentation tasks.

5. Key Point Annotation: This technique involves marking specific points on an object, such as the corners of a rectangle or the joints of a person. It is often used for pose estimation tasks.