Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The supervised learning workflow adheres to the steps outlined in 
Sections 2.3.1–2.3.5. However, as detailed in Section 2.3.2, we deviated 
by not generating 400 random points over the entire boundary. Instead, 
we used the vegetation types described by Gertenbach (1983) to guide 
the placement of our sampling plots, from which we then collected the 
training and validation points (Fig. A.2). The creation of several small 
sampling plots within each vegetation type, instead of using one large 
area, also helped speed up the sampling process. Performing the data 
collection  within  the  sampling  plots  ensured  that  we  had  training/ 
validation  points  that  were  representative  of  the  diverse  vegetation 
within each boundary. To determine the size of the sampling plots, we 
first calculated 5% of the total area covered by the boundary, divided 
that area by the number of vegetation types intersecting the boundary

The results obtained in this study can be used as a baseline for future 
LULC  analysis  performed  with  other  methodologies,  such  as  deep 
learning  CNN  (Jagannathan  and  Divya,  2021).  Going  forward,  the 
analysis  of  aerial  images  of  KNP  taken  about  every  two  years  deep 
learning methods will be most effective and useful to map land cover or 
more specifically woody cover. Integrating large-area historical datasets 
in  land-use  and  land-cover  analysis  can  serve  as  a  resource  to  better 
understanding  long-term  landscape  changes  and  support  ecological 
monitoring programs. The results of studies such as this one can be used 
to  better  protect  and  preserve  our  natural  heritage,  enable  effective 
management  strategies,  and  contribute  to  the  conservation  of  global 
biodiversity. 

CRediT authorship contribution statement

Ren, X., Malik, J., 2003. Learning a classification model for segmentation. In: 

Proceedings Ninth IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision. Presented at 
the ICCV 2003: 9th International Conference on Computer Vision, vol. 1. IEEE, Nice, 
France, pp. 10–17. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCV.2003.1238308. 

Rodriguez-Galiano, V.F., Ghimire, B., Rogan, J., Chica-Olmo, M., Rigol-Sanchez, J.P., 

2012. An assessment of the effectiveness of a random forest classifier for land-cover 
classification. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 67, 93–104. https://doi.org/ 
10.1016/j.isprsjprs.2011.11.002. 

Scholes, R.J., Walker, B.H., 1993. An African Savanna: Synthesis of the Nylsvley Study, 
Cambridge Studies in Applied Ecology and Resource Management. Cambridge 
University Press, Cambridge. https://doi.org/10.1017/CBO9780511565472.

To develop the supervised learning workflow to classify the woody 
cover from the B&W aerial images we used GEE and applied the OBIA 
methodology.  The  classification  workflow  to  obtain  the  OBIA  woody 
cover classification is divided into five steps: (1) data upload and script 
preparation  (Section  2.3.1),  (2)  training/validation  dataset  (Section 
2.3.2), (3) image segmentation (2.3.3), (4) woody cover classification 
(Section 2.3.4), and (5) accuracy, export, and land cover count (Section 
2.3.5). An example of the GEE script is included in the Supplementary 
material. 

2.3.1. Data upload and script preparation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Based on the given information, it appears that the authors did not explicitly mention the use of any specific deep learning models like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers in their pipeline. They primarily focused on developing a supervised learning workflow using Google Earth Engine (GEE) and applying Object-Based Image Analysis (OBIA) methodology to classify woody cover from black and white aerial images.

However, they do suggest that going forward, analyzing aerial images of Kruger National Park (KNP) using deep learning methods, particularly Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), would be most effective and useful for mapping land cover or more specifically woody cover. This implies that while no specific deep learning model was mentioned in their current pipeline, they recommend considering CNNs for future research.