Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

learning and L2 regularization. Under this perspective, in this work, two 
types  of  data  were  only  used,  whereas  some  restrictions  arise  on  its 
potential application to additional datasets.

To verify the performance of the model in this work, the introduced 
model was compared with five other models. While keeping the above- 
mentioned  experimental  method  and  experimental  environment  un-
changed, each model was trained and the training results are illustrated 
in Fig. 11. The model in this work was distinguished by a low loss rate 
and high accuracy. According to Fig. 11, the proposed model is stable 
since  it  has  reasonably  smooth  curves  and  small  fluctuations  during 
training and testing.

training process, thus reducing the intra-class distance. A value was also 
added to the cosine of the angle between the features and the non-target

an improved SoftMax function to speed up training to improve robust-
ness. This function makes the data in the feature space not only inter-
class separable but also intraclass compact so as to achieve the purpose 
of  increasing  the  interclass  distance  and  decreasing  the  intraclass 
distance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not explicitly mention the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete for the proposed model or any of the comparison models. However, based on common practices in machine learning, we can infer that several possible criteria might have been used. These include reaching a certain number of epochs, achieving a desired level of accuracy or loss on the training set, observing no further improvement in validation loss or accuracy over multiple epochs (i.e., a validation loss plateau), or meeting a predefined threshold for early stopping. Without more information from the original source, it is impossible to definitively state which criteria were employed in this particular case.