Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0) 4,  and  steep  value  of  1.3e

4). 

(cid:0)

4.3.3. Model evaluation 

In this section, the results of the deep learning model developed are 
presented. The model was trained to make day-ahead predictions of the 
three pollutants, but first, an appropriate evaluation metric had to be 
selected.  The  top  metrics  for  regression  problems  are  mean  squared 
error/root  mean  squared  error  (MSE/RMSE),  mean  absolute  error 

Fig. 12. A plot showing the model's training and validation losses against the 
number of epochs. It is worth noting that there was a gradual decrease in both 
losses  as  the  training  epochs  increased  which  indicates  that  the  model  was 
learning. Further training beyond 20,000 epochs would have either resulted in 
overfitting or no further drop in both losses.

3. A proposed deep learning framework for highway AQ 
monitoring and prediction 

The proposed framework is a four-layered architecture composed of 
the hardware layer, data storage layer, integration layer and analytics 
layer as depicted in Fig. 2. This section introduces these layers and their 
functionalities. 

3.1. Hardware layer

Fig. 13. An illustration of captured NO2 pollutant readings (blue highlight) and the deep learning model predictions (red highlight). These results were derived from 
an evaluation using the validation dataset. It should be pointed out that the model's predictions are not too far off the actual readings. (For interpretation of the 
references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.) 

Table 4 
Hardware specifications of the two oracle cloud instances used to test scalablity.  

Instance 
Type 

Bare 
Metal 

Name 

Compute – 
Ampere 
A1 – 
OCPU 

Processor 

OCPU 

GPU 
type 

– 

CPU 
cores 

CPU 
memory 

GPU 
memory 

6 

32GB 

– 

VM. 

GPU 

Pascal 

GPU2.1 

1 
NVIDIA 
P100 

12 

72GB 

16GB  

4.4. Evaluating the scalability performance of the REVIS system

Suitable optimisers, loss functions and activation functions had to be 
selected from an array of available options. Series of experimentation 
were  carried  out  on  popular  optimisation  functions  such  as  SGD, 
RMSProp,  LAMB,  LARS  and  Adam  and  regression  loss  functions  like 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)10160911T.D. Akinosho et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Fig. 10. Auto-SQL generation to pre-process the dataset. An SQL command which generates 3-hour and 6-hour pollutant averages from the preceding readings 
is depicted. 

Fig.  11. The  model's  training  loss  against  the  learning  rate  to  determine  the 
appropriate learning rate. The learning rate was fixed at the point where the 
(cid:0)
plot started dipping (i.e., 10

4).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, it appears that the deep learning model was evaluated using a validation dataset, as shown in Figure 13. However, the context does not provide explicit information about any specific measures taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model, such as using a diverse dataset, cross-validation, or stratified splitting. Therefore, based solely on the provided context, I cannot definitively state what measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model.