Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Zhang and Benveniste, 1992), Bayesian learning machine (Xu, 1997),
and so on. Researchers have extended the application and improve the
algorithms based on classical neural network models afterwards. Since
2006 deep learning started to boom in academia and industry. The deep
learning algorithm broke the limitation of the traditional neural net-
work on the number of layers. According to demands of designers, the
number of network layers was chosen and trained by large-scale data to
obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features which is
beyond imagination before (Hinton and Salakhutdinov, 2006).

The SVM method is developed from statistical learning theory,
which minimizes the error involved with sample size and narrows the
upper limit of the error involved in model generalization to solve the
problems of over-learning, nonlinearity and the curse of dimensionality
during modeling (Howley and Madden, 2005; Huang and Wang, 2006;
Kohavi and John, 1997). In addition, the kernel function, which is used
to overcome nonlinearity, and the curse of dimensionality play a critical
role in the SVM method. The SVM method is a bridge from linear to
nonlinear that replaces the inner product operation in a high-dimen-
sional feature space to reduce the dimensional complexity of the cal-
culation. Currently, the most commonly used kernel functions include
the polynomial kernel function, the radial basis function, the ex-
ponential radial basis function, and the multilayer perceptron kernel
function (Ahmad et al., 2008; Burges and Christopher, 1998). Because

work (Leng et al., 2017; Pouteau et al., 2011; Quej et al., 2017; Vapnik,
1995). Therefore, in this paper, the comparison between the BPNN
model which is widely used in the neural network and the SVM model
which can make up for the shortage of the neural network is conducted
to seek a more suitable prediction model for the EF by taking the ad-
vantages of both.

the short time series of an EF calculation is considered a small sample
test object, we will choose the fast learning and weak generalization
Gaussian kernel function to address the nonlinear relationships among
the variables and to simplify the diﬃculty of modeling using relatively
few parameters. All the advantages previously mentioned enable the
SVM method to eﬀectively overcome the high-dimensional problem
(Chapelle et al., 2002; Chapelle and Vapnik, 2000; Dong et al., 2003).
Given a training dataset of EF, D = {(x1, y1)…(xi, yi), xϵRn, yϵR}, where i
is the number of samples, the EF is a function of the impact indexes as
follows:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific details about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. However, it does mention that the deep learning algorithm allows for choosing the number of network layers according to designer demands and training them using large-scale data. This implies that the architecture of the deep learning model, including the number of layers and possibly other structural elements, could be considered as part of its hyperparameters. Additionally, while not explicitly stated, it is common practice in deep learning to use various optimization algorithms, such as stochastic gradient descent (SGD), Adam, or RMSprop, along with their respective learning rates and other configurable settings. These aspects would also fall under the category of hyperparameters.