Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 3. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curves of seven machine learning models. The true positive rate (sensitivity) of the vertical line and the false positive 
rate (1-specificity) of the horizontal line quantify the proportion of correctly and incorrectly classified samples, respectively. The red and blue curves represent the 
mean area under the curve (AUC) of training and test data, respectively. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to 
the web version of this article.) 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024645E.S. Kim et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Conservation area priorities 
Endangered species 
Forest fragmentation 
Habitat loss 
Incidence function model

Abbreviations: IFM, Incidence function model; IFM-LCONS, Incidence function model with landscape connectivity model; SDM, Species distribution model; GLM, 
Generalized linear model; BRT, Boosted regression trees; RF, Random forest; CART, Classification and regression trees; FDA, Fisher’s discriminant analysis; MARS, 
Multivariate adaptive regression splines; SVM, Support vector machine; AUC, Area Under the ROC Curve; ROC, Receiver Operating Characteristic; TWI, Topographic 
wetness index; LMG, Lindeman, Merenda and Gold method. 

* Corresponding author at: Interdisciplinary Program in Landscape Architecture, Seoul National University, Seoul 08826, Republic of Korea. 

E-mail address: Dklee7@snu.ac.kr (D.K. Lee).  

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102464 
Received 25 July 2023; Received in revised form 4 January 2024; Accepted 6 January 2024

the species distribution model results were land cover, vegetation (forest 
type, age class, diameter, and density), terrain (Dem, Aspect, Hill Shade, 
Slope,  and  TWI),  and  distance  (distance  to  water,  distance  to  forests, 
distance to agricultural land, distance to grassland, distance to roads, 
and distance to urban areas) (Kwon, 2014; Song and Kim, 2012). We 
conducted a correlation analysis of the variables before model imple-
mentation  to  enhance  the  predictive  performance  of  the  model  and 
mitigate the risk of overfitting.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific criteria for determining when training is complete. However, based on common practices in machine learning, some possible criteria include reaching a validation loss plateau or achieving a desired level of accuracy or other performance metric on a separate validation dataset. In the given context, it can be inferred that the authors may have used similar criteria, such as monitoring the mean area under the curve (AUC) of training and test data during the implementation of their machine learning models. Nevertheless, without explicit information from the source material, we cannot definitively state what criteria they used to determine when training was complete.