Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

View related articles 

View Crossmark data

Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tjit20

JOURNAL OF INFORMATION AND TELECOMMUNICATION
2018, VOL. 2, NO. 4, 492–510
https://doi.org/10.1080/24751839.2018.1501542

Extreme deep learning in biosecurity: the case of machine
hearing for marine species identiﬁcation
Konstantinos Demertzisa, Lazaros S. Iliadisb and Vardis-Dimitris Anezakis

c

aSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus
University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; bSchool of Engineering, Department of Civil Engineering, Lab of
Mathematics and Informatics, Democritus University of Thrace, Xanthi, Greece; cDepartment of Forestry and
Management of the Environment and Natural Resources, Democritus University of Thrace, Orestiada, Greece

ARTICLE HISTORY
Received 30 November 2017
Accepted 14 July 2018

Regularized
Autoencoder
Learning
(MIGRATE_ELM). The MIGRATE_ELM uses an innovative Deep
Learning algorithm (DELE) that is applied for the ﬁrst time for the
above purpose. The assignment of the corresponding class ‘native’
or ‘invasive’ in its locality, is carried out by an equally innovative
approach entitled ‘Geo Location Country Based Service’ that has
been proposed by our research team.

KEYWORDS
Biosecurity; invasive species;
machine hearing;
geolocation-based services;
extreme learning machines;
big data

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning model. However, we can infer from the given context that the authors used Extreme Learning Machines (ELMs), which are known for requiring minimal training time compared to other engineering learning algorithms. They also mentioned using an innovative Deep Learning algorithm called DELE. Unfortunately, there is no specific mention of how these models were deployed or serialized, nor any details regarding platform selection. Therefore, without additional context, it would be speculative to describe the exact process followed to deploy the trained deep learning model.