Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

modelling approaches and the increased number of datasets has made this model one of
the most globally accepted SDMs. There is a growing concern for the establishment of the
nonlinear relationship between the bioclimatic parameters through innovative approaches
such as deep learning-based models. It has been observed that the BIOCLIM model is
overestimates the species distribution and the higher probability of species occurrence at
the higher altitude. Moreover, it has been observed that the distribution pattern of the
predicted Rhododendron arboreum distribution using CNN architecture is quite different at
some places than from conventional BIOCLIM models. The current work proposed deep
learning-based CNN architecture for probability distribution modelling and proved to
perform better than the traditional BIOCLIM model. There was an underestimation of
species distribution observed in CNN than BIOCLIM. The distribution probability in CNN

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

9 of 17

A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a type of deep learning-based model for
processing multidimensional data that follows a grid pattern [60]. The model is developed
in such a way that the algorithm learns and adapts to the spatial hierarchies of features by
itself from the lower to the higher levels of the pattern. Mathematically, it is composed of
three layers or building blocks: convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers. Feature
extraction is conducted using the ﬁrst two layers and mapping the extracted features to the
output is conducted by the third layer.

Convolution is used for feature extraction, in which a kernel is applied to an input
tensor. A feature map is thus obtained through the product of kernel elements and tensor
input. The procedure is then repeated on multiple kernels to obtain random feature maps
that represent different feature extractors. The hyperparameters involved in convolution
operations are the size and number of kernels. The size could be anything from 3 × 3 to
5 × 5 to 7 × 7, and the kernel could be chosen randomly.

Network (CNN) architecture is proposed, designed, and tested, which eventually gave much better
accuracy than the BIOCLIM model. Both of the models were given 16 input parameters, including
ecological and atmospheric variables, which were statistically resampled and were then utilized
in establishing the linear and nonlinear relationship to better ﬁt the occurrence scenarios of the
species. The input parameters were mostly acquired from the recent satellite missions, including
MODIS, Sentinel-2, Sentinel-5p, the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), and ECOSTRESS.
The performance across all the thresholds was evaluated using the value of the Area Under Curve
(AUC) evaluation metrics. The AUC value was found to be 0.917 with CNN, whereas it was 0.68
with BIOCLIM, respectively. The performance evaluation metrics indicate the superiority of CNN for
species distribution over BIOCLIM.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not explicitly mention the specific frameworks used to build the deep learning model, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. However, based on common practices in developing deep learning models, especially Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), popular frameworks like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch might have been employed. These frameworks provide essential tools and functionalities required to design, train, and test complex neural network architectures efficiently. Nonetheless, without explicit information regarding the frameworks used in this particular case, we cannot definitively state which ones were implemented.