Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Looking beyond these data to improve the extensibility of investigations 
on the health of aquatic ecosystems is necessary (Upadhyay and Khan-
delwal,  2019;  Yuan  et  al.,  2017).  Deep  learning  techniques  have  the 
potential to be used to investigate parts of ecosystems. In this study, the 
TDI, BMI, and FAI were calculated using ecological monitoring data, and 
the status of the aquatic ecosystem was determined. Quantitative and 
qualitative  indices  may  constrain  further  applications,  such  as  grade 
prediction of aquatic ecosystem health. However, we demonstrated that 
the CNN model ensemble with an autoencoder is a potential candidate 
for  estimating  aquatic  ecosystem  health  indices  compared  with  the 
original CNN and conventional machine learning models (Table 3). In 
other  words,  deep  learning  methods  can  be  applied  to  water  quality, 
hydraulic, and hydrological data to reflect the quantitative and quali-

learning of nonlinear data manifold. Neurocomputing 160, 250–260. 

Jo, M.H., Sim, J.S., Lee, J.A., Jang, S.H., 2015. Health assessment of the Nakdong river 
basin aquatic ecosystems utilizing GIS and spatial statistics. J. Korean Assoc. 
Geograph. Inform. Stud. 18 (2), 174–189. 

Ju, Y., Guo, J., Liu, S., 2015, September. A deep learning method combined sparse 
autoencoder with SVM. In: 2015 International Conference on Cyber-enabled 
Distributed Computing and Knowledge Discovery. IEEE, pp. 257–260. 

Kang, H., Jeon, D.J., Kim, S., Jung, K., 2022. Estimation of fish assessment index based 

on ensemble artificial neural network for aquatic ecosystem in South Korea. Ecol. 
Indic. 136, 108708. 

Khan, A., Sohail, A., Zahoora, U., Qureshi, A.S., 2020. A survey of the recent 

architectures of deep convolutional neural networks. Artif. Intell. Rev. 53, 
5455–5516. 

Khosravi, K., Golkarian, A., Tiefenbacher, J.P., 2022. Using optimized deep learning to

This study evaluated the potential of a deep learning approach for 
estimating aquatic ecosystem health indices. Water quality, hydraulic, 
and hydrological data, including 81 variables, were used as inputs for 
the  deep  learning  and  conventional  machine  learning  models.  The 
combination of CNN and autoencoder showed the best performance in 
estimating the TDI, BMI, and FAI values compared to the CNN without 
autoencoder, ANN, SVM, RF, and XGBoost. To understand the aquatic 
ecosystem, the complexity of the input data and health indices must be 
properly extracted by the abstract feature representation of a CNN with 
an autoencoder. Therefore, we demonstrated that deep neural networks 
could  be  an  alternative  and  sustainable  methodology  for  estimating 
aquatic  ecosystem  health  indices. In  future  studies, additional  inputs, 
such as remote sensing imagery, which has high spatiotemporal reso-

Typical  machine  learning  models,  including  artificial  neural  net-
works (ANN), support vector machines (SVM), random forest (RF), and 
extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost), were also adopted and modified 
to estimate aquatic ecosystem health indices. ANN is a computational 
model inspired by the structure and function of biological neural net-
works  in  the  brain  (Agatonovic-Kustrin  and  Beresford,  2000).  This 
consists  of  interconnected  nodes  organized  into  layers,  including  an 
input layer, one or more hidden layers, and an output layer. Information 
flows  through  the  network  from  the  input  layer,  passing  through  the 
hidden  layers,  and  resulting  in  an  output  (Touretzky  and  Pomerleau, 
1989). ANN is trained using algorithms that adjust the weights between 
nodes based on input data and desired output, allowing them to learn 
complex  patterns  and  make  predictions.  SVM  is  supervised  learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information in the given context to determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It could be hosted on platforms like GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but without explicit mention or reference, it remains unknown. Please provide more specific details if possible.