Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

time (Fig. 6a, b). In this case, the onset of spring migration appeared to
be April 22 when the bird had the migrating state (with the label “2”)
and started to move northward (with increasing latitude). This kind of
inference at individual levels is diﬃcult to make through direct ob-
servations or tracking by human observers due to high ﬂying speed or
mobility of the pelicans. The state-switching state space model does not
explicitly model step length with a statistical distribution, whereas
hidden Markov models use Weibull or gamma distributions to model
step lengths. Although hidden Markov models do not account for ob-
servational error in location estimates, hidden Markov models are still a
promising tool for the behavioral segmentation of animal movement
paths with the increasingly improved accuracy of location estimation

Fig. 3. Directed graph of behavior switches from foraging (F) state to migrating (M) state in probability PF- > M and from migrating state to foraging state in
probability PM- > F. Symbols PF- > F and PM- > M denote the probabilities of remaining in the foraging and migrating state, respectively.

71

G. Wang

Ecological Informatics 49 (2019) 69–76

Fig. 4. Global Positioning System (GPS) locations (dots) of American white
pelican (ID # 8685) during the annual migration cycle of 2010 and state space
model ﬁt (lines). The x axis is longitude (W) and y axis is latitude (N).

Estimation of the parameters of hidden Markov models can be im-
plemented in both Bayesian and frequentist frameworks (Langrock
et al., 2012; Morales et al., 2004). In the Bayesian framework, beha-
vioral states and model parameters can be estimated using MCMC
methods implemented in WINBUGS or JAGS (Lunn et al., 2013;
Plummer, 2003). Hidden Markov models can have more than two be-
havioral states; however, the increased complexity of hidden Markov
models may result in the diﬃculties of MCMC convergences, particu-
larly when transitional probabilities are modeled as the functions of
covariates (Morales et al., 2004). Future studies of Bayesian approx-
imation implementation of hidden Markov models such as approximate
Bayesian computation or particle Metropolis-Hastings algorithm may
help avoid the MCMC-convergences diﬃculties (Andrieu et al., 2010;
Turner and Van Zandt, 2012).

multiple machine learning algorithms and their ensembles may be
needed in a study for a speciﬁc behavioral category, for which random
forests may have undesired performance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether grid search, random search, or any other method was used for optimization.