Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

14 of 16

that is, the tree species training sample and its quality. As long as the tree sample can be measured well
in ﬁeld work, deep learning networks will work well. Further, it is beneﬁcial to collect tree samples
with the aid of crowd sourcing. In terms of the sampled area in species diversity, our method is also
applicable for other scales (50 × 50 m, 90 × 90 m, etc.), depending on the quadrat size in the ﬁeld work
or the requirements of species diversity estimation.

6. Conclusions

The results of this study indicate the potential of deep learning methods for applications in
tree species diversity mapping with high-resolution RGB images and LiDAR data. Our proposed
= 0.7202;
three-step workﬂow achieved accuracies of R2
=
R2
= 0.3053. The method design as well as the deep learning technology also allow the
0.5875, RMSEPielou
processing of large datasets and have the potential for transfer to other forest regions due to on-the-ﬂy
data acquisition and the processing capability.

In their review, Ma et al. [26] showed that nearly 200 publications using deep convolutional neural
networks (CNNs) have been published in the ﬁeld of remote sensing by early 2019 of which most
focused on land use land cover (LULC) classiﬁcation [28], urban feature extraction [29–31], and
crop detection [32,33]. Deep learning approaches often require a large amount of training data, and
there are benchmark datasets publicly available for training and testing of deep learning approaches
in the abovementioned remote sensing ﬁelds. Compared with the studies mentioned above, very
few studies using deep learning have focused on trees or forest classiﬁcation [34]. Flood et al. [35]
used a U-net convolutional neural network to extract woody vegetation extent from high-resolution
three-band Earth-I imagery. In their research, a selection of 1 km2 was manually labeled for training.
The ﬁnal results were pixel-wise and only two types (trees and large shrubs) were mapped. If there are

identity and projection shortcuts) have been introduced for residual learning. Recently, these networks have been introduced into the field of remote sensing. Our tree species classification strategy takes advantage of recent CNNs for patch-wise classification. We formulated the tree species classification as a supervised image classification problem to identify 18 tree species (17 dominant trees species and a class of “Others”). For this purpose, we adopted AlexNet, VGG16, and ResNet50 implemented in Caffe for individual tree Forests 2019, 10, 1047

Forests 2019, 10, 1047

10 of 16

As VGG16 performed the best among the three deep learning algorithms, we employed the
VGG16 network at 140,000 iterations as the classiﬁcation model for tree species prediction accordingly.
All the clipped image patches of the individual trees in the three parts were fed into the trained
VGG16 network at 140,000 iterations for classiﬁcation, the results were obtained, and the tree species
distribution across the three parts is shown in Table 3. This is in line with reality: Area A has a large
proportion of banyan and silk ﬂoss trees, Area B has a large amount of Ceiba speciose, and Area C has
a large amount of longan. Overall, the proportion of all kinds of tree species in Areas A and B is
relatively balanced, while there is an obvious dominant tree species in Area C.

Table 3. Proportion of diﬀerent tree species in each area according to the classiﬁcation results of VGG16.

Tree Species

Area A

Area B

Area C

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, I cannot provide the exact location of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. It would be necessary to refer to the original paper or contact the authors directly to obtain this information.