Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine learning methods: Modeling net growth in the Atlantic Forest 
of Brazil

Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) are computational models inspired 
by the structure and functioning of the human brain. The neural network 
is composed of multiple layers of neurons that carry out linear combi-
nations of the input values from the preceding layer. Then, a non-linear 
activation function is applied. The trainable parameters of the network 
are the weights associated with the linear combinations performed by 
each  individual  neuron  (Domingues  et  al.,  2020;  Kantarcioglu  et  al., 
2023). 

Random Forests (RF) is an ensemble learning method that combines 
multiple decision trees to make predictions. Each tree is trained on a 
random  subset  of  the  data,  and  the  final  prediction  is  determined  by 
aggregating the predictions of all trees. Random Forest releases robust 
results  even  when  the  number  of  observations  is  smaller  than  the 
number  of  variables  or  the  variables  are  correlated  (Breiman,  2001; 
Nguyen et al., 2019).

Next, three essential parameters were configured in the RF training: 
the number of random regression trees (ntree, tested 20 to 100 trees); 
the number of division variables (mtry, used to determine the number of 
variables available to each node of the tree, with the default number of 
1/3 of the independent variables); and the minimum size of nodes (node 
size, value = 5).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest dynamics 
Net growth 
Tropical forest 
Brazil

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about which specific frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch are used for building the deep learning model. It only mentions two machine learning methods - Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) and Random Forests (RF), but it doesn't specify any particular framework used for implementing these methods. Therefore, based on the provided context, we cannot determine which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model.