Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

f (x) ∼ GP(m(x) , k(x, x’) )

(4) 

NN, a powerful and widely utilized machine learning model, excels 
in tasks such as classification and regression (Arbib, 2003; Niroumand- 
Jadidi  et  al.,  2022).  Comprising  interconnected  nodes  (neurons)  ar-
ranged  in  layers,  NN  processes  and  transforms  input  data  to  produce 
desired  outputs  (Goodfellow  et  al.,  2016;  Niroumand-Jadidi  et  al., 
2022). The fundamental structure encompasses an input layer, one or 
more hidden layers, and an output layer (Hardesty, 2017). The number 
of  neurons  in  the  input  layer  aligns  with  the  count  of  input  features, 
whereas  in  this study, only  wind  speed  is  considered. The number of 
neurons  in  the  output  layer  corresponds  to  the  number  of  outputs  or 
classes  (Hardesty,  2017).  An  essential  consideration  of  NN  design

During the preparation of this work the authors used Generative Pre- 
trained Transformer 3.5 and 4 (GPT-3.5 and GPT-4) in order to enhance 
the language quality and fluency of the English content. After using this 
tool/service, the authors reviewed and edited the content as needed and 
take full responsibility for the content of the publication. It should be 
also noteed that this research was conducted without the support of any 
external funding. 

Data availability 

Data will be made available on request. 

References 

Adjovu, G.E., Stephen, H., James, D., Ahmad, S., 2023. Measurement of total dissolved 

solids and total suspended solids in water systems: a review of the issues, 
conventional, and remote sensing techniques. Remote Sens. 15 (14), 3534. 
Akbari, M., Mirchi, A., Roozbahani, A., Gafurov, A., Kløve, B., Haghighi, A.T., 2022. 
Desiccation of the transboundary Hamun Lakes between Iran and Afghanistan in

During the validation phase of the machine learning algorithms, a K- 
fold cross-validation technique was implemented. Additionally, a four- 
fold  cross-validation  was  conducted  on  the  training  dataset,  as  illus-
trated in Fig. 4. The dataset was initially extracted, and the feature set 
was randomly divided into four mutually exclusive folds through strat-
ified sampling (Guo et al., 2021; Psychalas et al., 2023). Each fold served 
as  the  validation  set,  while  the  remaining  three  folds  constituted  the 
training set for model training. To address imbalances, random under 
sampling (RUS) was applied to the training set, while the validation set 
remained unchanged. The model underwent training using the balanced 
three-fold  training  dataset  for  a  specified  number  of  epochs  and  was 
subsequently  tested  on  the  validation  fold to  generate  predictions for 
that specific fold. This process iterated four times with distinct valida-

Hanintyo, R., Susilo, E., Pradisty, N.A., Surana, I.N., 2021. Chlorophyll-a And Total 

Suspended Matter Retrieval and Comparison of C2RCC Neural Network Algorithms 
on Landsat 8 Data over Wangi-Wangi Island, Indonesia. SPIE, pp. 150–158. 

Hardesty, L., 2017. Explained: neural networks. MIT News 14. 
Hastie, T., Tibshirani, R., Friedman, J.H., Friedman, J.H., 2009. The Elements of 

Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction. Springer. 

He, X., Bai, Y., Pan, D., Huang, N., Dong, X., Chen, J., Chen, C.-T.A., Cui, Q., 2013. Using 
geostationary satellite ocean color data to map the diurnal dynamics of suspended 
particulate matter in coastal waters. Remote Sens. Environ. 133, 225–239. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10256515A. Noori et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, it is not possible to determine which data augmentation techniques were used, such as flipping, rotating, scaling, etc.

Unhelpful Answer:
The paper uses a neural network (NN) for tasks like classification and regression. However, there is no mention of any data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline.