Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

>50% cover of U. galli

Molina grassland
>50% cover of M. caerulea
Juncus rushes
>50% cover of Juncus spp.

LWHab classes
(based on Phase-1)

Broadleaved woodland
Needleleaved woodland
Improved grassland,
Arable crops

Bracken
Acid grassland
Neutral grassland
Calcareous grassland
Dry dwarf shrub heath (Ddsh)
Wet dwarf shrub heath (Wdsh)
Fen, Marshy grassland, and Swamp
Modified bog
Blanket bog
Raised bog
Open dune, Dune Grassland, Dune Heath,
Dune Scrub
Saltmarsh

Ulex dominated scrub

Molina grassland

Juncus rushes

* Perennial ryegrass, Trifolium repens, Ranunculus repens, Cynosurus cristatus, Poa trivialis.

Fig. 4. Harmonisation of habitat classes within (a) GMEP to generate (c) GMEPmod demonstrated over one of the GMEP 1 km2 square (SquareID: EYAQHZ). LWHab
map (b) is also shown to demonstrate the similarities and differences with GMEP and GMEPmod.

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027147S.M. Punalekar et al.

validation datasets and their reliability, are rarely discussed, despite
their impact on habitat map accuracy and how this can be improved.

For the ML model, training and testing datasets were generated
through reference to existing field datasets and VHR images (Section
2.4.3, Table 2). Areas dominated by the target communities were digi-
tised as polygons and all pixels contained were extracted. These poly-
gons were then split into calibration and validation sets, with ~30% of
pixels for each VT reserved for independent model validation. Splitting
polygons rather than pixels minimises the effect of spatial autocorrela-
tion on model accuracies (Karasiak et al., 2022). We used a python
implementation of the XGBoostClassifier (Chen and Guestrin, 2016) to
classify the VTs, given optimised random trees can be developed
whereby each new tree learns from the errors of those previous. As input
to the ML algorithm, the seasonal vegetation index composites from S2,
backscatter composites from S1, elevation and slope were used, totalling
up to 54 features (Appendix-A). The compositing periods were chosen

and erosion of peat) (Jones et al., 2020; Smith et al., 2020). Broadleaved

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide information about the specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions using an optimized random trees approach where each new tree learns from the errors of those previous. This could potentially include techniques such as dropout or L2 regularization, but without explicit mention, we cannot confirm which methods were employed.

Based on general practices in machine learning, common regularization methods used to prevent overfitting include dropout, L1 regularization, and L2 regularization. Dropout randomly drops out nodes during training to reduce co-dependencies between neurons, while L1 and L2 regularizations add penalties to the loss function to discourage large weights and encourage simpler models.