Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2. Methods 

Fig. 2 summarizes a series of processes in designing a deep-learning 
architecture that acts as a toxicovigilance tool. Subsequent sections will 
provide a comprehensive description of each section. 

2.1. Data collection

2.6. Performance metrics 

Conventional  metrics  were  used  to  evaluate  the  model’s  perfor-
mance, such as confusion matrices, accuracy, recall, precision, F1-score, 
Cohen  Kappa,  and  the  area under  the  ROC curve,  some of  which  are 
defined below (Johnson and Khoshgoftaar, 2019).  

Table 1 
List of hyperparameters utilized for training the Recurrent Neural Network 
model.  

Hyperparameter 

Value 

Optimizer 
Learning rate 
Batch size 
Epochs 
Dropout rate 
Loss function 

ADAM (Kingma and Ba, 2017) 
0.003 
32 
100 
0.5 
Binary Cross Entropy  

●  Confusion Matrix

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Using honey bee flight activity data and a deep learning model as a 
toxicovigilance tool 

Ulises Olivares-Pinto a, C´edric Alaux b, Yves Le Conte b, Didier Crauser b, Alberto Prado a,* 
a Escuela Nacional de Estudios Superiores Unidad Juriquilla, Universidad Nacional Aut´onoma de M´exico, Blvd. Juriquilla 3001, 76230, Juriquilla, Quer´etaro, Mexico 
b INRAE, Abeilles et Environnement, Avignon, France   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Honeybee flight activity 
Toxicovigilance 
Neurotoxic pesticides 
Recurrent neural network

Fig.  3. Model  architecture  for  predicting  pesticide  presence  in  bees  using  a 
Recurrent Neural Network. This framework integrates two Bidirectional Long 
Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM) layers. The model is designed to process three 
integrated features: the daily number of flights, the duration spent outside each 
day (measured in minutes), and the bee’s age. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026533U. Olivares-Pinto et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

2018). Additionally, the incorporation of bidirectional LSTMs (BiLSTM) 
helps  in  decoding  sequences  from  both  historical  and  future  records, 
enriching  pattern  discernment  in  a  time  series  (Hochreiter  and 
Schmidhuber, 1997; Karim et al., 2019; Khan et al., 2021).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information on the specific framework or library used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch were used.