Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Given unlabelled input data consisting of N samples with F features, 
x âˆˆ â„NÃ—F,  the  probabilistic  encoder  of  a  VAE  maps  the  input  to  the 
posterior density p(z|x) over the latent variable, z âˆˆ â„NÃ—L. In practice, 
L << N and the encoder neural network approximates the true posterior 
density, p(z|x), with a multivariate Gaussian, qÎ¸(z|x) âˆ¼ ğ’© (Î¼Î¸, Ïƒ2
Î¸ ). The 
decoder of a VAE reconstructs the input data from the latent variable 
and is given by the density function pÏ†(x|z). The encoder and decoder 
neural networks are parameterised by Î¸  and Ï†, respectively. The opti-
mization objective of a VAE consists of two competing terms and it can 
be shown to be (Kingma and Welling, 2014)  

â„’VAE = (cid:0) EqÎ¸ [logpÏ†(x|z)] + KL[qÎ¸(z|x)||p(z)]
â„’VAEâ‰œâ„’rec + â„’reg

(1) 

(2)

dataset  recorded  at  a  different  location  and  was  gradually  expanded 
until  reconstructions  were  sufficiently  good.  In  order  to  visualize  the 
latent  representation,  the  size  of  the  bottleneck  of  the  model  (latent 
dimension) was limited to two. Details of the network architecture are 
reported in Table 1.

Fig. 4. Example latent representation of unlabelled field data and the four test species. While all methods map the high dimensional input data to a two dimensional 
feature space, the dynamic Î²-VAEs creates clusters with less overlap between the species groups. The inclusion of 10% labelled data for training further improves the 
results, yielding denser clusters with less overlap than the unsupervised Î²-VAE. 

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014566(a)PCA(b)Kernel-PCA(c)VAE(d)UnsupervisedÎ²-VAE(e)Semi-supervisedÎ²-VAEK. Rydhmer and R. Selvan

2.2. VAEs and Î²-annealing 

Variational  autoencoders  (VAEs)  consist  of  a  regularized  probabi-
listic  encoder-decoder  pair  and  are  some  of  the  most  powerful  repre-
sentation learning methods (Bengio et al., 2013; Kingma and Welling, 
2014). They have seen broad applications in generative modelling and 
unsupervised learning tasks.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability or location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the context is not explicitly stated. Therefore, I cannot provide a specific answer based on the given context alone. It would require additional information or resources to determine where the data repository is located.