Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Based on this evaluation, we performed a cross-comparison based on 
our ApisFis model and validation data. Fig. 17 presents the result of the 
matching comparison for the 12 sites. For each, the field estimations are 
close to the outcome of our model. For sites 2 & 4 & 6 & 8 and 12 the 
outcome  of  the  field  campaign  is,  respectively,  low,  moderate,  and 
suitable. Our model yields very similar results to the field estimations for 
these sites. However, for some sites, the field estimations were higher 
than our model prediction (Sites 1 &  3 and 7) and for other sites, the 
field estimations were lower than the Apis-FIS model outcomes (Sites 5 
& 9 & 10 & 11).

landscapes  unit  provision  based  on  expert  data  from  the  literature 
against  those  from  a  field  survey.  Both  models  used  the  Nova  Scotia 
Forest  Ecosystem  Classification  at  10  m  resolution.  The  main  result 
highlighted that the output map informed with field data was 8% more

The rules for this Apis-FIS subsystem are: 
IF (LCWTSuit is VL) THEN (ApisSuit is VLS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is L) OR (DistSuit is UP) THEN (ApisSuit is LS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is M) THEN (ApisSuit is MS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is H) OR (DistSuit is AP) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
IF (LCWTSuit is HS) THEN (ApisSuit is HS). 
To  implement  our  FIS  models,  we  use  the  fuzzy  logic  toolbox  of 
Matlab 2023b. This toolbox provides large capabilities to choose several 
membership functions and to build any desired set of inference rules. 

Fig. 14. Response surface of LCWTSuit and ApisSuit.  

2.4. Apis-FIS model validation

Fig. 2. Overview of the study area: Land Use / Land Cover Map (LULC) source: (MELCCFP, Q, 2022).  

Table 1 
Data types used in this study.  

Dataset 

LULC 

Temporal 
R. 

Spatial 
R. 

Data 
type 

Sources 

Annual 

10 m 

Raster 

MNT-Lidar 

– 

1 m 

Raster 

Weather data 

Daily 

2.5 km 

Raster 

Database of parcels and 
declared agricultural 
production (BDPPAD) 
Geobase of the Qu´ebec 
hydrographic network 
(GRHQ) 

Geobase Adresses Qu´ebec 

Annual 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

Vector 

Vector 

Vector 

(MELCCFP, Q, 
2022) 
(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.F, 2020) 
(Mai et al., 
2020) 
(FADQ, 2022) 

(Minist`ere, d.R. 
n.e.d.F, 2016) 

(Minist`ere, d.r. 
n.e.d.F, 2015)  

flight time and performance. Flying time and performance is linked to 
many weather factors like temperature, wind, precipitation, solar radi-
ation, and these factors combined dictate if and when honey bees will 
take flight.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to determine the specific criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training into train, test, and validation sets. Typically, the dataset is divided randomly or using stratified sampling techniques to ensure that all classes are represented proportionally in each subset. However, without explicit details about the methodology employed in this particular case, it would not be possible to provide a definitive answer.