Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Other  ML  algorithms,  in  general,  and  deep  learning  algorithms,in 
particular,  can  be  applied  to  hyperspectral  data  to  predict  the  water 
quality parameters with better accuracy and performance using orbital 
hyperspectral data. The number and spatial distribution of the samples, 
and influence of different atmospheric correction algorithms (Vanhel-
lemont and Ruddick, 2021) are among essential parameters that should 
be noticed in  all future studies  to create  a representative dataset and 
make  a  ML-based  model  with  acceptable  generalisation  (Menezes  de 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020589M. Saberioon et al.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Biophysical properties 
Hyperspectral imagery 
Machine learning 
Remote sensing 
Satellite imagery 
Water quality

Thirty-two  water  samples  were  collected  for  laboratory  analyses 
during  the  aerial  imaging  campaign  on  July  11,  2010.  Samples  were 
collected  from  thirty  reservoirs  with  different  trophic  levels  (i.e.,  hy-
pertrophic ponds and sandpit lakes with oligotrophic-mesotrophic water 
types),  with  a  total  water  surface  area  of  1904.6  ha.  The  smallest 
reservoir  (Z´ajezek  fishpond) was 4.23 ha and the  largest (Staˇnkovský 
fishpond) 197.0 ha. The average area of the reservoirs of interest was 
63.5 ha. Each sampling point location was recorded using GPS.

Maier, P.M., Keller, S., Hinz, S., 2021. Deep learning with wasi simulation data for 

estimating chlorophyll a concentration of inland water bodies. Remote Sens. 13, 718. 
https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13040718. 

Novo, E.M.L.M., Steffen, C.A., Braga, C.Z.F., 1991. Results of a laboratory experiment 
relating spectral reflectance to total suspended solids. Remote Sens. Environ. 36, 
67–72. https://doi.org/10.1016/0034-4257(91)90031-Z. 

Olmanson, L.G., Brezonik, P.L., Bauer, M.E., 2013. Airborne hyperspectral remote 

sensing to assess spatial distribution of water quality characteristics in large rivers: 
The mississippi river and its tributaries in minnesota. Remote Sens. Environ. 130, 
254–265. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2012.11.023.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no specific information about the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, common data annotation techniques used in deep learning include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, polygon annotation, key points or landmark annotation, and image classification. These techniques help label the input data so that the machine learning algorithm can learn patterns and relationships between the labeled features and their corresponding outputs. In this case, since the study focuses on applying deep learning algorithms to hyperspectral data to predict water quality parameters, it is likely that some form of pixel-level annotation technique such as semantic segmentation or instance segmentation may have been used to identify and classify different water quality parameters within the hyperspectral images. However, without more specific information, it cannot be confirmed which exact data annotation techniques were used in this particular study.