Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3. Materials and methods 

This section presents the tools and statistical models used to analyse 
the dependencies in this article. The first tool that was helpful in pre- 
processing  the  data  was  standardization  (Williamson  and  Piattoeva, 
2019). This is a kind of normalization that allows changing the scope of 
individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical 
range. It should be emphasized here that this transformation preserves 
the distance relations between individual data. Thus, suppose one have a 
set of records xj ∈ ℝn, j = 1, …, m where n is the number of features. For 
each element j = 1, …, m, the variables are transformed as follows: 

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)1012844P.A. Kowalski et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

As described above, only 8 of the describing variables were adopted 
for the next tested model. In the M5 model, the alternative YNG_PCT was 

Fig. 10. W* parameters values in MLR M1, M2 and M3 models.  

Fig. 11. W* parameters values in MLR M4 model.  

Fig. 12. W* parameters values in MLR M5 model.  

EcologicalInformatics63(2021)10128410P.A. Kowalski et al.

of districts within the NUTS3 units. 

In summary, it should be emphasized that both the environmental 
data, i.e. the information related to population and geographic condi-
tions, and the air pollution data, are of the Big Data type. Its volume is in 
the order of terabytes in size. 

5. Data processing results and analysis 

5.1. The course of COVID-19 cases

xnew
j,i =

xj,i (cid:0) mi
stdi

,

(1)  

coefficients can be presented in the following form: 

eq = Y = XW *.

new is the value of the variable xj, i after standardization with the 
where: xj, i
given  data,  mi  is  the  arithmetic  mean  of  the  i  feature  and  stdi  is  the 
standard deviation of this feature. It is worth emphasizing here that the 
standardization of data is independent for each of the considered fea-
tures i = 1, …, n. The data standardization procedure is carried out in 
most  tasks  that  use  tools  from  the  domain  of  statistical  analysis  and 
machine learning. Standardization is not recommended for data that we 
know are not normally distributed. The factors analysed in this study 
were  normalized  according  to  the  formula  (1),  therefore,  they  had 
values in a similar range and could be compared with each other.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model (e.g., Diverse dataset, cross-validation, Stratified splitting)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The materials and methods section does not provide explicit details on any specific deep learning model or its evaluation process. However, it mentions the use of standardization as a method for pre-processing the data. Standardization is a technique used to change the scale of individual variables so that they are presented in a similar numerical range while preserving their distance relationships. This helps in making different types of data comparable and improves the performance of machine learning algorithms.

Although there is no direct mention of using diverse datasets, cross-validation, or stratified splitting techniques, these methods are commonly employed to improve the generalizability of deep learning models. Cross-validation involves dividing the dataset into multiple subsets and training the model on different combinations of those subsets to evaluate its performance. Stratified splitting ensures that the distribution of classes in the train and test sets remains consistent with the original dataset. These techniques help prevent overfitting and improve the model's ability to perform well on unseen data.

Since the text does not explicitly discuss the application of such techniques, it cannot be confirmed whether they were utilized in this particular case. Therefore, based on the given context, it is not possible to determine what measures were taken to ensure the generalizability of the deep learning model.