Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

for the FWI and FFMC data layers with a spatial resolution of 1 × 1 km.
The nine-cell approach, the results of which are shown in this paper, led
to slightly better prediction results of the variants, likely because it
smoothed existing data inaccuracies within single grid cells.

(DWD) is currently working on a new grassland fire index. Such an
index may be particularly useful in the winter half-year for mountain
regions such as the Alps, as it allows a reasonable estimation of fine fuel
moisture beyond the scope of the FFMC and FWI (Müller et al., 2020).
An improvement of the prediction accuracy of winter and spring fires
may also be achieved by including a high-resolution data layer of the
actual snow cover. First attempts of such an approach are currently
tested in France and Germany (Müller et al., 2020).

< 78

78 < 87
5 < 10
2,5 < 8

87 < 91
10 < 20
8 < 17

91 < 93 ≥ 93
20 < 40 ≥ 50
17 < 36 ≥ 36

2.3. Human impact

2.5. Vegetation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about the specific optimization techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. The text discusses the use of the nine-cell approach for smoothing data inaccuracies within single grid cells, leading to improved prediction results. It also mentions the development of a new grassland fire index and the inclusion of high-resolution data layers for improving prediction accuracy. However, these details do not provide any insight into the optimization techniques employed in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.