Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identify which birds are providing care to the chicks and how often 

given  classification  problem  (see  Angermueller,  Pärnamaa,  Parts, 

they do it. Such data can, to some extent, be automated using PIT-

&  Stegle,  2016;  Christin  et  al.,  2019;  Jordan  &  Mitchell,  2015; 

tags and fitting RFID readers to a nest. However, this technology 

LeCun, Bengio, & Hinton, 2015 for a detailed introduction on deep 

cannot  record  many  additional,  and  important  pieces  of  informa-

learning).  CNNs  are  thus  particularly  useful  when  many  features 

tion, such as the type of food that parents are bringing to the chicks 

for classification are needed.

or distinguishing the purpose of the visit (e.g. to feed the chicks or 

In  ecology,  deep  learning  has  been  successfully  and  predomi-

to  engage  in  nest  maintenance  activities).  Thus,  a  major  advance 

nantly  applied  to  identifying  and  counting  animal  or  plant  species

has been restricted to standardized conditions (e.g. Pérez-Escudero 

deep learning approach for a given study is to guarantee that enough 

et al., 2014) that are not easily satisfied when working with wild an-

training data can be collected to train a model. Our data from two wild 

imal populations.

populations showed that we can rely on RFID technology to gather 

Besides  the  recording  conditions,  it  is  also  important  to  con-

large amounts of automatically labelled data. Since this technology 

sider  how  tags  used  for  human  identification  could  artificially  in-

is now widely used for research on birds (e.g. Aplin et al., 2015), we 

crease the accuracy of the models. For example, here the sociable 

believe that the proposed method for automatizing data collection 

weavers  had  three  coloured  bands  and  a  metal  ring  in  their  legs 

for  deep  learning  applications  could  be  easily  and  rapidly  imple-

and  temporary  features,  and  thus  perform  badly  when  having  to 

predict the identity of the individuals a few days later. Therefore, 

2 |  M ATE R I A L S A N D M E TH O DS

effectively  making  use  of  deep  learning  for  individual  identifica-

tion,  especially  in  the  wild,  requires  new  ways  to  collect  training 

2.1 | Study populations

data that do not rely on individual manual image annotation.

When  working  in  captivity  settings,  such  large  labelled  image 

We  collected  pictures  from  a  population  of  sociable  weavers  at 

datasets can be easily collected by temporarily isolating the animals in 

Benfontein  Nature  Reserve  in  Kimberley,  South  Africa,  and  a  pop-

enclosures separated from the rest of the group while filming or pho-

ulation  of  great  tits,  from  a  population  in  Möggingen,  southern 

tographing them. However, such an approach is clearly not feasible for

tlenecks preventing the application of deep learning for individual identification 

is the need to collect and identify hundreds to thousands of individually labelled 

pictures to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs).

3.  Here we describe procedures for automating the collection of training data, gen-

erating training datasets, and training CNNs to allow identification of individual 

Handling Editor: Edward Codling

birds. We apply our procedures to three small bird species, the sociable weaver 

Philetairus socius, the great tit Parus major and the zebra finch Taeniopygia guttata, 

representing both wild and captive contexts.

4.  We first show how the collection of individually labelled images can be automated, 

allowing the construction of training datasets consisting of hundreds of images per 

individual. Second, we describe how to train a CNN to uniquely re-identify each indi-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it mentions that collecting and identifying hundreds to thousands of individually labeled pictures is necessary to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In captivity settings, large labeled image datasets can be collected by temporarily isolating the animals in enclosures separated from the rest of the group while filming or photographing them. This implies that some form of labeling or tagging is being done to associate the images with the correct individual animals. Additionally, the text discusses the use of RFID technology to gather large amounts of automatically labeled data, suggesting that RFID tags may be used to help automate the data annotation process.