Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

is training and storing models using an interface provided by the site and 
its computational resources.

4.  A modular classification scheme. A taxonomic classification system 
requires  training data  that includes  at  least  hundreds  of  manually 
labeled individuals per class. Thus, a general purpose, yet high res-
olution, system for taxonomic classification is probably not feasible. 
Instead we envision a (gradually growing) set of custom-made AI- 
based classification models. Labeling of individual insects by experts 
is  already  implemented  in  STARdbi,  but  the  other  aspects  of  this 
vision - training, storage, retrieval and application of classification 
models  -  are  not  yet  operational.  We  are  already  creating  task- 
specific  classifiers  on  users’  requests.  The  performance  of  such  a 
classifier is presented in the Results section as case study 1.

2.5. Automatic insect classification 

Automatic,  AI-based,  insect  classification  is  not  yet  part  of  the 
STARdbi pipeline. Users may download images and their box annota-
tions (as Comma Separated Values, csv, files), train models locally, and 
apply them to unlabeled data. The programs that we applied to this end 
(case study 1 in the Results section) are available in the STARdbi web- 
site as a Google Colab notebook. We also welcome collaborations with 
other researchers, in which our team will take the role of designing and 
trouble-shooting classification models to meet specific needs. 

The available programs for the generation of classification models 

include:  

1.  STARdbi_split_images 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025213T. Keasar et al.

A  major  component  that  is  still  missing  from  STARdbi  is  insect 
classification and identification. It is a standard image processing task, 
and we (as well as others) provide stand-alone tools to train and use AI- 
models to complete it (see case study 1 above). However, integrating 
these utilities into the STARdbi infrastructure is a challenge. An all-in- 
one model, which identifies all the species that are of interest to any 
entomologist, is probably not feasible. There are far too many of them. 
Instead, we will have to make do with multiple models, each identifying 
either a wide range of low-resolution taxa (e.g., orders), a hierarchy of 
taxomonic  levels  (Bjerge  et  al.,  2023),  or  a  limited  number  of  focal 
species. Allowing users to upload their own models is, unfortunately, a 
major cyber-security threat, as such models are full-fledged programs 
that may hide malware. The alternative, towards which we are leaning,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized, whether through grid search, random search, or another method. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.