Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

50.9 
59.7 
63.2 

90.2 

76.7 

93.1 

80.1 

LSSegNet3 (Kaijaluoto 
et al., 2022) 
DCNN (Hamraz et al., 
2019) 
RandLA-NET (Kaijaluoto 
et al., 2022) 
PointCNN (Xi et al., 
2020) 
DCNN (Fricker et al., 
2019) 

TLS 

TLS + Raster 

[X, Y, I] 

85.1 

– 

TLS 

TLS 

[X, Y, Z, R2, 
*] 

92.9 

80.6 

[X, Y, Z, I] 

83.4 

61.3 

ALS + aerial 
imagery 

[X, Y, 
Colour, *] 

86.7 

–  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026128L. Comesa˜na-Cebral et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Fig. 7. MIoU and IoU values per class obtained during the training with point clouds in different formats as input data.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Wildfire response of forest species from multispectral LiDAR data. A deep 
learning approach with synthetic data 

Lino Comesa˜na-Cebral *, Joaquín Martínez-S´anchez , Gabriel Su´arez-Fern´andez , Pedro Arias 

CINTECX, Universidade de Vigo, Applied Geotechnology Group, 36310 Vigo, Spain   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Multispectral LiDAR 
Deep learning 
Fire response 
Synthetic data 
Wildfire

Regardless of the model type employed for semantic classification, 
training  a  DNN  model  from  scratch  requires  a  substantial  number  of 
training samples to grasp a diverse range of features. The lack of liter-
ature on semantic classifications of real LiDAR point clouds being pre-
trained  with  synthetic  data  emphasises  the  importance  of  integrating 
augmented  data  simulations  during  the  training  phase  of  DL  models. 
Data augmentation addresses the requirement for large training datasets 
in DNNs, which can be achieved using an external simulator. Current 
research  on  LiDAR  point-cloud  simulations  predominantly  embraces 
two perspectives: aerial and terrestrial, specifically ALS, Terrestrial, and 
Mobile Laser Scanning (TLS and MLS, respectively) point clouds.

After the NN interpolation, the MS point clouds were retrieved for 
each  of  the nine  plots. However,  owing  to computational  limitations, 
these  bulky  point  clouds  pose  a  significant  challenge  to  the  accurate 
performance  of  DL  models,  whose  layers  cannot  support  such  tensor 
sizes. Lowering the number of points in specific locations could lead to 
the  loss  of  important  information;  however,  a  random  downsampling 
process  was  applied  to  uniformly  reduce  the  number  of  points  while 
visually  maintaining  the  forest  structure.  Furthermore,  the  aforemen-
tioned scanners provide more information that contributes to increase 
the size of the input tensors, such as the number of returns, amplitude, 
deviation,  GPS  time,  and  eco-deviation.  Ideally,  all  these  information 
fields  would  be  helpful  for  the  DL  model  to  distinguish  among  the 
considered  semantic  classes.  However,  one  of  the  crucial  limitations

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide any information about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline used in this study. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact code repository link based on the given context.