Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10255211M.V. Eitzel et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

There may also be ways to include information from online spectral li-
braries  or  other  remote  sensing  products  with  more  detailed  spectral 
information and coarser spatial detail to refine classifications with the 
help of machine learning tools. We do caution, however, that though 
machine  learning  methods  have  great  potential  for  automatic  or  su-
pervised classification, they are still limited by the quality of their inputs 
(both  imagery  and  training  data):  using  NAIP  and  massive  training 
datasets, they can perform well, but they may not succeed for historical 
imagery with its wildly variable characteristics (e.g. blurriness, distor-
tion). More testing is necessary.

4.3. Classification scheme choices represent tradeoffs between qualitative 
and quantitative analysis 

Even within our manual classification method, there are options for 
richer analysis. We review our approach to arriving at the existing broad 
classification, but also demonstrate below how a finer classification may 
be possible (and desirable) for individual sites or images.

However, there are disadvantages to the manual delineation method 
we  used  for  classification,  largely  that  it  was  labor-intensive,  which 
impacted the quantity of imagery we could classify as well as our vali-
dation  methods.  Having  two  classifiers  working  together,  one  with 
knowledge of the imagery (M.V. Eitzel, MVE) and one with knowledge 
of the field sites (Daniel Sarna-Wojcicki, DSW), resulted in much more 
accurate  classifications  than  a  classifier  working  more  independently 
(Sean  Hogan,  SH)  –  but  this  method  took  a  large  number  of  person-

used for the quantitative comparisons we demonstrated in Section 3.3, 
and then for those sites where a more detailed classification is possible,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What preprocessing steps are involved before training a deep learning model (e.g., normalization, scaling, cleaning)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The text does not provide specific details about the preprocessing steps involved before training a deep learning model. However, generally speaking, common preprocessing steps for image datasets might include normalization, scaling, and cleaning. Normalization involves adjusting pixel values so they fall within a certain range, such as 0 to 1. Scaling refers to resizing images to fit the input size required by the deep learning model. Cleaning involves removing any irrelevant or corrupted data points from the dataset. These preprocessing steps help improve the performance and efficiency of the deep learning model during training.