Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

9 of 17

A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a type of deep learning-based model for
processing multidimensional data that follows a grid pattern [60]. The model is developed
in such a way that the algorithm learns and adapts to the spatial hierarchies of features by
itself from the lower to the higher levels of the pattern. Mathematically, it is composed of
three layers or building blocks: convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers. Feature
extraction is conducted using the ﬁrst two layers and mapping the extracted features to the
output is conducted by the third layer.

Network (CNN) architecture is proposed, designed, and tested, which eventually gave much better
accuracy than the BIOCLIM model. Both of the models were given 16 input parameters, including
ecological and atmospheric variables, which were statistically resampled and were then utilized
in establishing the linear and nonlinear relationship to better ﬁt the occurrence scenarios of the
species. The input parameters were mostly acquired from the recent satellite missions, including
MODIS, Sentinel-2, Sentinel-5p, the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), and ECOSTRESS.
The performance across all the thresholds was evaluated using the value of the Area Under Curve
(AUC) evaluation metrics. The AUC value was found to be 0.917 with CNN, whereas it was 0.68
with BIOCLIM, respectively. The performance evaluation metrics indicate the superiority of CNN for
species distribution over BIOCLIM.

modelling approaches and the increased number of datasets has made this model one of
the most globally accepted SDMs. There is a growing concern for the establishment of the
nonlinear relationship between the bioclimatic parameters through innovative approaches
such as deep learning-based models. It has been observed that the BIOCLIM model is
overestimates the species distribution and the higher probability of species occurrence at
the higher altitude. Moreover, it has been observed that the distribution pattern of the
predicted Rhododendron arboreum distribution using CNN architecture is quite different at
some places than from conventional BIOCLIM models. The current work proposed deep
learning-based CNN architecture for probability distribution modelling and proved to
perform better than the traditional BIOCLIM model. There was an underestimation of
species distribution observed in CNN than BIOCLIM. The distribution probability in CNN

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3284

13 of 17

kappa, with values 0.652 and 0.94, respectively, also gave support to the applicability of
CNN in comparison to conventional SDM’s such as BIOCLIM. These values showcase the
superiority of deep learning models for species probability distribution using the given set
of ecological and bioclimatic parameters.

Figure 7. Probability distribution of Rhododendron arboreum using (a) BIOCLIM and (b) CNN Models.

Table 2. Statistical performance analysis of BIOCLIM and CNN.

AUC

Kappa

TSS

4. Discussion

BIOCLIM

0.68

0.76

0.44

CNN

0.917

0.94

0.652

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is used as the deep learning model in the pipeline. This type of neural network is specifically designed for processing multidimensional data that follow a grid pattern. The CNN consists of three main layers: convolution, pooling, and fully connected layers. The first two layers are responsible for feature extraction, while the last layer maps these extracted features to the output. In this case, the CNN model was applied to establish both linear and nonlinear relationships between ecological and atmospheric variables to predict the occurrence scenarios of a specific species. The results showed that the CNN model outperformed the traditional BIOCLIM model in terms of accuracy and performance evaluation metrics, such as Area Under Curve (AUC), Kappa, and True Skill Statistics (TSS).