Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

standard  for  most  research  teams  which  are  becoming  familiar  with 
deep learning approaches.

Table 1 
Model training optimized parameters.  

Parameter 

Nomenclature 

Search interval 

Learning 
rate 

Momentum 
SD threshold 
Input size 

μ 

β 
σ 
s 

[10

(cid:0) 5, 10

(cid:0) 2] 

[0,1] 
[0.05, 0.25] 
{(75, 125, 3), (100, 150, 3), 
(200, 250, 3)} 

Optimized 
value 

0.096 

0.845 
0.05 
(200, 250, 3)  

Each optimization run consisted of 3000 train iterations with a batch 
size of 25 individuals to pick a pair of similar and a pair of dissimilar 
photos (i.e., a batch size of 100 images), and validating each 300 iter-
ations. TensorBoard —a set of visualization tools included in the open- 
source  library  for  machine  learning  TensorFlow—  was  used  to  study 
the performance of the runs. The selected parameters correspond to the 
run shown in Supplementary Fig. S3. 

3. Results

straightforward methodology, and it is developed within a much more 
limited scenario, which is the standard for most research teams which 
are becoming familiar with deep learning approaches.

the growing computing capability of machines and availability of big 
data, making it possible to extract high levels of representation of image 
content  (Hassaballah  and  Hosny,  2019).  This  field  falls  into  artificial 
intelligence  and,  in  particular,  deep  learning,  which  has  recently 
received  large  attention  from  ecologists  (Christin  et  al.,  2019).  Deep 
learning  is  a  sub-field  of  artificial  intelligence  which  focuses  on  a 
learning method based on logical structures that closely resemble the 
architectural  characteristics  of  the  brain  (the  so-called  deep  artificial 
neural networks). It consists of processing units within the global system 
that  specialize  in  detecting certain  hidden  characteristics  in the  data. 
The  first  record  of  the  application  of  computer  vision  in  the  field  of 
fisheries  dates  from  1980s,  which  consisted  in  a  method  for  sorting

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to provide a detailed explanation about how the trained deep learning model was deployed. However, typically after training a deep learning model, the next steps involve saving or serializing the model, selecting a platform where the model will be hosted, and then integrating the saved model into this platform. After deployment, the model can receive input data and generate predictions accordingly.