Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)1018994G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan

EcologicalInformatics73(2023)10189914G. Charizanos and H. Demirhan

Halgamuge et al. (2020) focused on utilizing deep learning to esti-
mate the best optimizer selection methods for wildfire event predictions 
in Australia. They developed an algorithm to collect the data automat-
ically and analyzed six different optimizer models using deep learning 
technology. They concluded that this approach could predict a natural 
disaster, including wildfire events, by investigating historical environ-
mental  conditions  before  and  after  wildfires  occurred  using  the  deep 
learning methodology. Dowdy (2020) focused on demonstrating a sea-
sonal prediction system for wildfire event prediction in Australia. This 
measured  spatio-temporal  variations  and  seasonality  across  several 
datasets  and  utilized  this  methodology  to  predict  wildfire  events, 
focusing on the seasonal predictions using the 2019–2020 wildfire sea-
son  as  an  example  and  measuring  long-term  predictions.  Coen  et  al.

2.1.2. Measurement and extraction of NDVI data 

A spectral index, NDVI from GEE datasets is a measure of the level of 
greenness  of  the  land  in  the  form  of  an  index  ranging  from  (cid:0) 1  to  1, 
which  helps  understand  the  density  of  forests  and  relative  health  of 
vegetation involved. NDVI differentiates vegetation from other types of 
land cover using Eq. (1) (Earth Observing System, 2019): 

NDVI =

NIR(cid:0) R
NIR+R

,

(1)

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information provided does not include any details about the specific data repository link of the deep learning pipeline used by Halgamage et al. (2020). Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information based on the given context.