Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Monitoring the impact of human activities on the environment is a major challenge as many pollutants can be 
found in the different ecosystems. This is the case of the caesium-137 that has been present in the environment 
for  many  decades  as  a  result  of  atmospheric  tests,  accidents  such  as  Chernobyl  and  release  from  nuclear  in-
dustries. With the recent advance in data-driven models, this study evaluate the relevance of a deep learning tool 
for reconstructing caesium-137 chronics particulate concentration in rivers. An encoder-decoder neural network, 
“Hierarchical  Attention-Based  Recurrent  Highway  Networks”(HRHN),  is  proposed  notably  for  its  ability  to 
extract the most relevant temporal and spatial information from the databases. Three monitoring stations were 
studied, one on the Rhˆone River and two on the Loire River, all of them downstream nuclear industries in these

structure as the one present in the encoder 

For more details on the theory of the elements discussed we refer the 
reader to the reference book (Goodfellow et al., 2016). This architecture 
involves  a  large  number  of  hyperparameters  related  to  the  different 
types of layers (convolutional or recurrent) and therefore a large number 
of  parameters.  As  a  reminder,  a  parameter  is  internal  to  the  neural 
network.  It  will  evolve  during  the  whole  training  process  A  hyper-
parameter is external to the training process, it defines the properties of 
the network. It remains static during the training process. 

The  HyperBand  algorithm  is  proposed  for  optimisation  and  is 

described in the next section.

8. Conclusion 

Acknowledgement 

In this article, a multivariate modelling by a neural network encoder 
decoder the Hierarchical Attention-Based Recurrent Highway Networks 
Tao et al. (2016)is proposed for the prediction of 137Cs concentrations in 
SPM.  This  model  extracts  the  maximum  of  information  from  past 
exogenous  variable  from  river  (water  discharge,  release  and  washout 
flux)  with  encoder  part  using  convolution  layer  and  recurrent  layer 
(RHN)  to  generate  a  latent  representation.  A  layer  of  Hierarchical 
Attention  weighs  the  importance  of  this  representation.  Then  the 
decoder part processes this representation with the past history of the 
target  variable  using  an  recurrent  layer  (RHN)  for  predict  the  future 
concentration of 137Cs.

• CNN  window  size  (dim-filter-cnn)  ∈ [3, 4, 5, 6, 7].  The  convolution 
window size determines the size of the region over which convolu-
tion  is  applied  at  each  time  step.  It  is  important  to  choose  an 
appropriate window size to capture the relevant temporal patterns in 
the data.  

• the  number  of  filters  (nbr-filters-cnn)  ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64,
72, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  number  of  filters  determines 
how many different patterns the network can learn. The higher the 
number of filters, the more complex the network can be, but this can 
also make training more difficult.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the given context does not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on general knowledge, common methods for gathering raw data include surveys, sensors, and public datasets. Surveys involve collecting data through questionnaires or interviews, while sensors measure physical quantities like temperature, pressure, or radiation levels. Public datasets are collections of data made available by various organizations, governments, or researchers, often accessible online. In the context of environmental studies, data collection might involve deploying sensors along rivers to monitor water quality, using satellite imagery, or accessing historical records from government agencies.