Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Torres-Faurrieta, L.K., Dreyfus-Le´on, M.J., Rivas, D., 2016. Recruitment forecasting of 
yellowfin tuna in the eastern Pacific Ocean with artificial neuronal networks. Eco. 
Inform. 36, 106–113. 

Turkish Statistical Institute (TURKSTAT), 2019. Data Portal for Statistical. https://data. 
tuik.gov.tr/Search/Search?text=n%C3%BCfus%20art%C4%B1%C5%9F%20h%C4 
%B1z%C4%B1&dil=1 (accessed 07 Jun 2019).  

Ukhnaa, M., Huo, X., Gaudel, G., 2019. February. Modification of urban built-up area 
extraction method based on the thematic index-derived bands. In: IOP Conference 
Series: Earth and Environmental Science, vol. 227. IOP Publishing, p. 062009. No. 6.  

Wahla, S.S., Kazmi, J.H., Tariq, A., 2023. Mapping and monitoring of spatio-temporal 
land use and land cover changes and relationship with normalized satellite indices 
and driving factors. Geol. Ecol. Landsc. 1–17.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Hybrid model-based prediction of biomass density in case studies 
in Turkiye 

˙
Is¸ler a,*, Z. Aslan b, F. Sunar c, A. Günes¸ b, E. Feoli d, D. Gabriels e 

B. 

a Istanbul Topkapi University, Department of Computer Engineering, 34087, Turkiye 
b Istanbul Aydın University, Department of Computer Engineering, 34295, Turkiye 
c Istanbul Technical University ITU, Civil Engineering Faculty, 34469, Turkiye 
d University of Trieste, Department of Life Sciences, 34127, Italy 
e UNESCO Chair on Eremology, Ghent University, Belgium   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
ANN/W-ANN modelling 
Atmospheric data 
EVI 
LST 
NDBI

After  comparing  the  MSE  and  R  values  for  different  numbers  of 
neurons in the ANN system, the best model was determined to have 6 
hidden layer neurons. The performance outcomes of this best model are 
presented in Table 4, utilising the MAPE, RMSE and MSE as performance 
indicators. MAPE, which ranges from 0 to 100, assesses the error per-
centage  between  predicted  and  actual  values.  Considering  that  lower 
MAPE  values  indicate  better  prediction  performance,  ANN  analysis 
resulting in MAPE values of 15.9% for Iznik and 5.1% for Alanya showed 
that the prediction performance was higher for Alanya. In other words, 
the ANN model demonstrated better prediction ability and reliability, 
especially  for  the  Alanya  region,  and  surpassed  the  performance 
observed  in  Iznik.  Lower RMSE  and  MSE  values  indicate  closer  prox-
imity  of  predictions  to  actual  values,  signifying  better  performance.

After  determining  the  optimal  models  by  selecting  6  hidden  layer 
neurons for Iznik and 9 hidden layer neurons for Alanya based on the 
comparison of MSE and R values, the performance of these models was 
evaluated using indicators such as MAPE, RMSE, and MSE (Table 6). The 
MAPE values obtained for the Iznik and Alanya regions were determined 
as %5.4 and %2, respectively. These findings indicate improved accu-
racy in the prediction results, as the obtained MAPE values are lower 
than those achieved using the ANN method alone (Table 4).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide explicit information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized. However, it is mentioned that after comparing Mean Square Error (MSE) and R values for different numbers of neurons in the Artificial Neural Network (ANN) system, the best model was determined to have six hidden layer neurons. This suggests that some form of parameter tuning or optimization process might have been used, but the specific methods like grid search or random search are not explicitly stated. Therefore, we cannot definitively state how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized based solely on the given context.