Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

windows of 100-m, 500-m, or 1-km radii), (ii) the category level (e.g.: 
within thematic covariate categories), and (iii) using all remainders.

algorithms character vector with the name(s) of the 
algorithms(s) used for the embedding procedure; 
ncov value for the target number of covariates to 
include in the final set; maxncov value for the 
maximum possible number of covariates to include in 
the final set; nthreads value for the number of cores to 
be used during parallel operations    

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity; categories character 
vector with category-level covariate names; variables 
character vector with variable-level names

Table 1 
The three functions available in covsel (ver. 1.0.) with information on input data and arguments. See https://github.com/N-SDM/covsel and the function help files 
for additional details and examples.  

Function 

Description 

Common inputs 

Specific arguments 

covsel. filteralgo() 

Collinearity filtering (Step A) 

covsel. embed() 

Model-specific embedding (Step B) 

pa numeric vector of species presences (1) and 
absences (0); covdata data frame with continuous 
covariate data; weights (optional) numeric vector 
with the weights for each value in pa; force 
(optional) character vector with the name(s) of the 
covariate(s) to be forced in the final set 

covsel. filter() 

Wrapper function applying the collinearity 
filtering algorithm at each target level(s) 
(e.g. i: variable level; ii: category level; iii: 
all remainders) 

corcut value of the correlation coefficient threshold 
used for identifying collinearity

2.2. Step B: Model-specific embedding 

In Step B, covariates selected after Step A are used to fit models with 
embedded selection procedures. We use GLM with elastic-net regulari-
zation  (GLM-EN)  (Zou  and  Hastie,  2005),  GAM  with  null-space

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no mention of a deep learning model being used. The context discusses the use of Generalized Linear Models (GLMs) with elastic-net regularization and Generalized Additive Models (GAMs) with null-space penalization for fitting models with embedded selection procedures. Therefore, it is not possible to determine the purpose of a deep learning model from this context.