Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Additionally,  we  created  a  metadata  .csv  file  that  listed  all  of  the 
necessary classification information for training the CNN and k-NN . The 
.csv file had five columns. The first, dialect_folder, listed the file path to 
the folder containing the bird song. Each folder was labeled with the 
dialect type and the year it was collected, for example, “ABLA_2022”. 
Note, each folder name contained the label of the songs inside, as this 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026572B. Story et al.

grams, and created the metadata .csv file necessary for training the CNN 
and k-NN. Identical in structure to the metadata file outlined above, this 
file contained the metadata for the training set as opposed to the met-
adata for the entire dataset. 

No additional preprocessing was applied to the spectrograms as the 
goal was to do the least amount of preprocessing possible in order to 
demonstrate  the  power  of  human-machine  teaming.  Further,  when 
assessing the accuracy of the CNN on noise-filtered data versus raw data, 
the accuracy levels were similar: after 10 trials, the CNN’s accuracy on 
the  filtered  data  averaged  to  99.22%  and  the  accuracy  on  the  non- 
filtered data averaged to 99.25%.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

DialectDecoder: Human/machine teaming for bird song classification and 
anomaly detection 

Brittany Story a,b,d, *, Patrick Gillespie b, Graham Derryberry a, Elizabeth Derryberry a,c, 
Nina Fefferman a, b, c, Vasileios Maroulas a,b 
a NIMBioS, University of Tennessee Knoxville, 1122 Volunteer Blvd., Suite 106, Knoxville 37996, TN, USA 
b Department of Mathematics, University of Tennessee Knoxville, 1403 Circle Dr., Knoxville 37916, TN, USA 
c Department of Ecology and Environmental Biology, 569 Dabney Hall, Knoxville 37996, TN, USA 
d U.S. Army DEVCOM Army Research Laboratory, 7101 Mulberry Point Rd, Aberdeen Proving Ground 21005, MD, USA   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Human-machine teaming 
Song classification 
Anomaly detection

Fig. 1. Architecture for the DialectDecoder pipeline. The user inputs the ∼2 s song clips and the location data from a metadata file into the system (Input). Then, 
DialectDecoder prepares the labeled data for processing (Preprocess). Next, the program trains the CNN and k-NN (Train) to classify unknown songs. Then, Dia-
lectDecoder classifies or prompts the user to classify new songs the program has not seen before (Classify). Finally, after human classification has been completed, the 
program adds in the user classified songs to the dataset for retraining (Retrain) and retrains the networks with the new data. 

Fig. 2. Example spectrograms of the 9 different dialects.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any specific details about where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. It only mentions that they used a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN) algorithm for their research but doesn't mention anything about the availability of the code repository. Therefore, based on the given context, I cannot determine where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available.