Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Therefore,	 models	 including	 all	 variables	 used	 200	 input	 neurons,	
those	with	three	variables	used	150	input	neurons	and	so	on.	 ̄x and ̄y 
were	calculated	as	xi	minus	the	mean	of	xi	to	xi+w	(from	i	to	i	plus	the	
window	length,	w)	of	interpolated	data,	where	i	is	the	value	of	X or Y 

(Aiello,	 Kraljevic,	 &	 Maj,	 2015),	 an	 open-	source	 platform,	 was	 used	

at	a	given	point.

in  r	to	construct	 an	artificial	 neural	network	and	perform	 predictive	

̄xi = xi − μ (xi:x

(i+w))

modelling.	A	random	hyperparameter	search	was	conducted	to	deter-

Importantly,	the	variables	used	in	the	input	layer	were	only	those	

mine	the	optimum	model	structure.	The	number	of	layers	and	hidden	

collected	by	the	GPS	logger—TDR	data	were	subsequently	used	to	val-

nodes	per	layer	were	varied,	from	one	to	four	layers	and	from	20	hid-

idate	predictions.	Models	were	trained	on	species	individually,	with	all	

den	nodes	to	1,000.	The	hyperparameter	search	was	allowed	to	run

|  689

F I G U R E   6  Box	plots	of 	the	optimum	models	for	(a)	guillemots	
trained	with	coverage,	Xbar and Ybar	(b)	shags	trained	with	altitude	
and	coverage	and	(c)	razorbills	trained	with	coverage,	using	leave-	
one-	out	cross-	validation.	T_AUC	is	the	training	AUC,	V_AUC	is	the	
validation	AUC,	PPV	is	the	positive	predicted	value	and	NPV	the	
negative	predicted	value.	The	solid	line	in	the	middle	of	the	boxes	
represents	the	mean

was	 variation	 in	 the	 optimum	 models	 between	 species;	 however,	

altitude	 and	 coverage	 together	 were	 also	 good	 predictors	 of	 diving	

behaviour	in	all	species	(Table	3).	The	weakest	models	remained	the	

same	as	those	using	10-	fold	cross-	validation	(Appendix	S6).

3.2 | Alternative prediction methods

For	several	individuals	of	each	species,	the	HMMs	collapsed	for	both	

three-		and	two-	state	models.	This	meant	that	predictions	were	made	

for	 31	 and	 26	 guillemots,	 11	 and	 9	 shags	 and	 41	 and	 37	 razorbills,

colonies	grouped	together,	using	different	input	combinations	of	these	

for	24	hr,	and	automatically	stopped	when	the	top	ten	models	had	a	

variables	to	determine	which	might	best	predict	non-	diving	and	diving	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License686  |    Methods in Ecology and Evolu(cid:13)on

F I G U R E   4  Box	plots	of 	results	of	the	10-	fold	cross-	validation	
optimal	models	for	(a)	guillemots,	trained	using	coverage,	Xbar and 
Ybar,	and	(b)	shags	and	(c)	razorbills,	trained	using	altitude,	coverage,	
Xbar and Ybar.	T_AUC	is	the	training	AUC,	V_AUC	is	the	validation	
AUC,	PPV	is	the	positive	predicted	value	and	NPV	the	negative	
predicted	value.	The	solid	line	in	the	middle	of	the	boxes	represents	
the	mean	for	that	value

events.	The	impact	of	window	size	was	explored;	increasing	it	consis-

tently	increases	model	performance	(see	Appendix	S4).

The	data	for	each	model	were	randomly	split	into	10	equal	parts	

for	k-	fold	cross-	validation.	Each	model	was	then	trained	on	90%	of	the	

data	and	validated	on	the	remaining	10%;	this	was	performed	for	each	

tenth	of	the	data.	Additionally,	to	determine	 how	well	these	models	

might	 perform	 on	 data	 collected	 on	 birds	 from	 different	 colonies	 or

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
According to the given context, a random hyperparameter search was conducted to determine the optimum model structure. The number of layers and hidden nodes per layer were varied, with the number of layers ranging from one to four and the number of hidden nodes ranging from 20 to 1,000. The hyperparameter search was allowed to run until the top ten models had been identified. This suggests that a form of random search was employed to optimize the hyperparameters of the model. However, it is not explicitly stated whether this was a purely random search or if any other optimization techniques were utilized.