Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Machine learning methods: Modeling net growth in the Atlantic Forest 
of Brazil

Next, three essential parameters were configured in the RF training: 
the number of random regression trees (ntree, tested 20 to 100 trees); 
the number of division variables (mtry, used to determine the number of 
variables available to each node of the tree, with the default number of 
1/3 of the independent variables); and the minimum size of nodes (node 
size, value = 5).

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Forest dynamics 
Net growth 
Tropical forest 
Brazil

The objective of this study was to develop machine learning models 
capable of estimating the net growth in Atlantic Forest fragments based 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025643S.J.S.S. Rocha et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

on forest attributes, land use history, landscape, soil and climatic char-
acteristics. The questions we sought to answer were: (i) What are the 
most important variables to estimate net growth in these forests? (ii) Are 
the evaluated machine learning methods efficient for estimating the net 
growth at plot-level? and (iii) What is the best method to estimate the 
net growth at plot-level? 

2. Material and methods 

2.1. Study sites and plot characteristics

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that the article focuses on developing machine learning models using Random Forests (RF) to estimate net growth in Atlantic Forest fragments in Brazil. However, there is no mention of any deep learning models being deployed or trained in the provided context. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful answer regarding the deployment process of a trained deep learning model from the given information.