Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Although to a lesser extent compared to dedicated surveys, the data
included in SDM modelling also comes from large databases or citizen
science social media records. These data are typically collected in an
unstandardised manner. However, in contrast to data from dedicated

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10270010E. Pasanisi et al.

Among the EGVs, seawater temperature and bathymetry were the
most commonly used, featuring in 271 (92%) and 260 (88%) of the
reviewed articles, respectively. Notably, temperature measurements
were primarily related to surface temperatures, with only a few articles

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027006E. Pasanisi et al.

Fig. 6. Number of published articles (count) categorised by visual, acoustic and total data for the data source (A), methods used for visual dedicated surveys (B), the
sampling design employed in dedicated surveys, whether along predeterminated routes or not, and whether following an equal coverage design (EQ coverage) or not
(C), and the type of acoustic devices used in case of dedicated acoustic surveys (D).

Science and SCOPUS), curating specific search terms and synonyms and
used Boolean operators and wildcards (asterisks) to account for word
variants and plural forms. Additional information on search strategy are
provided in the Appendix A along with Table S1 showing all the terms
included in the final search. The literature search was conducted in
January 2023 and considered all studies currently available in the two
databases until 31 December 2022. We did not add any language filters/
restrictions to the search strategy developed so that scientific literature
with an abstract in English but a full text in other languages was
potentially included in the search. Except for conference proceedings,
we did not include grey literature (technical reports, dissertations)
because we wanted to limit our search to the most relevant and
advanced scientific applications on the topic, given the extensive liter-
ature already available.

2.3. Screening process

transect methods (n = 4), as presented in Fig. 6B. The in-situ dedicated
surveys were mostly conducted along predetermined routes (n = 95),
often following an equal coverage probability design i.e., each point in
the study area has the same probability of being sampled (n = 63), as
shown in Fig. 6C. In addition to dedicated surveys, occurrence data also
originate from opportunistic in-situ surveys (n = 52), conducted mainly
as part of other research activities aimed at different scientific scopes (n

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What methods are utilized for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., surveys, sensors, public datasets)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The data collection methods mentioned in the provided context include both dedicated surveys and large databases or citizen science social media records. Dedicated surveys can be further classified into visual and acoustic surveys. Visual surveys often use transect methods, while acoustic surveys employ various types of acoustic devices. Additionally, some data is gathered through opportunistic in-situ surveys, which are usually carried out during other research activities focused on different scientific objectives. It should be noted that these data sources may vary in their standardization levels; for instance, data from dedicated surveys tend to be more standardized than those from unstructured sources like large databases or citizen science records.