Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.2. Empirical data 

2.2.1. Study area

We then use data augmentation to estimate σARU by adding a number 
of known ‘non-detections’ with distance of NA to our dataset of detected 
or simulated calls, increasing our total number of observations M to 300 
per ARU. We used a data augmentation variable zi,j for each observation 
to indicate whether it was a true call or not, so that the total realized 
M
number of calls including false positive CNN detections (NFPi =
j=1zi,j) 
can be modelled in relation to our data augmentation parameter ψ, pi,j 
and the binary detection outcomes of each call (yi,j)(eq. 10–12). 

∑

zi,j ∼ Bernoulli(ψ)

mui,j = zi,j*pi,j

(cid:0)
yi,j ∼ Bernoulli

mui,j

)

(10)  

(11)  

(12)

Kahl, S., Clapp, M., Hopping, W., Go¨eau, H., Glotin, H., Planqu´e, R., Vellinga, W.-P., 
Joly, A., 2020. Overview of BirdCLEF 2020: bird sound recognition in complex 
acoustic environments. Presented at the CLEF 2020 - 11th International Conference 
of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum for European Languages. 

Kahl, S., Wood, C.M., Eibl, M., Klinck, H., 2021. BirdNET: a deep learning solution for 

avian diversity monitoring. Ecol. Inform. 61, 101236. 

Katzner, T.E., Ivy, J.A.R., Bragin, E.A., Milner-Gulland, E.J., DeWoody, J.A., 2011. 
Conservation implications of inaccurate estimation of cryptic population size. 
Animal Cons. 14, 328–332. 

Kery, M., Royle, J.A., 2015. Applied Hierarchical Modeling in Ecology: Analysis of 
Distribution, Abundance and Species Richness in R and BUGS. Academic Press, 
London, UK, pp. 408–409. 

K´ery, M., Royle, J.A., 2015. Applied Hierarchical Modeling in Ecology: Analysis of

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide explicit information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in deep learning pipelines for audio analysis, we can infer some possible methods.

For audio data, labeling typically involves identifying the start and end times of sounds of interest within the audio files. This could be considered analogous to bounding box annotation in image data, where regions of interest are identified and labeled.

In the case of bird sound recognition mentioned in the context, the labels might correspond to different bird species. The process of assigning these labels to segments of audio data could be done manually, semi-automatically, or automatically depending on the resources available and the desired level of accuracy.

Data augmentation is also mentioned in the context, which is a technique often used in deep learning to increase the amount of training data. This can involve creating new examples from existing ones through transformations such as shifting time, changing pitch, or adding background noise. These transformed versions can then be treated as additional examples during training.

However, without more specific details about the deep learning pipeline used in this study, we cannot definitively state what data annotation techniques were employed.