Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(TP)
negatives False Positive
(FP)

False Negative
(FN)
True Negative
(TN)

All experiments of our developed mobile-based crop pest
recognition system were done using the Tensorﬂow object
detection API framework [36] on a GPU of NVIDIA
GAMINGX GTX 1080 8 GB and DDR4-16 GB memory.
Before starting the training-step of the deep learning module,
the NVIDIA CUDA Deep Neural Network library (cuDNN)
was installed to accelerate the GPU computations for deep

4428

M.E. Karar et al.

Fig. 4 A sample of classiﬁcation results and accuracy of the developed mobile application for all tested crop pests.

neural networks. A smartphone with iOS V13.5 was used to
test the detection and classiﬁcation of crop pest images in
the cloud.

In this study, total number of images for ﬁve classes of
insect pests (see Fig. 1) are 500 collected from the public
IP102 dataset [17]. These images are split into 80–20% for

IoU ¼

A \ B
A [ B

ð2Þ

Next, the Region of Interest (RoI) pooling layer takes the
region corresponding to a proposal from the backbone feature
map and dividing it into sub-windows. The maximum pooling
is performed over these sub-windows to give the output of RoI
pooling layer, which has a size of (N, 7, 7, 512), and N is the
number of generated region proposals by the RPN mechanism,
as shown in Fig. 2. After passing through two fully connected
layers (FCs), the features are fed into the classiﬁer and regres-
sor branches as follow. The classiﬁcation layer calculates the
probability of the region proposal contains an object such that
the probability Pi of each element in the feature map i contains
the target object using softmax function. The regions with the
top score of 300 Pi in the total rankings present the detected
target object. In addition, the regressor provides the IoU index

A new mobile application of agricultural pests recognition

4427

Fig. 3

performance utilization of
the RPN module with the
bounding box regression, as depicted in Fig. 2. Moreover,
the computational time of this deep learning approach is not
a problem in this study, because the detection and classiﬁca-
tion procedures of agricultural insect pests can be executed
in a few seconds in the cloud computing system, saving all
required hardware resources.

Alexandria Engineering Journal (2021) 60, 4423–4432

H O S T E D   BY

Alexandria University

Alexandria Engineering Journal

www.elsevier.com/locate/aej
www.sciencedirect.com

A new mobile application of agricultural pests
recognition using deep learning in cloud computing
system

Mohamed Esmail Karar a,b,*, Fahad Alsunaydi a, Sultan Albusaymi a, Sultan Alotaibi a

a College of Computing and Information Technology Shaqra University, Shaqra, Saudi Arabia
b Department of Industrial Electronics and Control Engineering, Faculty of Electronic Engineering, Menouﬁa University,
Minuf, Egypt

Received 23 September 2020; revised 6 January 2021; accepted 9 March 2021
Available online 31 March 2021

KEYWORDS

Smart agriculture;
Crop pest;
Cloud computing;
Deep learning;
Faster R-CNN

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The experiment uses a GPU of NVIDIA Gaming X GTX 1080 8GB and DDR4-16GB memory for training the deep learning model. Additionally, before starting the training step, the NVIDIA CUDA Deep Neural Network library (cuDNN) was installed to accelerate the GPU computations for deep neural networks.