Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

As commonly done in deep learning, we iteratively learn the model
parameters with stochastic gradient descend, starting from a random
initialization. In each iteration, we randomly sample a batch of 𝐵 = 64
reference data patches of size 15 × 15 pixels, where a patch is only
considered for training if the center pixel is forested. We consider a
pixel forested if and only if it contains vegetation points (points with
𝐷𝑧 > 1.3 m, see Section 3.1) and also is considered forested based on
NIBIO’s Norway-wide timber volume map (Astrup et al., 2019). We use
the latter as an additional precautionary measure to avoid unnecessary
noise from non-forested areas, as we are interested in learning forest
characteristics only. For every reference data patch, we randomly pick
an optical image from the correct year and two SAR images (one as-
cending and one descending orbit) with acquisition dates near the one
of the optical image. Using SAR with both ascending and descending

Knox, R.G., Peet, R.K., Christensen, N.L., 1989. Population dynamics in Loblolly Pine
stands: Changes in skewness and size inequality. Ecology 70 (4), 1153–1167.
Krizhevsky, A., Sutskever, I., Hinton, G.E., 2012. ImageNet classification with deep
convolutional neural networks. In: Advances in Neural Information Processing
Systems, Vol. 25.

Kuwata, K., Shibasaki, R., 2015. Estimating crop yields with deep learning and
remotely sensed data. In: 2015 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing
Symposium (IGARSS). pp. 858–861.

Lakshminarayanan, B., Pritzel, A., Blundell, C., 2017. Simple and scalable predictive
uncertainty estimation using deep ensembles. In: Advances in Neural Information
Processing Systems, Vol. 30.

Lanaras, C., Bioucas-Dias, J., Galliani, S., Baltsavias, E., Schindler, K., 2018. Super-
resolution of Sentinel-2 images: Learning a globally applicable deep neural network.
ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 146, 305–319.

Welling and Teh, 2011; Chen et al., 2014). In this work, we use a
deep ensemble (Lakshminarayanan et al., 2017), a method specifically
developed for deep neural networks that can be understood to perform
approximate Bayesian inference (Gustafsson et al., 2020). The general
idea is to train an ensemble of 𝑀 independent models on the same
data, each initialized with a different set of random weights. The
randomness inherent in the weight initialization, as well as random
sampling of training batches, causes each model to converge to a
different local minimum in the solution space, and the resulting weights
can be interpreted as samples from an approximate posterior distribu-
tion (Gustafsson et al., 2020; Wilson and Izmailov, 2020). In practice,
among all methods performing approximate Bayesian inference in deep
learning, ensembles are generally reported to achieve the best results
in terms of predictive performance and reliability of the produced

Chen, T., Fox, E., Guestrin, C., 2014. Stochastic gradient Hamiltonian Monte Carlo. In:
Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on Machine Learning, Vol. 32.
pp. 1683–1691.

Chen, L.-C., Papandreou, G., Kokkinos, I., Murphy, K., Yuille, A.L., 2016. DeepLab:
Semantic image segmentation with deep convolutional nets, atrous convolution,
and fully connected CRFs. CoRR, abs/1606.00915.

Coops, N.C., Tompaski, P., Nijland, W., Rickbeil, G.J., Nielsen, S.E., Bater, C.W.,
Stadt, J.J., 2016. A forest structure habitat index based on airborne laser scanning
data. Ecol. Indic. 67, 346–357.

Council, N.R., 2006. Completing the Forecast: Characterizing and Communicating
Uncertainty for Better Decisions using Weather and Climate Forecasts. The National
Academies Press, Washington, DC.

de Lutio, R., D’Aronco, S., Wegner, J.D., Schindler, K., 2019. Guided super-resolution as
pixel-to-pixel transformation. In: IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer
Vision (ICCV). pp. 8828–8836.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions several strategies to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline. One such strategy is the use of a deep ensemble, which involves training multiple independent models on the same data but with different initial sets of random weights. This approach leverages the randomness inherent in weight initialization and sampling of training batches to cause each model to converge to a different local minimum in the solution space. As a result, the final weights can be interpreted as samples from an approximate posterior distribution. Additionally, the text suggests that among various methods performing approximate Bayesian inference in deep learning, ensembles have been shown to yield superior results in terms of predictive performance and reliability of the generated outputs. Another strategy mentioned is the use of stochastic gradient descent for iterative learning of model parameters, which introduces some level of randomness due to its reliance on randomly sampled mini-batches of data during optimization. However, the specific impact of these strategies on handling randomness related to the choice of random seed values is not explicitly discussed in the given context.