Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Zhang and Benveniste, 1992), Bayesian learning machine (Xu, 1997),
and so on. Researchers have extended the application and improve the
algorithms based on classical neural network models afterwards. Since
2006 deep learning started to boom in academia and industry. The deep
learning algorithm broke the limitation of the traditional neural net-
work on the number of layers. According to demands of designers, the
number of network layers was chosen and trained by large-scale data to
obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features which is
beyond imagination before (Hinton and Salakhutdinov, 2006).

work (Leng et al., 2017; Pouteau et al., 2011; Quej et al., 2017; Vapnik,
1995). Therefore, in this paper, the comparison between the BPNN
model which is widely used in the neural network and the SVM model
which can make up for the shortage of the neural network is conducted
to seek a more suitable prediction model for the EF by taking the ad-
vantages of both.

Pouteau, R., Meyer, J.Y., Stoll, B., 2011. A svm-based model for predicting distribution of
the invasive tree miconia calvescens, in tropical rainforests. Ecol. Model. 222 (15),
2631–2641.

Qaderi, F., Babanejad, E., 2017. Prediction of the groundwater remediation costs for

drinking use based on quality of water resource, using artiﬁcial neural network. J.
Clean. Prod. 161, 840–849.

Quej, V.H., Almorox, J., Arnaldo, J.A., Saito, L., 2017. Anﬁs, svm and ann soft-computing
techniques to estimate daily global solar radiation in a warm sub-humid environ-
ment. J. Atmos. Sol. Terr. Phys. 155, 62–70.

Ratzmann, M., Gudergan, S.P., Bouncken, R., 2016. Capturing heterogeneity and pls-sem

WWF, 2008. Living Planet Report 2006. Worldwide Fund for Nature International. Gland,

Switzerland.

WWF, 2016. Living Planet Report 2016. Worldwide Fund for Nature International. Gland,

Switzerland.

Xu, L., 1997. Bayesian Ying-Yang machine, clustering and number of clusters. Pattern

BPNN is one of the most well-developed and widely used ANN
models (Partovi and Anandarajan, 2002; Zhang and Wu, 2008). Im-
pressive results have been achieved in the areas of carbon emissions
(Sun and Xu, 2016; Taghavifar and Mardani, 2015) and water issues
(Qaderi and Babanejad, 2017). However, the BPNN has a slow con-
vergence rate and tends to reach a local minimum, so the selection of
the number of hidden nodes in the network is uncertain (Byvatov et al.,
2003). When the classical support vector machine (SVM) was proposed
in the 1990s, it received extensive attention due to its complete theo-
retical framework and the encouraging results of its application in the
area of machine learning. Recently, SVM has been primarily used for
regression analysis because it requires relatively smaller sample sizes
across some time spans and is capable of overcoming the inevitable
local extremum issues caused by overﬁtting in an artiﬁcial neural net-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the type of deep learning model used in the pipeline. It only mentions that since 2006, deep learning algorithms have gained popularity in academia and industry, breaking the limitations of traditional neural networks regarding the number of layers. These deep learning algorithms are trained with large-scale data to obtain deeply hidden characteristics and features beyond imagination before. However, no explicit mention of any particular deep learning model like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers is made in the provided context.