Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013843G. Coro et al.

Open  Science  oriented  e-Infrastructure  (D4Science,  Assante  et  al. 
(2019b)) to facilitate access to vast collections of stock and biodiversity 
information. In particular, this e-Infrastructure optimises access to data 
sources that enrich vessel tracking data, and that meet the principles of 
Findability, Accessibility, Interoperability, and Reusability (FAIR data). 
In the presented methodology, the integrated FAIR data include (i) 
environmental  data  from  the  Copernicus  marine  environment  moni-
toring  service  (CMEMS,  Von  Schuckmann  et  al.  (2016)),  (ii)  species 
occurrence records retrieved from the Ocean Biodiversity Information 
System (OBIS, Grassle (2000)), (iii) species’ risk level from the Red List 
of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN, 2001), (iv) 
taxonomic  data  accessed  from  the  Aquatic  Sciences  and  Fisheries  In-
formation System of FAO (ASFIS, Garibaldi et al. (2002)), and (v) global

numbers of threatened species underwent a much lower fishing activity 
in 2020 (from 1000 to 3000 h, i.e., 40–70% less).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.