Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

to learn features of various sizes, leading to potential matching errors 
when the scale of the target changes. To address these shortcomings, it is 
imperative  to  introduce  a  multiscale  feature-extraction  network 
(MSNet).

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025568G. Zhang et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

map and reduces the matching accuracy. 

To strike a balance between the strengths and weaknesses of shallow 
and deep networks, MSF fusion techniques were employed for feature- 
extraction  from  Procapra  przewalskii  in  the  target  detection  frames. 
Currently,  common  MSF  fusion  methods  include  the  FPN  (Lin  et  al., 
2017) and BiFPN (Tan et al., 2020), which rely on fusing features with 
varying resolutions within a layer structure. Although they enhance the 
network’s  capability  for  MSF  extraction,  they  introduce  additional 
complexity to the network structure.

The conventional residual structure is shown in Fig. 7(a) involves an 
initial dimension reduction through a 1 × 1 convolutional kernel, fol-
lowed by feature-extraction using a 3 × 3 convolutional kernel. Subse-
quently,  the  dimensionality  was  increased  by  another  1  × 1 
convolutional  kernel,  and  the  results  were  combined  with  shortcut 
branches.  Although this traditional residual structure effectively miti-
gates  the  degradation  associated  with  an  increase  in  the  number  of 
network  layers,  it  falls  short  in  terms  of  deep  exploration  and  MSF 
integration.  By  contrast,  the  residual  structure  within  the  Res2Net 
framework  was  combined  with  group  convolution,  as  illustrated  in 
Figure  Fig.  7(b)  follows  a  different  approach.  It  begins  with  initial 
downscaling  through  a  1  × 1  convolution  kernel.  The  downsampled 
feature  maps  were  then  organized  into  different  channel  dimensions,

actions in wildlife videos using deep learning techniques. Eco. Inform. 61, 101215. 

Schindler, F., Steinhage, V., 2022. Instance segmentation and tracking of animals in 
wildlife videos: SWIFT-segmentation with filtering of tracklets. Eco. Inform. 71, 
101794. 

Kellenberger, B., Marcos, D., Tuia, D., 2018. Detecting mammals in UAV images: best 

Schroff, F., Kalenichenko, D., Philbin, J., 2015. Facenet: a unified embedding for face 

practices to address a substantially imbalanced dataset with deep learning. Remote 
Sens. Environ. 216, 139–153. 

recognition and clustering. In: Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer 
Vision and Pattern Recognition, pp. 815–823. 

Khan, W., Raj, K., Kumar, T., Roy, A.M., Luo, B., 2022. Introducing urdu digits dataset 
with demonstration of an efficient and robust noisy decoder-based pseudo example 
generator. Symmetry 14 (10), 1976. 

Klasen, M., Steinhage, V., 2022a. Improving wildlife tracking using 3D information. Eco.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no mention or reference to any specific code repository links related to the deep learning pipeline discussed in the text. Therefore, without further information, it is not possible to provide the requested code repository link.