Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.8. Technical implementation

The IFDS prototype runs on an Ubuntu server and is based on the
Python web framework “Django”, which allows an easy management of
large amounts of data. The frontend of the Web-GIS application is based
on HTML, CSS and JavaScript. JavaScript with its libraries jQuery and
Leaflet are used for the client-side functions of the website. The first is a
library for the efficient processing of the so-called “document-object
model”, i.e. the structure of the webpage, while the latter is used to
display the map. Currently, the prototype is available on a password-
protected server under https://www.waldbrand.at
(“forestfire.at”)
(Fig. 2).

for the FWI and FFMC data layers with a spatial resolution of 1 × 1 km.
The nine-cell approach, the results of which are shown in this paper, led
to slightly better prediction results of the variants, likely because it
smoothed existing data inaccuracies within single grid cells.

centers) in the development of the system is an essential task for out-
reach, dissemination and operationalization of the system. In this
context, we will ask a selected group of experts for feedback on the
performance, usability and reliability of the system in spring 2020. A
future use of the IFDS could also be the integration into a decision
support system, similar to the approach of Kalabokidis et al. (2013).

2.5. Vegetation

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no information about the specific deep learning frameworks used to build the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query.