Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(IDRIS). A full description of the model architecture, dataset spatial split 
and training procedure can be found in supplementary information (SI) 
Box A. Finally, the settings of our species assemblage model are sum-
marised in the Fig. 1.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

2.1.2. Predictive features 

A large environmental context around each observation is collected 
and provided to the model: 64 × 64 2D tensors sampled at the kilometre- 
scale  resolution  and  centred  on  the  observation.  Predictors  include 
WorldClim2  bioclimatic  variables,  Soilgrids  pedological  variables, 
human  footprint  rasters,  terrestrial  ecoregions  of  the  world  and  the 
observation location (longitude and latitude), see SI Box E for details. 
Examples of input are shown in Fig. S5 and the full list of predictors is 
given in Table S2. 

2.2. Species assemblage model 

2.2.1. Definition

2.2.1. Definition 

The objective is to optimise a model returning likely species assem-
blages worldwide while being learned on a set of presence-only obser-
vations. To do so, we optimise a deep species distribution model (Botella 
et  al.,  2018b)  and  further  calibrate  it  to  return  species  assemblages 
including the initial species observed with very high confidence. This 
method is derived from what is called set-valued prediction (or set-valued 
classification) in the machine learning community (Chzhen et al., 2021; 
Mortier et al., 2021). The model is trained on presence-only data, all 
species combined (multi-species SDM), and is then used to predict a set 
of  labels  by  thresholding  the  SDM  output  categorical  probabilities 
associated to species.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: Unfortunately, there isn't enough context provided to fully understand how the trained deep learning model was deployed. However, based on the given information, we can infer that the model was trained using a deep learning framework, possibly TensorFlow or PyTorch, since these are commonly used for such tasks. The model was trained on a set of presence-only observations, using a variety of environmental predictors including WorldClim2 bioclimatic variables, Soilgrids pedological variables, human footprint rasters, terrestrial ecoregions of the world, and the observation location (longitude and latitude). After training, the model was used to predict a set of labels by thresholding the SDM output categorical probabilities associated with species. However, the specific steps taken to deploy the trained model, such as model serialization or platform selection, are not mentioned in the provided context.