Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3857  -  WGS  84  (Map  data  ©2015  Google)  from  QuickMapServices 
plugin in QGIS.

modelling frameworks and combined with other types of data, thus, has 
the  potential  to  support  intergovernmental  policy  initiatives  such  as 
REDD, UNFCC and Kyoto Protocol in which India is involved in Clean 
Development  mechanism  (CDM)  by  giving  information  for  climate 
adaptation  and  mitigation,  sustainable  land  use  and  conservation  of 
biodiversity.

Congedo, L., 2021. Semi-automatic classification plugin: A Python tool for the download 
and processing of remote sensing images in QGIS. J. Open Source Softw. 6 (64), 
3172. 

Couteron, P., Barbier, N., Proisy, C., P´elissier, R., Vincent, G., 2012. Linking remote- 
sensing information to tropical forest structure: the crucial role of modelling. 
Earthzine 4, 1–4. 

Dadhwal, V.K., Singh, S., Patil, P., 2009. Assessment of phytomass carbon pools in forest 

ecosystems in India. NNRMS Bull. 41. 

Daryaei, A., Sohrabi, H., Atzberger, C., Immitzer, M., 2020. Fine-scale detection of 

vegetation in semi-arid mountainous areas with focus on riparian landscapes using 
Sentinel-2 and UAV data. Comput. Electron. Agric. 177, 105686.

The GEDI instrument comprises of 3 lasers that emits pulses along 8 
parallel tracks and each pulse or footprint is separated by 60 m along 
track and 600 m across track with a footprint diameter of 25 m. The 
main data used includes AGBD at the scale of individual footprints (GEDI 
L4A) and the 1 km × 1 km (1 km, hereafter) gridded GEDI L4B AGBD, 
both from ORNL DAAC, and Relative Height (RH_99 of L2 A GEDI) from 
the  Land  Processes  Distributed  Active  Archive  Center  (LP  DAAC).  In 
GEDI,  a  sophisticated  post-processing  algorithm  is  available  to  the 
received waveforms from the GEDI instrument to detect weaker wave-
form signals. The “algorithm setting group” is defined as the specific set 
of parameters used in an algorithm run which includes six (i.e., 1, 2, 3, 4, 
5, 6, and 10) defined groups (A value of 10 indicates algorithm setting 
group 5 has been used, but that the lowest detected mode is likely a noise

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't enough information to provide a direct link to the deep learning pipeline's data repository. However, it can be inferred that some of the data used in this research might have been obtained from sources like the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) Distributed Active Archive Center (DAAC) and the Land Processes Distributed Active Archive Center (LP DAAC). These centers are part of NASA's Earth Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS), providing various datasets related to earth science.

For instance, the main data used in the study includes Aboveground Biomass Density (AGBD) at the scale of individual footprints (GEDI L4A) and the 1 km x 1 km gridded GEDI L4B AGBD, both from ORNL DAAC, and Relative Height (RH_99 of L2 A GEDI) from LP DAAC.

However, without more specific details about the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the query, I cannot provide a precise link to its data repository. It would be helpful if additional context were provided regarding the specific deep learning pipeline being referred to.