Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259810 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M.S. Sarkar et al.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10259812M.S. Sarkar et al.

To  address  spatial  sampling  biases  and  spatial  autocorrelation  chal-
lenges in the analysis, we employed a bootstrapping approach using the 
spThin package in R (Aiello-Lammens et al., 2019). To achieve a 1 km 
spatial resolution for the modeling exercise, we conducted 50 iterations 
of  bootstrapping  using  a  minimum  thinning  distance  of  1  km.  This 
process  resulted  in  obtaining  12,577  unique  locations.  This  approach 
effectively minimized  the removal of records while significantly miti-
gating sampling bias (Aiello-Lammens et al., 2015; Radosavljevic and 
Anderson,  2014).  Spatially-constrained  and  combined  methods  for 
generating  background  points  show  greater  efficacy  in  modeling  out-
comes  despite  ongoing  debates  regarding  the  optimal  method  for 
generating them (Shipley et al., 2022). For this modeling exercise, we 
used Arc Map 10.3 (ESRI, Redlands, CA), employing a combined method

Funding 

This work was supported by the Department of Science and Tech-
nology (NMSHE) under Grant No: DST/CCP/TF-3/Phase-2/GBPNIHE/ 
2021. 

Declaration of generative AI in scientific writing 

During the preparation of this work, the authors used ChatGPT 3.5 
(https://chat.openai.com)  partially  in  order  to  improve  the  English 
language of  the manuscript. After using this tool/service, the authors 
reviewed and edited the content as needed and take full responsibility 
for the publication’s content. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The information provided does not specify which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer based on the given context.