Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.4. Model training and evaluation 

3.4.1. Model training 

We  used  YOLOv5s,  the  smallest  weight  of  YOLOv5,  to  build  the 
sound identification model. The model was trained for 100 epochs with 
32 batch size and the input image dimension 640 × 640. We used default 
data  augmentation  including  scaling,  color  space  adjustments,  and 
Mosaic  augmentation  during  the  training  process.  Under  this  setting, 
four  original  spectrograms  were  randomly  selected,  resized,  cropped, 
color jittered (i.e., changes in hue, saturation and exposure) and then 
merged into one big input image for model training. The model training 
was performed using a workstation equipped with the following speci-
fications: Intel Xeon E5–2660 V4 CPU * 2, DDR4 2400 ECC 16GB RAM * 
8, NVIDIA Titan RTX GPU * 2, and WD black AN1500 4 TB NVMePCIe 
SSD * 2. 

3.4.2. Model inference and test datasets

whole image. Thus, it may minimize the dilution effect and reduce the 
required amount of training data.

The mixed audio clips are then converted into spectrograms as input 
images for model training. The clips are transformed by applying the 
short-time Fourier transform (STFT) with a window size of 1600 sam-
ples,  hop  size  of  400  samples  (75%  overlap),  and  240  mel-scale  fre-
quency bins.  Each spectrogram thus  has a height  of 438 pixels  and a 
width of 436 pixels (Appendix S1: Fig. S4a).

Compared with previous CNN-based approaches, the mAP of 0.83 in 
our case study is inconspicuous (Appendix S2: Table S4). However, not 
only the model itself but also the test dataset used can affect the values of 
model performance metrics. Because the SILIC aims to facilitate auto-
mated information extraction from the recordings of PAM projects, our 
test dataset was obtained from soundscape recordings, which are usually 
much noisier than focal recordings. In comparison with focal recordings, 

EcologicalInformatics68(2022)1015346S.-H. Wu et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to provide a detailed explanation about how the trained deep learning model was deployed. The text only discusses the specifications of the workstation used for training the model, such as its CPUs, GPUs, memory, and storage. It does not mention any details regarding the deployment process, like model serialization or platform selection. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response based on the given context.