Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

σ(x) =

1
1 + e−x

(1)

Input Data

In this paper, the input data are 40-dimensional data. Due to the large time span and large land
area in the training data, there are large diﬀerences in the distribution between diﬀerent batches of
training data in the training stage, and there is a certain distribution diﬀerence between the training set
and the test set. Therefore, batch normalization is performed on the input data, where the speciﬁc
calculation/transformation of BatchNorm (Algorithm 1) is shown below. First, the mean of each
channel in the current batch is calculated, and then, the variance of each channel in the current batch is
calculated. The mean is subtracted from the input, and the result is divided by the standard deviation
to obtain the normalized output ˆχ
i is multiplied by the scale parameter γ, and the shift
parameter β is added to obtain the ﬁnal output yi:

i; then, ˆχ

i; then, ˆχ

Algorithm 1. Batch normalizing transform applied to the activation x over a mini-batch.
Input: Values of x over a mini-batch: β = {x1...m};
Parameters to be learned: γ, β
Output: {yi
m(cid:80)
µβ ← 1
m
i=1
m(cid:80)
← 1
σ2
m
β
i=1
← xi−µβ
(cid:113)
β+(cid:15)
σ2

= BNγB(xi)}
xi

//mini-batch variance

//mini-batch mean

//normalize

− µβ)2

(xi

ˆχ

i

yiC − γ ˆxi + β ≡ BNγB(xi)

//scale and shift

Network Structure

mask. (3) Training set: grid with neighborhood features of six years (1986, 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2013). The features include the LU type, soil, topography, elevation, slope, aspect, distance to settlements, distance to roads, distance to rivers in this grid unit, and the 4 neighborhood grid units. (4) Constraint Factors: The statistical data and the quantity simulated by the backtracking of the Markov model are combined, and the numbers of different LU types in 2000 after modification by the simulation numbers are as follows (Table 1): 2.4.2. Deep Learning Module Probability maps (Figure 9): Water and settlements are constraint factors and can be determined by manual interpretation, and thus, no simulation is needed.  Figure 9. Probability maps. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

as the loss function, and the Adam optimization algorithm is used to update the weights of the neural network. Because there are different numbers of samples of the five types of LU suitability samples in the training data, with a ratio of 7:14:1:5:7, there is an imbalance in the categorical data. In the training process, a relatively large weight is generated for the categories that have fewer samples, and a small weight is generated for the categories that have more samples, which solves the problem of the performance of the model being poor for the categories that have small sample sizes.   Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 3314

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about any specific data augmentation techniques such as flipping, rotation, or scaling applied in the deep learning pipeline. It only mentions that batch normalization is performed on the input data but does not specify any other data augmentation methods. Therefore, based on the provided context, it cannot be determined what data augmentation techniques were applied in the deep learning pipeline.