Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 5. Overview of the data platform.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027137(a)(b)(c)C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 1 
Summary of data sources.  

Source 

Monitoring network 
Satellite images 
Weather 
Environment 

Provider 

CASE 
ESA 
ARPAE 
CER 

Frequency 

Weekly 
2–3 days 
Daily 
Yearly 

Granularity 

Monitoring task 
100 km2 granule 
25 km2 cell 
Environmental element 

Yearly size 

5.2 MB 
370 GB 
6.5 GB 
4.3 GB  

The validated data is then loaded to the Access tier through an in-
cremental  ETL (extract, transform, and load) procedure acquiring the 
validated data from the Harbor tier. 

3.2.4. Analytical fruition

3.2.1. Data sources 

A  summary  of  the  many  data  sources  is  shown  in  Table  1,  which 
reports the frequency of updates and space occupation for each source. 
The monitoring network (managed by CASE, introduced in Section 
3.1.2) is the main source, providing the number of H. halys captures on a 
weekly basis. For each deployed trap, we collected the coordinates of 
deployment and a list of environmental elements visually identified in 
the surroundings by the technician that deployed the trap (e.g., tree fruit 
crops, herbaceous crops, buildings). Then, for each deployed trap and 
week within the monitoring session, we collected the number of H. halys 
captured (divided into small instars, large instars, and adults), together 
with an indication of the correct functioning of the trap.

In the following, we disclose all the details of the main data platform 
components, starting with the presentation of all data sources (Section 
3.2.1)  and  continuing  with  the  integration  and  enrichment  processes 
(Section 3.2.2), the validation and loading processes (Section 3.2.3), and 
concluding with the analytical fruition (Section 3.2.4). 

3.2.1. Data sources

The results of these integration and enrichment activities are mate-
rialized in the Harbor tier of the data platform, which provides an in-
tegrated and comprehensive view of the available data at the finest level 
of detail. The relational schema of the integrated data is discussed in 
Appendix A.2. 

3.2.3. Validation and loading of enriched H. halys captures

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no mention or reference to where the code repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this specific query.