Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source software platform (Abadi et al. 2016) 
that supports deep learning research and applications, having been 
released  by  researchers  at  Google  (Google  Brain  Team;  https://re-
search.google.com/teams/brain/).  We  adapted  and  configured 
TensorFlow  for  application  and  use  in  our  project  via  Python. We 
adjusted  two  parameters  from  their  default  values:  validation  per-
centage and number of training steps. Although the default setting 
for validation percentage was 10%, given small numbers of images 
available for some species, we had to increase this number to 16%. 
For number of training steps, although the default value was 4000 
steps,  we  explored  different  numbers  and  compared  the  results  to 
find  the  optimum  balance  between  computing  time  and  classifica-
tion efficiency.

Key words: Chagas disease, TensorFlow, deep learning, Triatominae, automated species identification

deep learning? Cell Syst. 2: 12–14.

Ramsey, J. M., M. Elizondo-Cano, G. Sanchez-González, A. Peña-Nieves, and 
A. Figueroa-Lara. 2014. Opportunity cost for early treatment of Chagas 
disease in Mexico. Plos Negl. Trop. Dis. 8: e2776.

Ramsey,  J.  M.,  A.  T.  Peterson,  O.  Carmona-Castro,  D.  A.  Moo-Llanes,  Y. 
Nakazawa, M. Butrick, E. Tun-Ku, K. d. la Cruz-Félix, and C. N. Ibarra-
Cerdeña.  2015.  Atlas  of  Mexican  Triatominae  (Reduviidae:  Hemiptera) 
and  vector  transmission  of  Chagas  disease.  Mem.  Inst.  Oswaldo  Cruz. 
110: 339–352.

Schmidhuber, J. 2015. Deep learning in neural networks: an overview. Neural 

Netw. 61: 85–117.

Schofield, C. J., J. Jannin, and R. Salvatella. 2006. The future of Chagas disease 

control. Trends Parasitol. 22: 583–588.

Coura, J. R., and P. A. Viñas. 2010. Chagas disease: a new worldwide chal-

Sinkins, S. P., and F. Gould. 2006. Gene drive systems for insect disease vectors. 

lenge. Nature. 465: S6–S7.

l

u
s
e
r
o
n
0
8
S
e
p
e
m
b
e
r
2
0
2
4

t

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
high  capability  of  DNNs  has  resulted  in  widespread  use  of  these 
techniques in other such inference challenges (Schmidhuber 2015). 
DNNs have outperformed traditional methods (e.g., linear discrim-
inant  analyses)  in  various  classification  tasks  (Schmidhuber  2015). 
Here, we used TensorFlow (Abadi et al. 2016), an open-source soft-
ware  platform,  representing  the  most  recent  addition  to  the  deep 
learning  toolbox  (Rampasek  and  Goldenberg  2016;  Google  Brain 
Team;  https://research.google.com/teams/brain/),  to  explore  the 
challenge of automated Chagas disease vector identification.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability or location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the context is not explicitly stated. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the data repository is located based on the provided context alone.