Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

5.1. Comparison of SLSTM and SGRU models 

Deep learning methods have accelerated the development of artifi-
cial intelligence and demonstrated potential in various domains (Chen 
et al., 2021). Deep learning architectures simulate neurons in the brain, 
and their ability to learn from complex data renders them the preferred 
choice for time-series prediction (Choi et al., 2021). RNNs are neural 
networks that use backpropagation techniques and short-term memory 
to  enhance  their  time-series  prediction  performance  (Kavitha  et  al., 
2023).

4.3. Analysis of forecasting results 

In this study, an SGRU-based deep learning approach was adopted to 
develop  a  model  for  accurately  predicting  (over  36  months)  the

3.4. Deep learning 

3.4.1. SLSTM method 

An LSTM network is a recurrent neural network (RNN) that can learn 
long-term dependencies in sequential data, and an SLSTM model is an 
extension of an LSTM model that can forecast seasonal time-series data 
(Ma  et  al.,  2015),(Graves  and  Graves,  2012).  Compared  with  LSTM 
models, SLSTM models include an additional input layer for processing 
seasonal time series, which is fed through a seasonal convolutional layer 
to  extract  relevant  seasonal  features.  An  SLSTM  unit  involves  the 
following steps:  

(1)  Seasonal decomposition is performed using Eq. (7), in which sx t 
represents the data after seasonal decomposition, χt  denotes the 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1024774C.-H. Yang et al.

concentration of atmospheric CO. This model was compared with four 
statistical  models  (ARIMA,  SARIMA,  ETS,  and  HWETS),  one  machine 
learning model (SVR), and one deep learning model (SLSTM) in terms of 
its predictive performance. Model performance was evaluated using the 
MAPE and RMSE metrics. Table 3 presents the average values of these 
metrics for the aforementioned models. The MAPE values of the SGRU 
model were lower than those of the ARIMA, SARIMA, ETS, HWETS, SVR, 
and SLSTM models by 67.60%, 55.98%, 79.85%, 55.72%, 42.43%, and 
20.44%,  respectively,  indicating  that  the  accuracy  of  prediction  was 
significantly higher for the SGRU model than for the other models. As 
presented in Fig. 2, the CO values predicted by the SGRU model were 
close to the actual values. Fig. 3 shows scatter plots of the actual CO 
values and those predicted by the ARIMA, SARIMA, ETS, HWETS, SVR, 
SLSTM, and SGRU models. Compared with the other models, the deep

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The pipeline uses an SGRU-based deep learning approach. SGRU stands for Simple Gated Recurrent Unit, which is a variant of the traditional GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) model. Both GRU and SGRU are types of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), which are designed to handle sequential data such as time-series data. In comparison to the SLSTM (Seasonal Long Short Term Memory) model, another extension of RNNs mentioned in the context, the SGRU model showed significantly better predictive performance in terms of MAPE and RMSE metrics when applied to forecasting CO concentration over 36 months.