Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(Zhang and Benveniste, 1992), Bayesian learning machine (Xu, 1997),
and so on. Researchers have extended the application and improve the
algorithms based on classical neural network models afterwards. Since
2006 deep learning started to boom in academia and industry. The deep
learning algorithm broke the limitation of the traditional neural net-
work on the number of layers. According to demands of designers, the
number of network layers was chosen and trained by large-scale data to
obtain deeply hidden characteristic information and features which is
beyond imagination before (Hinton and Salakhutdinov, 2006).

+

θ

l
i

⎧
⎪
⎨
⎪
⎩

i
(

=

1, 2, 3,

…

L

)

2.4. Data selection

(4)

l is the output of the ith node in the lth layer, xi

l is the acti-
where yi
l is the weight of the
vation value of the ith node in the lth layer, wij
connection between the jth node in the l-1th layer and the ith node in
the lth layer, θi
l is the threshold value of the ith node in the lth layer, Nl
is the number of nodes in the lth layer, L is the total number of layers,
and f() is the neuronal activation function.

Because the output error of the neurons in the output layer does not
satisfy the accuracy requirement, the learning process turns into a
backward error propagation process, and the basic model is as follows:

∆ = −
w
ij

η

∂
E
w
∂
ij

(5)

35

after individual trials from BPNN2-1 (insuﬃcient ﬁtting ability) to
BPNN7-1 (overﬁtting and unstable), BPNN4-1 oﬀers the lowest mean
square error and the most 17 stable average performance at 0.000694,
with a maximum allowable training time of 1000. We choose an
adaptive strategy to modulate the learning rate to improve the neural
network convergence rate. The results show a benchmark learning rate
of 0.01, a learning rate up to 1.07 as the error steadily decreases, a
learning rate down to 0.70 as the error increases, a limit of the training

Netherlands. Ecol. Econ. 34 (1), 115–130.

Vapnik, V., 1995. The Nature of Statistical Learning Theory. vol. 314 Information Science

Leng, X., Wang, J., Ji, H., Wang, Q., Li, H., Xin, Q., et al., 2017. Prediction of size-frac-

and Statistics, New York, NY (USA).

tionated airborne particle-bound metals using mlr, bp-ann and svm analyses.
Chemosphere 180, 513.

Varﬁs, A., Versino, C., 1990. Univariate Economic Time Series Forecasting by

Connectionist Methods.

Li, X.M., Xiao, R.B., Yuan, S.H., Chen, J.A., Zhou, J.X., 2010. Urban total ecological

Wackernagel, M., Yount, J.D., 2000. Footprint for sustainability: the next step. Environ.

footprint forecasting by using radial basis function neural network: a case study of
Wuhan City, China. Ecol. Indic. 10 (2), 241–248.

Li, X.B., Tian, M.R., Wang, H., et al., 2014. Development of an ecological security eva-
luation method based on the ecological footprint and application to a typical steppe
region in China. Ecol. Indic. 39, 153–159.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide specific details about the data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, some common data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotation, scaling, cropping, translation, and noise injection. These techniques help increase the amount of training data available and can also prevent overfitting by providing more diverse examples during training. It should be noted that the choice of data augmentation technique depends on the nature of the problem being solved and the characteristics of the dataset. For example, flipping may not be suitable for datasets with asymmetric objects or scenes, while rotation might not be appropriate for datasets containing text or other orientation-dependent elements. Therefore, it is essential to carefully consider the suitability of each data augmentation technique for a particular task before applying them.