Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

the ensemble results. All CNNs were trained using the TensorFlow backend on a Tesla
M100 graphic processing unit.

There are numerous aspects to consider for enhancing the deep-learning classiﬁer,
speciﬁcally regarding the input image size; network conﬁguration, depth, and width; and
training strategy. In initial experimentation, several standard forms of deep-learning CNN
architectures were tested based largely on ResNet [46] and Inception [63], but these did
not perform well due to the range of image objects size/scales encountered. To account
for objects represented as a single pixel up to larger assemblages extending beyond the
32 by 32 pixel input image, the ensemble with varying input image sizes was selected.
Segmentation-based approaches were also considered as an alternative, but sufﬁcient
quality training data for segmentation was a limitation.

3.3.3. Change Detection

Figure 3. Schematic of the CNN used in the study. Input image size was 32 by 32 pixels shown as the
large grey square. Numbers represent the number of features output from a convolution or dense
layer, except for the cropping layers where the crop dimension is shown.

2.5.2. Random Forest

For random forest, input features included the mean and standard deviation for image
window sizes of 5 × 5, 15 × 15, and 32 × 32 in addition to the central pixel values for
each input feature. We used a random search to identify an optimal parameter set where
100 sets were sampled and compared using three-fold cross validation. Search parameter
ranges were number of trees (200 to 800, by 100), minimum samples split (2–4), minimum

Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 634

7 of 21

samples per leaf (2–4), maximum depth (full), bootstrap (true), and maximum features for
split (square root of the number of features). For a description of these parameters see the
Scikit-learn documentation [48]. These results were reﬁned using a grid-search with the
parameter ranges set to ±50 for the number of estimators and ±1 for the other parameters.

2.6. Membership Based Change Detection and Segmentation
2.6.1. Split Window Detection of Change Seed Points

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about the availability of the deep learning pipeline's data repository. Therefore, I cannot determine if it is available on platforms such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF.