Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.6. Input selection in active learning 

Active learning enhances and facilitates the labour-intensive process 
of data generation, important in this field given the scarcity of labelled 
data or the need to generate training data to target certain species (Allen 
et  al.,  2021).  It  progressively  increases  the  training  data  by  selecting 
those  samples  most  likely  to  improve  model  performance  from  pre-
dictions that a model generates over unlabelled data. Iteratively training 
new models with additional labelled data selected from their predictions 
reduces  the  extent  of  manual annotation  (Shuyang  et  al.,  2020). In  a 
similar process as the example of Tolkova et al. (2021) discussed above, 
our proposed method of using model embeddings and dimensionality 
reduction to display model predictions in EV can contribute to selecting 
the best sample candidates for manual annotation. 

4.7. Closing in on rare events

acoustic models, facilitating post-processing of results, error detection, input selection and the detection of rare 
events, which the reader can experience in online examples with publicly available code.

deployment, when a trained model is run through field recordings, we 
can again rely on EV to select possible calls of the Coxen’s fig-parrot.

We  trained  some  models  from  scratch  using  the  two  datasets 
mentioned  above.  For  NIPS4Bplus  we  used  the  rich  labels  associated 
with the dataset. In the case of BirdCLEF 2020 we relied on automatic 
detailed labels generated with the noise filtering algorithm. We did not 
use species included in the Brazil extract of BirdCLEF 2020 (these are all 
species  that  are  not  included  in  the  classes  of  the  BirdNET-Analyzer 
model)  in  model  training  using  only  the  “complementary  train 
extract”  to allow comparisons of the performance of BirdNET and our 
trained models on unseen classes. Our trained models include a SincNet 
model from our earlier work (Bravo Sanchez et al., 2021) and residual 
network models that we call ResNet152-architecture.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the postprocessing steps involved after the model training (e.g., Saliency maps, Metrics calculation, Confusion matrix)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
After the model training, several postprocessing steps can be taken depending on the specific requirements of the project. Some common postprocessing steps include generating saliency maps, calculating metrics, and creating confusion matrices.

Saliency maps help visualize the parts of the input data that have the highest impact on the model's output. This can provide insights into how the model makes its decisions and identify any potential biases or issues with the input data.

Calculating various evaluation metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, etc., helps assess the overall performance of the model. These metrics can also aid in comparing different models and identifying areas where improvements can be made.

Creating confusion matrices provides a more detailed view of the model's performance by showing the number of correct and incorrect classifications for each class. This can highlight any imbalanced classes or misclassification patterns that may require further attention.

In addition to these general postprocessing steps, there might be other domain-specific tasks required based on the application. For instance, in acoustic modeling, postprocessing could involve error detection, input selection, and detecting rare events. The mentioned methods like EV (Embedding Visualization) can assist in selecting the best candidate samples for manual annotation and detecting rare events during deployment.