Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ventional  ‘flat’  classification  has  been  previously  demonstrated  as  a 
useful  tool  for  filtering  standardised  datasets,  such  as  academic  ab-
stracts,  data  collection  from  online  platforms  often  generates  large 
volumes of highly variable textual data which, as demonstrated by our 
study,  can  necessitate  using  a  hierarchical  classification  approach. 
Although we focused on collecting social media posts and web articles, 
the models and pipeline developed in this study can be applied to other 
forms of textual data, such as listings from E-commerce platforms.

We  also  investigated  the  extent  to  which  using  active  learning  to 
select training data could reduce the number of texts required to achieve 
peak  performance  for  BERT  models.  Our  experiments  showed  that 
classifiers  trained  using  data  selected  randomly  or  with  the  least 

EcologicalInformatics75(2023)1020766S.B. Hunter et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Fig. 4. The relationship between the number of texts in training data (increased at increments of 50) and the median F1 achieved by classifiers over five runs. The 
model used, the classification task and the dataset from which training and testing data are derived are compared. N.B. this does not include stratified training data.

After  data  collection  and  text  extraction,  the  collected  data  were 
substantially filtered and deduplicated (See Fig.S2.1): All non-English 
texts were removed using the language identification model (lid.176) 
from  the  fastText  python  library  (Bojanowski  et  al.,  2017),  as  subse-
quent  text  classification  relied  on  models pre-trained  on  only  English 
text. Posts and web articles were also removed if they contained none of 
the original search terms. Although search terms were used to collect 
data,  this  step  was  necessary  to  remove  posts  in  which  search  terms 
made  up  part  of  other  words  (e.g.  combat  contains  the  word  bat). 
Duplicate posts were removed by identifying posts with the same ID, as 
assigned by the API and, for web articles, with the same URL. The text of 
posts  and  web  articles  was  then  deduplicated  using  cosine  similarity 
scores,  as  outlined  by  Kulkarni  and  Di  Minin  (2021).  First,  texts  are

learning for classifying sales engagement emails at large scale. In: 2019 19th IEEE/ 
ACM International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Grid Computing (CCGRID), 
pp. 542–548. 

Liu, H., Jin, W., Karimi, H., Liu, Z., Tang, J., 2021. The authors matter: understanding 
and mitigating implicit bias in deep text classification. Findings of the Association 
for Computational Linguistics: ACL-IJCNLP 2021, 74–85. https://doi.org/10.18653/ 
v1/2021.findings-acl.7. 

Cerri, J., Mori, E., Ancillotto, L., Russo, D., Bertolino, S., 2022. COVID-19, media 

Marshall, B.M., Strine, C., Hughes, A.C., 2020. Thousands of reptile species threatened by 

coverage of bats and related web searches: a turning point for bat conservation? 
Mammal Rev. 52 (1), 16–25. 

Cornford, R., Deinet, S., De Palma, A., Hill, S.L., McRae, L., Pettit, B., Marconi, V.,

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for deployment based solely on the provided context.