Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

ˇ
Simůnek, J., Oliver, D.P., Awad, J., 2020. 

not: soil erosion in Maasai land as a social dilemma and a challenge to community 
resilience. J. Environ. Psychol. 66, 101365. 

Rahimi, A., Breuste, J., 2021. Why is Lake Urmia drying up? Prognostic modeling with 

land-use data and artificial neural network. Front. Environ. Sci. 9, 603916. 
Safarian Zengir, V., Sobhani, B., Asghari, S., 2020. Monitoring and investigating the 

possibility of forecasting drought in the western part of Iran. Arab. J. Geosci. 13 (12), 
1–12. 

Sala, R., Deom, J.M., Aladin, N.V., Plotnikov, I.S., Nurtazin, S., 2020. Geological history 
and present conditions of Lake Balkhash. In: Large Asian Lakes in a Changing World: 
Natural State and Human Impact, pp. 143–175. 

Seydehmet, J., Lv, G., Nurmemet, I., Aishan, T., Abliz, A., Sawut, M., Abli, A., Eziz, M., 
2018. Model prediction of secondary soil salinization in the Keriya Oasis, Northwest 
China. Sustainability 10 (3), 656.

◦
◦ × 2.5

The CMAP is a collection of precipitation datasets that can be pro-
duced by analyzing gauge data and estimating satellite-based precipi-
and its temporal 
tation. The spatial resolution of the CMAP is 2.5
resolution is monthly. The data of CMAP can be downloaded from the 
NOAA repository (https://psl.noaa.gov/data/gridded/data.cmap.html). 
Additionally, Landsat satellite datasets were used to investigate water 
surface area and salinity variations over a long period of time (i.e. 1985 
to 2020). For this aim, the most suitable data in terms of identifiability 
(i.e. frames with cloud cover <10%) was selected. It takes eight “Landsat 
frames” to cover the entire Urmia Lake basin. In the present study, 150 
images from 1985 to 2020 were used to assess land cover variations in 
the  selected  basin.  To  minimize  the  radiometric  effects,  radiometric 
calibration was done for the selected images. 

2.2. Description of the adapted methodology

The river runoff variation given in Fig. 8(a) shows a decrease in the 
volume of incoming water from 3520 Mm3  to 700 Mm3, which means 
that the volume of incoming water has decreased to almost one fifth. 
Many factors are involved in the occurrence of such conditions, which 
can generally be divided into two categories. First, the factors that are 
related  to  human  activities,  which  include  excessive  use  of  water  re-
sources, excessive development of agriculture around the lake, and the 
structures built in the basin. One of the human activities is changing the 
cultivation  pattern  and  creating  unconventional  deep  wells  in  the  re-
gion, especially between 1985 and 2014. At this time, the cultivation of 
water-based  agricultural  products  increased  from  350,000  ha  to 
500,000 ha. The construction of dams caused a sharp decrease in the 
catchment  water  of  the  lake,  which,  with  these  unplanned  dams  and

basin. The main aim of the current study (1) is to propose a new inte-
grated method based on the Empirical Wavelet Transform (EWT), Dif-
ferential  Symbolic  Entropy  (DSE),  and  remote  sensing  approaches  to 
develop the drought zoning map for the basin and (2) use remote sensing 
datasets  to  monitor  the  variations  of  soil  salinity  in  the  basin  and 
investigate  the  effects  of  climate  change  and  human  activities  on  the 
drying of the lake.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the provided context, it appears there is no direct information about the specific data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline, such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, the context does mention the use of various datasets and methods for analysis, including the CMAP dataset for precipitation analysis, Landsat satellite datasets for investigating water surface area and salinity variations, and remote sensing approaches for developing drought zoning maps and monitoring soil salinity variations. These datasets may require different types of preprocessing and annotation depending on their intended use in the deep learning pipeline. Without more specific details about the deep learning pipeline being used, it is not possible to provide a definitive answer regarding the exact data annotation techniques employed.