Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

499

This is a multi-layered neural network model that receives successive OL data streams
and uses the unsupervised GRELMA algorithm as a basic building block in which the
outputs of each level are used as inputs to the next one (Sun, Zhang, Zhang, & Hu, 2017).
An autoencoder is an ANN used for unsupervised learning of eﬃcient coding. The aim
of an autoencoder is to learn a representation (encoding) for a set of data, but with the
output layer having the same number of nodes as the input layer, and with the
purpose of reconstructing its own inputs (instead of predicting target value Y given
inputs X). The algorithm is described below (Sun et al., 2017):

Algorithm 1. GRELMA Algorithm for Clustering (Sun et al., 2017)

i=1 the number of hidden neurons nh, the penalty coeﬃcient κ and λ

As it has been proven, ELMs are an important approach for handling and analysing Big
Data as they require the minimum training time relative to the corresponding engineering
learning algorithms. Moreover ELMs do not require ﬁne manipulations to determine their
operating parameters and ﬁnally they can determine the appropriate output weights
towards the most eﬀective resolution of a problem. What is most important, they have
in contrast to corresponding methods which adjust their
the potential to generalize,

508

K. DEMERTZIS ET AL.

performance based solely on their training data set. It is obvious that the emerging use of
ELM in Big Data analysis as well as DELE creates serious prerequisites for complex systems’
development by low-cost machines.

8. Future research

Through a series of new learning architectures and algorithms, have been transformed;
DELE methods are now the state-of-the-art in object, speech and audio recognition.
Deng and Yu (2013) had proposed methods and applications of DELE. A large deep
convolutional neural network trained (Krizhevsky, Sutskever, & Hinton, 2012) to classify
1.2 million high-resolution images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest into 1000
diﬀerent classes.
In recent years, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have
become very popular and have achieved great success in many computer vision
tasks particularly in object recognition. Cellular Simultaneous Recurrent Networks
(CSRNs) applied (Alom, Alam, Taha, & Iftekharuddin, 2017) to generate initial ﬁlters
of CNNs for features extraction and Regularized Extreme Learning Machines (RELM)
for classiﬁcation. Experiments were conducted on three popular data sets for object
recognition (such as face, pedestrian, and car) to evaluate the performance of the pro-

a new deep neural network. Neurocomputing, 230, 374–381.
neucom.2016.12.027.

Zhang, D., Lee, D.-J., Zhang, M., Tippetts, B. J., & Lillywhite, K. D. (2016). Object recognition algorithm
for the automatic identiﬁcation and removal of invasive ﬁsh. Biosystems Engineering, 145, 65–75.
doi:10.1016/j.biosystemseng

Zhang, J., Yin, J., Zhang, Q., Shi, J., & Li, Y. (2017). Robust sound event classiﬁcation with bilinear multi-
column ELM-AE and two-stage ensemble learning. Eurasip Journal on Audio, Speech, and Music
Processing, (1). art. No. 11. doi:10.1186/s13636-017-0109-1

Zhao, Z., Zhang, S.-H., Xu, Z.-Y., Bellisario, K., Dai, N.-H., Omrani, H., & Pijanowski, B. C. (2017).
species classiﬁcation. Ecological

Automated bird acoustic event detection and robust
Informatics, 39, 99–108. doi:10.1016/j.ecoinf.2017.04.003

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline such as bounding box annotation or instance segmentation. However, it discusses various aspects related to deep learning models like Extreme Learning Machine (ELM), Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), and Deep Extreme Learning Machine (DELM). These models are often employed for tasks involving image classification, object recognition, and speech recognition. In these scenarios, data annotation techniques like bounding box annotation and instance segmentation might be utilized during the dataset preparation phase before feeding the data into the deep learning models. Nevertheless, without explicit information about the data annotation techniques mentioned in the context, I cannot provide a definitive answer regarding the specific techniques used in this case.