Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 1. Schematic diagram of pipeline. We first built model
and then test the model. There are three python scripts used to
for
Coverting_image.py,
including
Making_database.py, and Training.py in a self-developed open
source software Waveman. Tested process using both filtered
images and unfiltered audio-files.

modelling,

2

X. Chen, et al.

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Table 1
Taxa summary of the 36 species and itscall information.

Family

Species

Individual number**

No. of images***

Location

Release type

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Biological Conservation

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/biocon

Automatic standardized processing and identification of tropical bat calls
using deep learning approaches

T

Xing Chena,1, Jun Zhaob,1, Yan-hua Chena, Wei Zhoub,*, Alice C. Hughesa,*
a Center for Integrative Conservation, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Menglun 666303, China
b Software School, Yunnan University, Kunming 650500, China

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Bats
Bioacoustics
Automated monitoring
Algorithms
Deep learning
Neural network
Automatic processing
Biodiversity metrics
Machine learning
Calls
Echolocation
Monitoring protocol

Cardinale, B.J., Gonzalez, A., Allington, G.R., Loreau, M., 2018. Is local biodiversity de-
clining or not? A summary of the debate over analysis of species richness time trends.

Simonyan, K., Zisserman, A., 2014. Very deep convolutional networks for large-scale

image recognition. arXiv preprint arXiv 1409.1556.

Stamatakis, A., 2014. RAxML version 8: a tool for phylogenetic analysis and post-analysis

9

X. Chen, et al.

Biological Conservation 241 (2020) 108269

of large phylogenies. Bioinformatics 30, 1312–1313.

Stowell, D., Wood, M.D., Pamuła, H., Stylianou, Y., Glotin, H., 2019. Automatic acoustic

detection of birds through deep learning: the first Bird Audio Detection challenge.
Methods Ecol. Evol. 10, 368–380.

Yu, X., Wang, J., Kays, R., Jansen, P.A., Wang, T., Huang, T., 2013. Automated identi-
fication of animal species in camera trap images. EURASIP J. Image Video Process.
2013 (1), 52.

In this study, we demonstrate that our model has high enough ac-
curacy to identify the 36 tropical bat species for both filtered and un-
filtered datasets. For the selected data BatNet outperforms CNNFULL by
increasing the overall accuracy rate from 77% to 91% using the vali-
dated dataset, and shows greatest improvement for the 12 vesperti-
lionid species. This improvement indicates the complicated architecture
of BatNet is more suitable for the application of unfiltered audio-files
recorded in tropical regions than simple networks (i.e., CNNFULL).
Secondly, the unfiltered data collected from different environments,
including nature habitats (i.e., CE (cave entrance) and DF (densely
forested) where bats usually emerge) and human living areas (i.e., AU
(Auditorium) is relatively wide open). The audio-files not only con-
tained no call regions, but only contained signal regions full of echos,
background noises, and high intra-species acoustic variation (such as

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any direct reference to the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline. However, based on the context, it can be assumed that the authors might have shared their codes in a public repository such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket. To find the exact link, one would need to search for the paper title or author names along with keywords like 'code','repository', 'GitHub', etc. on popular search engines or academic databases. Unfortunately, without additional information, it is impossible to determine the specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the context.