Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2. Data model & vocabularies

A conceptual diagram of the many types of data that can be gen-
erated from one fish is shown in Fig. 1. There are 4 parameters of

Ecological Informatics 59 (2020) 101115

critical information for digital storage: fish sampling location, date,
species, and life stage. The CM database design is centred on each
physical sample, Fig. 2. The metadata, such as fish length, weight, and
day collected, is typically written on the sample envelopes. Some en-
velopes and glass slides contained no metadata, or were labelled with
only a lab number and species. Furthermore, older labels were often
either illegible or damaged. Therefore, samples that contained the ne-
cessary critical information were prioritized to be catalogued first in the
database and repository. The internal vocabulary (and shorthand) used
during sample labelling within the MI field station changed through
time, and between researchers. Furthermore, the local vocabularies
used were often not in accordance with best practice (Hedden, 2010).
The usage of controlled vocabularies, which is a pre-defined list of
terms, enables consistent and accurate information labelling (Mao

Malde, K., Handegard, N.O., Eikvil, L., Salberg, A.B., 2019. Machine intelligence and the
data-driven future of marine science. ICES J. Mar. Sci. https://doi.org/10.1093/
icesjms/fsz057.

Mao, X., Cai, T., Olyarchuk, J.G., Wei, L., 2005. Automated genome annotation and

pathway identification using the KEGG Orthology (KO) as a controlled vocabulary.
Bioinformatics 21 (9), 3787–3793. https://doi.org/10.1093/bioinformatics/bti430.
Mapp, J., Hunter, E., Van Der Kooij, J., Songer, S., Fisher, M., 2017. Otolith shape and
size: the importance of age when determining indices for fish-stock separation. Fish.
Res. 190, 43–52. 4.2.. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.fishres.2017.01.017.

Marine Institute, 2019. The Stock Book 2019: Annual Review of Fish Stocks in 2019 with

Management Advice for 2020. Marine Institute, Galway, Ireland.

Matta, M.E., Black, B.A., Wilderbuer, T.K., 2010. Climate-driven synchrony in otolith

work-placements, and an equipment budget of approximately 10,000
euros. Furthermore, the authors would like to note this project required
extensive and persistent internal collaboration between fisheries sci-
entists and data managers within the MI. For example, it was necessary
for the fisheries scientists to explain the complexity of the data pro-
duced when sampling diadromous fish populations through time. In
addition, it was equally important for the data managers to educate the
fisheries scientists on informatics science, specifically on how to
structure, model, and store data, in accordance with best practice. The
data managers led and continue to have the role of maintaining the
digital
infrastructure for the archive, while the fisheries scientists
played a key role in IFBA's design, and continue to collect samples and
populate the database. The effort to catalogue all samples is still on-
going, and the IFBA database is continually being developed and im-
proved upon.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which hardware resources are used for training the deep learning model (e.g., GPUs, TPUs)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to determine what specific hardware resources were used for training the deep learning model. The text does mention an equipment budget of approximately 10,000 euros but doesn't specify whether any part of this budget was allocated towards purchasing hardware resources such as GPUs or TPUs for training the deep learning model.