Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In  order  to  mitigate  this  issue,  in  Section  4.2.2  we  used  “data 

augmentation”, to modify the class balance by increasing the number of 
examples for the underrepresented classes. The overall accuracy for all 
the networks increased in this experiment, with ConvNeXt obtaining the 
highest  accuracy  of  79.58%  (2%  increase).  Although  TPR  values 
(Table 4) for the larger classes were reduced, the metrics for the smaller 
classes  significantly  improved  leading  to  a  better  overall  accuracy. 
However, each DL network improved its results in a different way with 
more  data.  Nonetheless,  the  overall  improvement  suggests  that  even 
higher  degrees  of  accuracy  may  be  attainable  if  more  unique  data 
samples were acquired for training.

In order to solve this problem, we used a DL approach. DL networks 
can be seen as non-linear functions with a large number of parameters. 
The parameters of each DL are adjusted using annotated data (usually 
referred  to  as  a  “supervised  approach”).  Once  this  process  (called 
training the network) is finished, the evaluation of the network on the real 
problem  is  performed  by  feeding  it  an  independent  data  set  not  seen 
during training (the testing data set). DL techniques are currently a hot 
topic in machine learning with applications in a variety of fields, and are 
considered the current state of the art for CV applications. In fact, in 
some disciplines, this technology is considered to have exceeded human 
capabilities (Buetti-Dinh et al., 2019; He et al., 2015).

1.  ResNet (He et al., 2016): The innovation of this approach supposed a 
breakthrough  for  convolutional  neural  networks  becoming  the 
winner of the ILSVRC challenge in 2015. By introducing the concept 
of residual connections between blocks, the arbitrary limit of stacked 
consecutive blocks caused by problems in the optimisation process 

was  lifted  and  these  connections  virtually  granted  researchers  the 
ability to have an infinite number of parameters and depth. In fact, 
residual  connections  have  become  a  staple  of  DL  and  are  still 
currently used in any modern architecture.

the  experts.  Then  the  network  is  fed  this  annotated  data  and  the  pa-
rameters of the model are adjusted following an optimization process. 
Once this training process is finished, the model is ready to process new 
unseen  data.  DL  networks  are,  thus,  able  to  capture  statistics  and  re-
lationships directly from the data following human expertise. If the data 
used  for  training  the  model  is  representative  of  the  problem  and  the 
annotations are carefully generated, the resulting network can perform 
at a similar level with any input data set. This capacity to translate the 
training to other independent datasets is called the generalization power 
of the network. In practice, differences in performance between the re-
sults with the training data (or data that is similar to it, i.e., from the 
same  site  and  acquired  at  the  same  time)  and  those  of  independent 
datasets (often in research papers referred to as the testing data set) can

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

While the given context does not explicitly mention specific regularization methods such as dropout or L2 regularization, it does discuss a technique used to address class imbalance, which is another common cause of overfitting in deep learning models. Data augmentation was employed to improve the representation of underrepresented classes, thereby enhancing the overall accuracy of the networks.

Regularization methods like dropout and L2 regularization aim to prevent overfitting by adding constraints to the learning process. Dropout randomly sets a fraction of input units to zero during training, effectively preventing complex co-adaptations among neurons. On the other hand, L2 regularization adds a penalty term to the loss function, discouraging large weights and promoting simpler models. These methods help reduce overfitting by making the model more robust and generalizable to unseen data.

Although the text doesn't provide explicit information about the use of dropout or L2 regularization, they are commonly used regularization methods in deep learning pipelines to combat overfitting.