Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Segmentation and classiﬁcation

4.2. Opportunities of the modeling approach

Segmentation and classiﬁcation strategies in eCognition are still
rapidly evolving; methods and rule sets for automatically selecting
segmentation parameters are under development (Dragut et al.,
2010, 2014; Martha et al., 2012), but there is not yet consensus on
best practices. Better classiﬁcations, which could then better capture
the process of interest, may be possible as these tools develop fur-
ther. Machine learning techniques are being brought together with

M.V. Eitzel et al. / Ecological Informatics 31 (2016) 100–111

109

segmentation to more automatically classify images (Nancy Thomas,
personal communication). This set of approaches with historical im-
agery could become more powerful as new methods are developed.
We do caution that even with machine learning, some supervision
and validation using aerial photo interpretation techniques or
other data sources are still necessary (Sexton et al., 2015).

heterogeneity and decreased resiliency, decreases in biodiversity due to
decreased light availability on the forest ﬂoor, and compromised tree
health due to more intense resource competition (Hanberry et al., 2014;
Knapp et al., 2013). This process is widespread in California due to
ﬁre exclusion policies dating back more than 100 years (Laudenslayer
and Darr, 1990). Topographic variables representing water retention
capacity and exposure (including slope, aspect, elevation, curvature,
solar radiation, and topographic wetness index) have long been used to
predict vegetation characteristics (Deng et al., 2007; Franklin, 1995;
Jenkins and Coops, 2011). Though they themselves are static, topographic
variables can reﬂect underlying drivers such as solar exposure and mois-
ture accumulation, which could modify the dynamic effects of climate
change on cover. Many of these variables are easily calculated from a Dig-
ital Elevation Model (DEM) and are often used in GIS modeling studies.

the histogram of values for the band in question for breakpoints
in order to choose thresholds. Different bands were helpful for
segmenting and classifying different images. For 2009 NAIP images,
NDVI as well as mean values of different bands (e.g., green, infra-red),
or overall image brightness were often helpful (and for one site, Bald
Hills, per-pixel texture variables calculated for the red band in addition
to the image bands and NDVI were needed in order to discriminate
between classes); for historical imagery the image brightness value
worked well, in addition to contrast, homogeneity, dissimilarity and
second moment (see Supplementary data for example eCognition rule
sets).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What criteria are used to determine when training is complete (e.g., validation loss plateau)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not directly address the specific criteria used to determine when training is complete, such as a validation loss plateau. However, it does mention that segmentation and classification strategies in eCognition are rapidly evolving, and that machine learning techniques are being combined with segmentation to improve automatic image classification. The text also emphasizes the importance of supervision and validation using other data sources, suggesting that these processes might play a role in determining when training is considered complete. Unfortunately, without additional information, it is impossible to provide a definitive answer regarding the exact criteria used to determine when training is complete within this context.