Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Keywords: deep neural networks, ecological prediction, machine learning, computational ecology, forest disturbance 

INTRODUCTION

Deep  learning  is  a  relatively  recent  development  in  ML.  Its 
main tool, the deep neural network (DNN), builds upon Artificial 
Neural Networks (ANNs) which were already conceived in the 
middle of the last century. Essentially, “deep learning” refers to a 
set of techniques that allow the training of larger (more neurons) 
and  deeper  (more  layers)  ANNs  (Nielsen,  2015).  These  high 
capacity  networks  became  possible  due  to  the  development  of 
improved  algorithms  for  optimizing  connection  weights  [e.g., 
stochastic  gradient  descent  (Rumelhart  et  al.,  1986)]  and  a 
steep  increase  in  available  computing  power  and  training  data 
(Goodfellow et al., 2016). While these improvements may seem 
only gradual, current DNNs not only outperform their simpler 
ANN  ancestors,  but  frequently  also  perform  better  than  other 
ML approaches in standardized tests of prediction accuracy (e.g.,

Addressing  current  global  challenges  such  as  biodiversity  loss,  global  change,  and 
increasing  demands  for  ecosystem  services  requires  improved  ecological  prediction. 
Recent increases in data availability, process understanding, and computing power are 
fostering quantitative approaches in ecology. However, flexible methodological frameworks 
are needed to utilize these developments towards improved ecological prediction. Deep 
learning  is  a  rapidly  evolving  branch  of  machine  learning,  yet  has  received  only  little 
attention in ecology to date. It refers to the training of deep neural networks (DNNs), i.e. 
artificial neural networks consisting of many layers and a large number of neurons. We 
here  provide  a  reproducible  example  (including  code  and  data)  of  designing,  training, 
and  applying  DNNs  for  ecological  prediction.  Using  bark  beetle  outbreaks  in  conifer-

In the training phase of a DNN the connection weights (w in 
Figure 1) between neurons are iteratively updated by a training 
algorithm  to  minimize  the  prediction  error  over  the  training 
data  set  (see  Supplementary  Material  S2  for  more  details). 
In  order  to  gauge  the  accuracy  of  predictions  for  new  input 
data  (i.e.,  data  not  used  during  training),  the  available  data  is 
frequently split into a training data set (used for training), and 
a test data set. The details of the network architecture, such as 
the  size  of  the  network,  the  selection  of  specific  layer  types, 
and parameters of the training process strongly determine the 
prediction  accuracy  of  the  network  and  are  usually  problem 
specific. More information on deep learning is available in e.g., 
Angermueller  et  al.  (  2016),  LeCun  et  al.  (2015)  and  Nielsen 
(2015).  Moreover,  the  Supplementary  Material  S2  provides  a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the datasets used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., MNIST, CIFAR, ImageNet)? "

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention any specific datasets used in the deep learning pipeline, such as MNIST, CIFAR, or ImageNet. Instead, it focuses on using deep neural networks (DNNs) for ecological prediction, specifically addressing bark beetle outbreaks in conifer forests. In this case, the dataset would likely consist of relevant ecological variables related to the study area and the target phenomenon (bark beetle outbreaks). To train and evaluate the performance of the DNN, the authors suggest splitting the available data into a training dataset (for model fitting) and a test dataset (to assess its predictive capabilities).