Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

)2

(cid:0)

• AGB: version 3 of the 2017 CCI-Biomass product (https://catalogue. 
ceda.ac.uk/uuid/5f331c418e9f4935b8eb1b836f8a91b8), which is a 
follow up of the Globbiomass product (Santoro et al., 2021);  

• OCS  (0–30  cm  soil  depth):  Soilgrids  (https://www.isric.org 

/explore/soilgrids; Poggio et al., 2021). 

(5)  

(6)  

where N denotes the size of the sampling frame (i.e. all units (grid cells) 
in the population) and  zp  is the population mean of the target variable 
reference values. Since we had population data at our disposal, reference 
population values for these metrics were computed by applying the above 
equations. 

The four samples described in Section 2.2 have n units, with n ≪ N. 
Therefore,  they only  estimate  the map  accuracy  metrics for  the  entire 
population. Additionally, the inverse sampling-intensity weighted cross-

Figs.  7  and  8  show  example  variograms  of  AGB  residuals  and  of 

EcologicalInformatics69(2022)1016656S. de Bruin et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Fig. 3. AGB predictions using (a) simple random sample; (b) moderately clustered sample; (c) strongly clustered sample; (d) strongly clustered, gapped sample.

Fig.  3  shows  example  maps  of  AGB  predictions  made  by  random 
forest  models  trained  on  samples  as  per  four  of  the  five  designs 
compared in this study. At first sight, the maps (a-c) are very similar to 
the proxy of exhaustive ground truth provided in Fig. 1(a) but closer 
inspection reveals some dissimilarities. Perhaps the most apparent dif-
ference is a reduction of the largest AGB values along Europe’s mountain 
ranges in Fig. 3(c). The latter map shows predictions based on a strongly 
clustered  sample  whose  locations  are  shown  in  Fig.  2(f).  It  can  be 
observed that this sample had few sampling sites in the high biomass 
areas, which may partly explain the observed tendency. The predictions 
in Fig. 3(d) differ considerably from those in Fig. 3(a-c). These are based 
on the strongly clustered, gapped sample shown in Fig. 2(h) which fails 
to cover the major part of the study area including the regions with large

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Machine learning 
Spatial cross-validation 
Spatial autocorrelation 
Soil organic carbon 
Above-ground biomass

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
I am sorry, but there is no information about the code repository link of any deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide an answer to your query.