Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This is the ﬁrst study to our knowledge to investigate the pheno-
logical features in improving the performance of deep learning. As re-
vealed in our results, we have seen great potential in developing phe-
nological knowledge based deep learning methods. Recent literature
has documented the applications and beneﬁts of deep learning, a new
branch of machine learning, in various ﬁelds (LeCun et al., 2015).
However, it is still a controversial topic whether deep learning is more
suitable than traditional machine learning methods for Landsat image
classiﬁcation (Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Li et al., 2016). Never-
theless, this study aims to evaluate the hypotheses that applying phe-
nological knowledge as input data of deep learning can improve the
performance in the detection of invasive S. alterniﬂora. A comparison
experiment between SAE and SVM with six diﬀerent types of Landsat
images was conducted (see Table 2). The best performance was

A R T I C L E I N F O

A B S T R A C T

Keywords:
Cloudy coastal zone
Invasive species
Phenology
Google earth engine
Remote sensing big data
Deep learning

et al., 2015; Zhang et al., 2016). A growing number of studies to date
(e.g. Heydari and Mountrakis, 2018; Ishii et al., 2015; Li et al., 2016)
have been reported on classiﬁcation of remote sensing images at
moderate spatial resolution with deep learning. For example, deep
learning method (Stacked AutoEncoder, SAE) and traditional machine
learning methods (e.g. Support Vector Machine, SVM) were compared
to map African land-cover (Li et al., 2016). It was reported that SAE
achieved a higher classiﬁcation accuracy than SVM. However, in one of
the latest developments, Heydari and Mountrakis (2018) conducted an
experiment on land cover classiﬁcation using the deep learning method
(SAE) with 26 Landsat images. Surprisingly, the results indicated that
the classiﬁcation accuracy of deep learning was not as good as tradi-
tional machine learning methods, e.g. SVM. Therefore, it is still a well-
worthy topic to investigate which kind of methods is better, deep

Autoencoder-based deep learning for remote-sensing image classiﬁcation: a case
study of African land-cover mapping. Int. J. Remote Sens. 37, 5632–5646.
Liu, M., Mao, D., Wang, Z., Li, L., Man, W., Jia, M., Ren, C., Zhang, Y., 2018. Rapid
invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora in the coastal zone of mainland China: new ob-
servations from Landsat OLI images. Remote Sens. 10, 1933.

Liu, M.Y., Li, H.Y., Li, L., Man, W.D., Jia, M.M., Wang, Z.M., Lu, C.Y., 2017. Monitoring
the invasion of Spartina alterniﬂora using multi-source high-resolution imagery in the
Zhangjiang estuary, China. Remote Sens. 9, 539.

Lu, J.B., Zhang, Y., 2013. Spatial distribution of an invasive plant Spartina alterniﬂora

and its potential as biofuels in China. Ecol. Eng. 52, 175–181.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The article does not provide specific information about the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in their deep learning pipeline. However, some common regularization techniques used in deep learning include Dropout, L1 Regularization, and L2 Regularization.

Dropout is a technique where randomly selected neurons are ignored during training, which helps to make the model more robust by preventing complex co-adaptations on training data.

L1 Regularization adds an absolute value of the magnitude of coefficient as penalty term to the loss function. This tends to produce sparse models, i.e., many of its weights are zero.

L2 Regularization adds the squared magnitude of coefficient as penalty term to the loss function. This tends to spread out weight values among all input features, reducing any single large contributor.

These techniques help to reduce overfitting by adding a cost to the complexity of the model, making it simpler and thus generalizing better to unseen data.