Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

In the following, we disclose all the details of the main data platform 
components, starting with the presentation of all data sources (Section 
3.2.1)  and  continuing  with  the  integration  and  enrichment  processes 
(Section 3.2.2), the validation and loading processes (Section 3.2.3), and 
concluding with the analytical fruition (Section 3.2.4). 

3.2.1. Data sources

Fig. 5. Overview of the data platform.  

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1027137(a)(b)(c)C. Forresi et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Table 1 
Summary of data sources.  

Source 

Monitoring network 
Satellite images 
Weather 
Environment 

Provider 

CASE 
ESA 
ARPAE 
CER 

Frequency 

Weekly 
2–3 days 
Daily 
Yearly 

Granularity 

Monitoring task 
100 km2 granule 
25 km2 cell 
Environmental element 

Yearly size 

5.2 MB 
370 GB 
6.5 GB 
4.3 GB  

The validated data is then loaded to the Access tier through an in-
cremental  ETL (extract, transform, and load) procedure acquiring the 
validated data from the Harbor tier. 

3.2.4. Analytical fruition

The results of these integration and enrichment activities are mate-
rialized in the Harbor tier of the data platform, which provides an in-
tegrated and comprehensive view of the available data at the finest level 
of detail. The relational schema of the integrated data is discussed in 
Appendix A.2. 

3.2.3. Validation and loading of enriched H. halys captures

Data availability 

Links to download data and code can be found within the paper 

Acknowledgements 

This work was supported by the regional project PSR 2014-2020 Op. 
16.1.01 - Go Pei-Agri Focus Area 4B Pr. “Cimice.Net”  during the field 
seasons 2020 and 2021. The project prosecution during the field season 
2022 was supported by the Emilia-Romagna Producers Organizations, 
thanks to the coordination of Ri.Nova.  

Appendix A. The data platform’s multi-layer storage 

Storage in the data platform is organized into three tiers, so as to logically separate the subsequent processing activities. In this section, we provide 

fine-grained details about the data stored in the different tiers. 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)10271316C. Forresi et al.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, it does not explicitly state where the data repository for the deep learning pipeline is available. However, there is a mention of links to download data and code being found within the paper. Therefore, I would recommend checking the original research paper or contacting the authors directly for more specific information regarding the location of the data repository.