Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

These may be inferred by combining more mechanistic models with the 
empirical laboratory experiments (e.g. Guarini et al., 2021). Given the 
availability of sensors and the fast development of technology, having 
big-data on valve gaping from a few sentinel organisms together with 
temperature  and  chlorophyll,  becomes  more  and  more  feasible  these 
days. Having such big-data should improve predictions on productivity, 
and be a major aid for aquaculture decision making, for multiple areas 
and species, especially in the context of ‘precision shellfish farming’. 

Funding

gaping is linked to key metabolic functions like filtering water necessary 
for feeding and respiration.

All  data  analysis  was  conducted  in  R  4.0.5  (R  Development  Core 
Team, 2021). Gaping data, expressed in proportion of aperture where 
0 is fully closed and 1 is fully opened, and recorded at 1 Hz (see Bertolini 
et al., 2021c), were averaged (mean) over 5 min in the Venice Lagoon 
and over 1 min in the Wadden Sea. This difference in averaging time was 
due to different lengths of deployment periods. Using 1 min averages 
would  make  the  Venice  files  too  large  to  easily  process,  while  in  the 
Wadden Sea this higher frequency was technical feasible. Daily curves of 
gaping for each sensor were then used as input in the analysis yielding 
1286 daily curves for the Venice Lagoon and 203 daily curves for the 
Wadden Sea.

also other bivalve species and other locations. This may go so far as even 
including  bivalves  in  offshore  environments.  Overall,  this  would 
improve bioenergetic models, where clearance and respiration terms are 
inherently  linked  with  gaping.  The  current  formulations  of  models 
however do not account for linkages with food, aside from considering a 
half saturation constant, nor the different degrees of daily oscillations. 
Further  experimentation,  under  constrained  lab  conditions,  linking 
gaping activity with actual clearance rate and respiration rates under 
different  settings  will  also  help  devising  indices  that  could  be  then 
extrapolated to use gaping directly in the models. An indication of en-
ergy consumption during valve movement would also be useful to infer 
the  consequences of  having  a more or less  pronounced  amplitudes of 
gaping, to better formulate this term in energetic based growth models.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model are optimized. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this specific query.