Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Table 6 
Comparison of two model parameters and detection efficiency.  

Algorithm 

Parameters 
(M) 

FLOPs 
(G) 

File size 
(MB) 

Inference time on 
RTX 3060 (ms/ 
image) 

The algorithm of 
this study 
YOLOv5l 

28.03 

46.5 

37.0 

54.03 

109.1 

90.6 

5.9 

9.7  

Fig. 10. Comparison of two model parameters and detection efficiency.  

with  other  algorithms  are  shown  in  Table  5.  Even  compared  to  the 
YOLOv8 method, it has the same level of detection accuracy on the data 
used in this study. Also, the number of parameters is 36% smaller, and 
FLOPs are 77.6% smaller.

shortened the inference time on RTX 3060 by 54%. This indicates that 
the algorithm is lightweight, achieves an accuracy comparable to state- 
of-the-art methods, and is more suitable for marine zoobenthos recog-
nition tasks.

significantly  reduce  model  complexity  while  ensuring  detection 
accuracy.

speed is increased by 11 times, and the number of parameters is reduced 
by  1/6.8  (Tan  and  Le,  2021).  Based  on  this  network,  we  designed  a 
backbone  to  improve  the  training  speed  of  the  model  while  ensuring 
detection accuracy and speed.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information about how the hyperparameters of the model were optimized using techniques such as grid search or random search. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful response based on the available information.