Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Evaluation and Performance Metrics for Machine Learning and Computer Vision.
https://doi.org/10.13140/RG.2.2.14331.69928. https://www.researchgate.net
/publication/374558675_A_Consolidated_Overview_of_Evaluation_and_Performa
nce_Metrics_for_Machine_Learning_and_Computer_Vision. URL:

Schlüter, J., 2021. Learning to monitor birdcalls FromWeakly-labeled focused

recordings. In: Faggioli, G., Ferro, N., Joly, A., Maistro, M., Piroi, F. (Eds.),
Proceedings of the Working Notes of CLEF 2021 - Conference and Labs of the
Evaluation Forum, CEUR-WS.org, Bucharest, Romania. Pp. 1–12. URL: https://www.
ceur-ws.org/Vol-2936/paper-139.pdf.

Selvaraju, R.R., Cogswell, M., Das, A., Vedantam, R., Parikh, D., Batra, D., 2016. Grad-

CAM: Why Did you Say that? URL: https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.07450.

Selvaraju, R.R., Cogswell, M., Das, A., Vedantam, R., Parikh, D., Batra, D., 2017. Grad-

The evaluated augmentation techniques consistently exhibited the
same qualitative effects across all three of our deep learning models.
Specifically, if the performance of an augmentation set improved for one
model, it also improved for the other two, and vice versa. However,
further research is needed to determine if this observation can be
generalized. For optimizing augmentation strategies, a more effective
approach would be to use only the least computationally intensive
models, e.g., DenseNet-161 or ResNet-50. The best combined augmen-
tations would then be applied to the best-performing model (ViT-B/16).
In our future work, we plan on focusing on the creation of so-called
no-call classifiers with training samples that do not contain bird events
in general. For this purpose, as well as to explore different transformer-
based models with improved prediction scores, encompassing, i.a., data-
efficient image transformers (DeiT) as well as hybrid transformers (Han

training or validation progress could be observed. To fine-tune our ViT
models, we deployed ImageNet-based weights for pretraining.

For the ViT models, we adapted the approach of pretraining deep
bidirectional transformers for language understanding (BERT) by Devlin
et al. (2018) for birdsong classification. Table 3 provides an overview of
the investigated ViT models with their respective parameterizations.
ViT-S/16, for example, denotes a ViT variant of reduced complexity with
an input patch size of 16 × 16. The sequence length of the transformer
models is inversely proportional to the square of the provided patch size.
In the following, ViT-B/16 is further investigated as it strikes a balance
between general model complexity and classification performance.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, the provided context does not explicitly mention any specific evaluation metrics used to assess the performance of the deep learning models discussed in the text. Typically, common evaluation metrics for machine learning and computer vision tasks include accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curves, and area under the curve (AUC), among others. These metrics help quantify the effectiveness of a model in making accurate predictions or classifications based on its learned representations from the given dataset. Without explicit information regarding the evaluation metrics employed in this case, I cannot provide a definitive answer.