Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

distance sampling to improve estimates of national population sizes for common and 
widespread breeding birds in the UK. J. Appl. Ecol. 45, 1330–1338. 

Nolan, V., Scott, C., Yeiser, J., Wilhite, N., Howell, P.E., Ingram, D., Martin, J.A., 2022. 
The development of a convolutional neural network for the automatic detection of 
Northern Bobwhite Colinus virginianus covey calls. J. Remote Sens. Ecol. 9, 46–61. 
Patterson, B.R., Murray, D.L., 2008. Flawed population viability analysis can result in 
misleading population assessment: a case study for wolves in Algonquin park, 
Canada. Biol. Conserv. 141, 669–680. 

Perez-Arteaga, A., Jackson, S.F., Carrera, E., 2005. Priority sites for wildfowl 

conservation in Mexico. Animal Cons. 8, 41–50.

Recordings were analyzed using a previously developed CNN model 
(Nolan  et  al., 2022)  trained on covey call  spectrogram data collected 
separately to this study from Di-Lane and other sites around Georgia and 
Alabama,  USA.  Our  covey  call  acoustic  CNN  is  trained  to  detect  and 
localize all covey calls per ARU during the recording period and note 
their associated time and peak power (dB). We chose to use a relatively 
conservative  score  threshold  echoing  that  of  other  similar  studies 
ˇ
Sirovi´c, 2021; Ruff et al., 2020), where only calls that 
(Rasmussen and 
received a score of 0.95 or higher were officially classified as a positive 
bobwhite detection. All CNN detections at a 0.95 score threshold from a 
random sample of five one-hour files from each year were then manually 
reviewed to evaluate model accuracy and to calculate a false positive 
rate “i.e. how many calls were incorrectly labelled as bobwhite”. Across

Markovian transience or dispersal. Popul. Ecol. 58, 53–62. 

Ruff, Z.J., Lesmeister, D.B., Duchac, L.S., Padmaraju, B.K., Sullivan, C.M., 2020. 

Automated identification of avian vocalizations with deep convolutional neural 
networks. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6, 79–92. 

Rusk, J.P., Hern´andez, F., Arredondo, J.A., Hern´andez, F., Bryant, F.C., Hewitt, D.G., 

Redeker, E.J., Brennan, L.A., Bingham, R.L., 2007. An evaluation of survey methods 
for estimating northern bobwhite abundance in southern Texas. J. Wildl. Manag. 71, 
1336–1343. 

Sebasti´an-Gonz´alez, E., Camp, R.J., Tanimoto, A.M., de Oliveira, P.M., Lima, B.B., 

Marques, T.A., Hart, P.J., 2018. Density estimation of sound-producing terrestrial 
animals using single automatic acoustic recorders and distance sampling. Avian Cons 
13, 7. 

Shonfield, J., Bayne, E., 2017. Autonomous recording units in avian ecological research: 

current use and future applications. Avian Conserv. Ecol 12.

then be retrained, or used as-is, to detect the target species of interest. 
Training a CNN for acoustic detection is also becomingly increasingly 
more  accessible  as  researchers  develop  and  publish  their  models,  for

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The provided context does not contain specific information about the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or optimizer. However, it mentions that a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) was used for the automatic detection of Northern Bobwhite Colinus virginianus covey calls (Nolan et al., 2022). This CNN was trained on covey call spectrogram data collected separately from various locations in Georgia and Alabama, USA. The model was designed to detect and localize all covey calls per ARU (Acoustic Recording Unit) during the recording period and note their associated time and peak power (dB). It employed a conservative score threshold of 0.95 or higher for classifying positive bobwhite detections, which aligns with similar studies (Sirović, 2021; Ruff et al., 2020). Unfortunately, without further details regarding the training process, I cannot provide specific hyperparameter values used in the deep learning model.