Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

To run an XGBoost model, neo-channels and multiple texture ﬁlters were used. The
ﬁlters were: dissimilarity, entropy, homogeneity and mean. Input of 64 × 64 windows
were used for labeling the central pixel. The training data were the same as for the Deep
Learning architectures.

3.3. Deep Learning Architectures

The internal parameters of the employed Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
architectures were not changed with regards to the originally proposed ones. A CNN [40]
is a machine learning technique based on sequences of layers of three different types:
convolutional, pooling or fully connected layers. Convolution and fully connected layers
are usually followed by an element-wise, non-linear activation function.

All architectures were trained with stochastic gradient descent using a similar protocol,
with a momentum of 0.9 and starting from an initial learning rate of 10−2. Every 20 epochs,
the learning rate is divided by 10 until reaching 10−6.

Neural networks do not perform well when trained with unbalanced data sets [41]. In
the case of “central-pixel labeling” architectures it is possible to make balanced data sets
with the initial pixels selection used for the learning. In the case of “semantic labeling” the
composition of the images makes it more difﬁcult to precisely control the number of pixels
per class. We tried several methods, but found negligible differences in performance. All
reported experiments use the median frequency balancing method.

3.3.1. Central-Pixel Labeling

3.4. Sampling Method

The SPOT6 satellite data for our ﬁve study areas were preprocessed to be fed into the
different Deep Learning architectures and the XGBoost model. First, the data were split
into three mutually exclusive parts: a learning set, a validation set and a test set totally
independent of the two previous ones.

Four of the ﬁve areas were used for learning and validation. The last, isolated scene
was then used as the test set. It contained all the classes for the two nomenclatures, the ﬁve
LC classes, and the 12 LU classes. In addition, this image contained all the environments
representing the New Caledonian landscape: urban, mining, mountainous and forest
environment with variations from the coastline to the inland mountain areas. It is on this
entire scene that the ﬁnal confusion matrix and quality metrics were computed.

40.32%
35.97%
46.56%
50.21%
38.75%
50.40%
48.38%

For the LU detection task, all deep learning techniques except AlexNet outperformed
XGBoost. Differences were signiﬁcant, with up to 15 percent points in OA. As in the
previous section, the best performing “single-pixel” architecture is DenseNet and the best
“semantic labeling” network is DeepLab. Interestingly, DenseNet reached the best PA,
although DeepLab dominated the remaining metrics.

For the remainder of this study, the best performing “single-pixel” and “semantic
labeling” were selected. There was little difference between the architectures, so the
architectures with the best F1-score for the LU classiﬁcation were chosen arbitrarily.

4.3. Inﬂuence of Neo-Channels and Land Cover as Input on the Learning

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The text mentions that the deep learning models were trained using stochastic gradient descent with a momentum of 0.9 and an initial learning rate of 10^-2. Additionally, every 20 epochs, the learning rate was divided by 10 until reaching 10^-6. However, there is no explicit mention of the specific optimizer used. Therefore, we can only confirm that the learning rate schedule and momentum value were part of the hyperparameters used during training.