Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source software platform (Abadi et al. 2016) 
that supports deep learning research and applications, having been 
released  by  researchers  at  Google  (Google  Brain  Team;  https://re-
search.google.com/teams/brain/).  We  adapted  and  configured 
TensorFlow  for  application  and  use  in  our  project  via  Python. We 
adjusted  two  parameters  from  their  default  values:  validation  per-
centage and number of training steps. Although the default setting 
for validation percentage was 10%, given small numbers of images 
available for some species, we had to increase this number to 16%. 
For number of training steps, although the default value was 4000 
steps,  we  explored  different  numbers  and  compared  the  results  to 
find  the  optimum  balance  between  computing  time  and  classifica-
tion efficiency.

Key words: Chagas disease, TensorFlow, deep learning, Triatominae, automated species identification

Vector-borne Chagas disease is endemic to the Americas and imposes significant economic and social burdens 
on public health. In a previous contribution, we presented an automated identification system that was able 
to discriminate among 12 Mexican and 39 Brazilian triatomine (Hemiptera: Reduviidae) species from digital 
images. To explore the same data more deeply using machine-learning approaches, hoping for improvements 
in classification, we employed TensorFlow, an open-source software platform for a deep learning algorithm. 
We trained the algorithm based on 405 images for Mexican triatomine species and 1,584 images for Brazilian 
triatomine  species.  Our  system  achieved  83.0  and  86.7%  correct  identification  rates  across  all  Mexican  and 
Brazilian  species,  respectively,  an  improvement  over  comparable  rates  from  statistical  classifiers  (80.3  and

deep learning? Cell Syst. 2: 12–14.

Ramsey, J. M., M. Elizondo-Cano, G. Sanchez-González, A. Peña-Nieves, and 
A. Figueroa-Lara. 2014. Opportunity cost for early treatment of Chagas 
disease in Mexico. Plos Negl. Trop. Dis. 8: e2776.

Ramsey,  J.  M.,  A.  T.  Peterson,  O.  Carmona-Castro,  D.  A.  Moo-Llanes,  Y. 
Nakazawa, M. Butrick, E. Tun-Ku, K. d. la Cruz-Félix, and C. N. Ibarra-
Cerdeña.  2015.  Atlas  of  Mexican  Triatominae  (Reduviidae:  Hemiptera) 
and  vector  transmission  of  Chagas  disease.  Mem.  Inst.  Oswaldo  Cruz. 
110: 339–352.

Schmidhuber, J. 2015. Deep learning in neural networks: an overview. Neural 

Netw. 61: 85–117.

Schofield, C. J., J. Jannin, and R. Salvatella. 2006. The future of Chagas disease 

control. Trends Parasitol. 22: 583–588.

Coura, J. R., and P. A. Viñas. 2010. Chagas disease: a new worldwide chal-

Sinkins, S. P., and F. Gould. 2006. Gene drive systems for insect disease vectors. 

lenge. Nature. 465: S6–S7.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the code repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the specific location or URL of the code repository for the deep learning pipeline used in this study is not explicitly mentioned within the provided context. Therefore, it is not possible to determine where the code repository is located without additional information. It could be hosted on platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, or BitBucket, but further details are required to provide a definitive answer.