Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

produced	 poorer	 behavioural	 predictions,	 further	 demonstrating	 the	

structed	the	deep	learning	models	in	r	using	H2O	and	conducted	the	

BROWNING et al. 2041210x, 2018, 3, Downloaded from https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/2041-210X.12926 by Thuringer Universitats- Und, Wiley Online Library on [16/11/2023]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons Licensecomparative	modelling.	E.B.	and	R.F	wrote	the	manuscript.	All	authors	

contributed	to	editing	of	the	manuscript.	R.F.	and	M.B.	supervised	this	

work.

DATA ACC ESSI BILITY

GPS	track	data	used	in	the	analysis	are	available	at	(http://seabirdtrack-

ing.org/mapper/contributor.php?contributor_id=950).	Other	data		used	

within	 the	 analysis	 (GPS	 &	 dive	 data,	 and	 associated	 matrices	 used

each	species.	The	models	were	then	used	to	predict	the	diving	loca-

tions	of	birds	monitored	with	only	GPS	devices.

2.4 | Alternative prediction methods

To	 compare	 predictions	 obtained	 from	 deep	 learning	 models	 with	

methods	 used	 in	 previous	 studies	 classifying	 foraging	 behaviour	 in	

seabirds	HMMs,	a	naïve	Bayes	classifier	and	speed	and	tortuosity	pre-

dictions	were	implemented	on	the	data	(see	Appendix	S8,	supporting	

information	for	details	of	the	latter).	The	Naïve	Bayes	classification,	a	

supervised	 learning	 method,	 was	 implemented	 in	 r	 using	 the	 e1071	

package	 (Meyer,	 Dimitriadou,	 Hornik,	 Weingessel,	 &	 Leisch,	 2015).	

The	inputs	were	the	same	as	used	in	the	H2O	model,	and	the	depend-

ent	 variable	 (variable	 to	 be	 predicted)	 was	 the	 binary	 dive/not	 dive	

column.

HMMs	 are	 an	 unsupervised	 learning	 method	 that	 identifies	 dis-

crete	 states	within	 time-	series	 data	 and	 have	 been	 used	 extensively

We	 accomplish	 this	 using	 supervised	 deep	 learning	 models.	 Deep	

F I G U R E   2  Example	of 	an	interpolated	GPS	track	collected	from	
a	single	razorbill	nesting	on	Colonsay	Island	off	the	east	coast	of	
Scotland	(RAZO0668).	The	location	of	the	colony	in	relation	to	the	
UK	is	shown.	The	green	dots	are	interpolated	GPS	locations,	and	the	
blue	open	circles	are	locations	where	dives	were	recorded	by	the	
TDR device

F I G U R E   1  The	locations	of 	colonies	where	European	shags	(a),	common	guillemots	(b)	and	razorbills	(c)	were	tracked	using	either,	GPS	and	
TDR	devices	(yellow	stars)	or	just	GPS	devices

predictor	as	missed	fixes	may	be	indicative	of	diving	and	the	models	

review)	 that	 remains	 largely	 unutilised,	 not	 only	 for	 seabirds	 but	 for	

trained	with	coverage	alone	were	in	the	top	four	for	all	three	species.	

other	 taxa	 as	well.	The	 robust	 deep	 learning	 models	 presented	 here	

Indeed	for	razorbills,	all	the	top	models	included	coverage	as	an	input.	

may	be	used	on	much	of	this	historical	GPS	data	in	order	to	determine	

It	should	be	noted	that	the	coverage	was	calculated	over	a	window	

foraging	locations,	providing	valuable	insight	into	patch	use	variation	

of	10	possible	points	(1,000	s),	whereas	the	window	the	model	pre-

over	time	and	indicating	seabird	responses	to	environmental	change.	

dicted	dives	in	was	50	points	(5,000	s).	This	implies	that	there	is	some	

Accurately	mapping	these	sites	is	key	for	identifying	candidate	MPAs	

interaction	 between	 the	 coverage	 over	a	 10-	point	window	within	 a

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it is not explicitly stated how the trained deep learning models were deployed after being constructed in R using H2O. However, common practices for deploying such models include model serialization or saving the model object, which can then be loaded into another environment or platform for making predictions. The choice of deployment strategy often depends on factors like computational resources, latency requirements, and integration with existing systems. Without more specific details about the study, it cannot be determined exactly what process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning models.