Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Node  importance  was  tested  in  the  resulting  structure  from  the 
connected MWST network. In this process, arc force was used to gain 
knowledge of the sensitivity of the relationships in the model. Arc force 
provides a Kullback-Leibler divergence measure based on the informa-
tion brought to a joint probability distribution when the arc is included 
or  removed  (Conrady  and  Jouffe,  2015).  The  Kullback-Leibler  diver-
gence is a standard statistical tool in information theory that is measures 
the proximity of two distributions. In this case, the network with the arc 

EcologicalInformatics82(2024)1026653J.F. Carriger and W.S. Fisher

The MWST-learned network was used for the final clustering of each 
group  of  variables.  The  connections  between  nodes  for  different  taxa 
variables  were  first  removed  so  that  only  within-taxon  connections 
remained (Fig. S2). The number of factors requested for variable clus-
tering was chosen based on the number of taxa. Multiple clustering was 
used to construct a new latent factor variable for each taxon, generating 
multiple  cluster  states  within  each  latent  factor  variable.  These  four 
latent variables were then themselves clustered to create a higher-level 
latent factor variable, a meta-cluster, that summarized the cluster states 
across  taxa.  This  meta-clustering  provides  a  hierarchical  clustering 
network that summarizes information on the coral reef community from 
the measured variables across taxa. This network also includes all factor 
nodes  and  observable  nodes  from  monitoring  data  so  it  provides  an

Fisher, W.S., 2007. Stony Coral Rapid Bioassessment Protocol. US Environmental 
Protection Agency Office of Research and Development, EPA/600/R-06/167, 
Washington, DC, 60 pp.  

Fisher, W.S., 2023. Relating fish populations to coral colony size and complexity. Ecol. 

Indic. 148, 110117, 10 pp.  

Fisher, W.S., Davis, W.P., Quarles, R.L., Patrick, J., Campbell, J.G., Harris, P.S., 

Hemmer, B.L., Parsons, M., 2007. Characterizing coral condition using estimates of 
three-dimensional colony surface area. Environmental Monitoring and Assessment 
125, 347–360. 

Fisher, W.S., Fore, L.S., Oliver, L.M., LoBue, C., Quarles, R.L., Campbell, J.G., Harris, P.S., 
Hemmer, B.L., Vickery, S., Parsons, M., Hutchins, A., Bernier, K., Rodriguez, D., 
Bradley, P., 2014. Regional status assessment of stony corals in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands. Environ. Monit. Assess. 186 (11), 7165–7181. https://doi.org/10.1007/ 
s10661-014-3918-z.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

John F. Carriger: Conceptualization, Formal analysis, Investigation, 
Methodology, Project administration, Validation, Visualization, Writing 
–  original  draft,  Writing  –  review  &  editing.  William  S.  Fisher: 
Conceptualization,  Data  curation,  Formal  analysis,  Investigation, 
Methodology,  Project  administration,  Resources,  Supervision,  Visuali-
zation, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors declare that they have no known competing financial 
interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence 
the work reported in this paper. 

Data availability 

Data will be posted online at EPA website 

Acknowledgments

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no mention of any specific code repository links related to a deep learning pipeline in the given context. Therefore, I cannot provide the required information.