Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

lies  in  exploring the  potential of  deep  learning and  machine  learning 
algorithms  for  enhancing  groundwater-climate  interactions  under-
standing and investigating the climatic hotspots implications within the 
sub-basins of the GAB region.

data (t) =

∑n

j=1

cjsj

(1) 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023545P.R. Kaushik et al.

up to two metres categorised into layers of 0 to 10 cm, 10 to 40 cm, 40 to 
100  cm, and 100  to 200 cm. In other words, rivers, lakes,  and water 
trapped below 2 m from the land are not covered by GLDAS-Noah (Bi 
et al., 2016). However, rivers and lakes were also not considered in our 
technique for estimating GWS due to the lack of notable surface water 
storage (<3%) change throughout the study region (Yan et al., 2017). In 
this study, SMS data was obtained using GLDAS observations from 2002 
to  2017.  GLDAS-derived  SMS  was  used  with  GRACE-derived  TWS  to 
quantify GWS variations across the region. 

Data 

Category 

Spatial 
resolution 

Temporal 
resolution 

Source 

3.4. Climate modes/indices/teleconnections 

TWS 

Hydrological 
component 

×

◦

0.25
0.25

◦

Monthly 

SMS 

GWS 

SPEI 

(3,6 
and 
12) 
ENSO 

NAO 

AMO 

PDO 

IOD 

Hydrological 
component 

Hydrological 
component 

Drought 
indicator 

Global climate 
index 

Global climate 
index

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023543P.R. Kaushik et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Table 1 
Summary of datasets (TWS, SMS, GWS, SPEI-3, 6 and 12, ENSO, NAO, AMO, 
PDO, IOD, Ni˜no 1 + 2, Ni˜no 3.0, Ni˜no 3.4, Ni˜no 4, NTA, STA, ETA) with their 
spatial  and  temporal  resolution  and  sources.  Here,  TWS  is  terrestrial  water 
storage,  SMS  is  soil  moisture  storage,  GWS  is  groundwater  storage,  SPEI  is 
standard  precipitation  evapotranspiration  index,  ENSO  is  El-Ni˜no  southern 
oscillation,  NAO  is  North  Atlantic  oscillation,  AMO  is  Atlantic  multidecadal 
oscillation, PDO is pacific decadal oscillation, IOD is Indian ocean dipole, NTA is 
North  Tropical  Atlantic,  STA  is  south  tropical  Atlantic  and  ETA  is  equatorial 
Atlantic.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide information on which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was used for this purpose based on the available information.