Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4.2.  Hyperparameters 

Hyperparameter tuning was done manually. As a starting point the 
learning rate was set as low as possible and the number of iterations as 
high as computationally feasible (Hastie et al., 2009). The learning rate, 
which is also called a shrinkage parameter, determines the contribution 
of each tree to the model. The maximum tree depth which reflects the 
degree of interaction in the model is usually low. GBRT performs best 
using fairly shallow trees, so-called tree stumps.

For the two-part split hyperparameters were tuned using grid search 
which performs an exhaustive search over specified parameter values 
for  an  estimator.  Grid  search  takes  a  set  of  possible  values  for  each 
hyperparameter that should be tuned and evaluates a model trained on 
each  element  of  the  Cartesian  product  of  the  sets. It  is  an  exhaustive 
search that trains and evaluates a model for each possible combination 
of  the  hyperparameter  values  supplied.  This  algorithm  automatically 
generates the validation sets internally. So there is no need to generate 
a validation set to select the best model.

For  the  RI  models  the  same  initial  parameters  were  set  for  the 
analysis of the CS and NW datasets, then a grid search was performed 
on both datasets with a two-part split to give hyperparameters with the 
highest level of accuracy. These were as following: learning rate 0.05 
and maximum tree depth of 4 for both the CS and the NW models. The 
early stopping technique was used to determine when to stop the model 
training  to  avoid  overfitting.  Using  early  stopping  the  number  of 
iterations required until convergence was 120 for CS and 106 for NW. 
Grid search was not required for a three-part splits, and further tuning 
of the parameters was done manually. 

For the RY models, in contrast to the RI models, the best performing 
models (based on MSE) were models with a slow learning rate of 0.005. 
Additionally, the NW model had a very shallow tree (tree depth of 2). 
The number of iterations was kept at 500.

The  tuned  hyperparameters  of  the  final  models  are  shown  in  

Table 2. 

2.4.3.  GAM modelling of most influential parameters 

The top four most influential variables from the GBRT models (as 
indicated by VI scores) were included in a series of generalised additive 

Table 2 
Tuned model parameters.       

Model 

splits 

Number of iterations 

Learning rate 

Tree depth  

RI CS 
RI CS 
RI NW 
RI NW 
RY CS 
RY NW 

2 
3 
2 
3 
2 
2 

120 
102 
106 
144 
500 
500 

0.05 
0.05 
0.01 
0.05 
0.005 
0.005 

4 
4 
6 
6 
8 
2 

Number of iterations was defined by early stopping. Subsample rate was 0.75% 
in  all  cases.  Parameters  for  2-part  split  were  defined  through  grid  search, 
whereas parameters for 3-part split were tuned manually.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "How are the hyperparameters of the model optimized (e.g., grid search, random search)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using different methods depending on the specific case. For the two-part split, hyperparameters were tuned using grid search, which performs an exhaustive search over specified parameter values for an estimator. Grid search takes a set of possible values for each hyperparameter that should be tuned and evaluates a model trained on each element of the Cartesian product of the sets. It is an exhaustive search that trains and evaluates a model for each possible combination of the hyperparameter values supplied. This algorithm automatically generates the validation sets internally, so there is no need to generate a validation set to select the best model.

On the other hand, for the RI models, the same initial parameters were set for the analysis of the CS and NW datasets, then a grid search was performed on both datasets with a two-part split to give hyperparameters with the highest level of accuracy. However, grid search was not required for a three-part split, and further tuning of the parameters was done manually.

In contrast, for the RY models, the best performing models (based on MSE) were models with a slow learning rate of 0.005. Additionally, the NW model had a very shallow tree (tree depth of 2). The number of iterations was kept at 500.

Therefore, it can be concluded that the optimization of hyperparameters depends on the specific requirements and characteristics of the dataset being analyzed.