Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.1. Data filtering

environmental  data  to  ecological  processes  (Chave,  2013;  Pettorelli 
et al., 2014).

We illustrate the value of GEE_xtract with a complex case concerning the seasonal distribution of a threatened 
elusive  bird  and  highlight  its  broad  application  to  a  myriad  of  ecological  phenomena.  Being  user-friendly 
designed and implemented in a widely used cloud platform (GEE), we believe our approach provides a major 
contribution  to  effectively  extracting  high-quality  data  that  can  be  quickly  computed  for  metrics  time  series, 
converted at any scale, and extracted from ground information. Additionally, the framework was prepared to 
facilitate comparative research initiatives and data-fusion approaches in ecological research.  

* Corresponding author at: CIBIO, Centro de Investigaç˜ao em Biodiversidade e Recursos Gen´eticos, InBIO Laborat´orio Associado, Campus de Vair˜ao, Universidade 

do Porto, Vair˜ao 4485-661, Portugal. 

E-mail address: fvalerio@cibio.up.pt (F. Valerio).

using 

The  first  step  (data  filtering)  involves  data  acquisition  and  masks 
application  (Fig.  1).  From  the  EECE,  users  can  retrieve  the  EOS  data 
catalogue  from  the  GEE  online  repository  (https://developers.google. 
com/earth-engine/datasets/), 
ee.ImageCollection() 
constructor. Constructor arguments must also be included, such as fil-
terDate, which limits the collection to a selected period, and the inner 
clip function that cuts it within a specific study area extent. The identi-
fied  public  image  series  (time  series)  may  be  preprocessed,  but  also 
undergo the previously mentioned QA bands-based masking processes 
for each satellite, through optionally implementable masking functions 
(in yellow as depicted below). 

the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

Answer: Based on the given context, there isn't enough information to provide the exact data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. However, the text mentions that users can retrieve the EOS data catalogue from the Google Earth Engine (GEE) online repository using the ee.ImageCollection() constructor. This suggests that the data might be available in the GEE online repository. You can access this repository by visiting <https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/>. Please note that without additional context or information about the specific dataset required, I cannot provide a more precise answer.