Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

structure as the one present in the encoder 

For more details on the theory of the elements discussed we refer the 
reader to the reference book (Goodfellow et al., 2016). This architecture 
involves  a  large  number  of  hyperparameters  related  to  the  different 
types of layers (convolutional or recurrent) and therefore a large number 
of  parameters.  As  a  reminder,  a  parameter  is  internal  to  the  neural 
network.  It  will  evolve  during  the  whole  training  process  A  hyper-
parameter is external to the training process, it defines the properties of 
the network. It remains static during the training process. 

The  HyperBand  algorithm  is  proposed  for  optimisation  and  is 

described in the next section.

hyperparameters for model architectures.  

2.  Partial training: Models are partially trained (on a small fraction of 
the data) to quickly eliminate underperforming configurations.  
3.  Successive Halving: The remaining configurations are grouped into 
sets of different sizes, and the associated models are trained further. 
The best-performing configurations in each set are promoted to the 
next  stage,  while 
the  under-performing  configurations  are 
eliminated. 

4. Repeat: Steps 2 and 3 are repeated until only one configuration re-
mains, which is then considered the best configuration found.

• CNN  window  size  (dim-filter-cnn)  ∈ [3, 4, 5, 6, 7].  The  convolution 
window size determines the size of the region over which convolu-
tion  is  applied  at  each  time  step.  It  is  important  to  choose  an 
appropriate window size to capture the relevant temporal patterns in 
the data.  

• the  number  of  filters  (nbr-filters-cnn)  ∈ [8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 64,
72, 80, 88, 96, 104, 112, 120, 128].The  number  of  filters  determines 
how many different patterns the network can learn. The higher the 
number of filters, the more complex the network can be, but this can 
also make training more difficult.

The key idea behind Hyperband is to explore several configurations 
in parallel while allocating more training resources to promising con-
figurations. This enables a more efficient search of the hyperparameter 
space, particularly when computational resources are limited. In sum-
mary, Hyperband combines an initial random search with a ‘successive 
halving’  strategy  to  quickly  identify  promising  configurations  while 
eliminating those that show inferior performance. 

The  detail  of  the  grid  of  possible  combinations  is  presented.  The 
number of convolution layers is lower than that given in the article, the 
network has two convolution layers. Their size and the associated max- 
pooling will be determined in the following interval for each:

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: I apologize, but there isn't any information about specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline within the provided context. However, generally speaking, common data annotation techniques include bounding box annotation, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, polygon annotation, landmark annotation, and key point annotation. These techniques help label various types of datasets, such as images, videos, text, and audio, enabling machine learning algorithms to understand and interpret them effectively.