Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025944Z. Chen et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Fig. 2. Flowchart of the processing steps of the proposed approach.  

Fig. 3. Structure of the DeepLabV3+ algorithm.  

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025945Z. Chen et al.

During the DeepLabV3+ model training process, feeding large-size 
images directly to the network may lead to memory overflow. There-
fore, it is necessary to cut all remote sensing images and semantic labels 
of land cover classes into a series of regular image blocks for input. To 
maximize the sample size and maintain consistency with the cropping 
approach in the model prediction stage, we set the cropping size to 32 ×
32  pixels  with  a  redundancy  rate  of  0.5.  In  continuing,  70%  of  the 
dataset  was  used  for  training  and  the  remaining  for  validation.  The 
training set was enhanced by: (i) Flipping the images and labels along 
the X or Y axis; (ii) Exchanging between multiple image channels while 
the  labels remain unchanged; (iii)  Randomly rotating  the images and 
◦
labels by 90
; and (iv) randomly adding noise to the 
images  while  maintaining  the  labels  unchanged  (Ye  et  al.,  2022).

3.1. DeepLabV3+ algorithm 

DeepLabV3+ is a CNN algorithm for semantic segmentation, which 
is the latest version of the DeepLab algorithms family (Scepanovic et al., 
2021).  In  the  encoding  stage,  DeepLabV3+ introduces  dilated  convo-
lutions,  which expands  the  receptive field  without losing information 
(Fig.  3).  The  Atrous  spatial  pyramid  pooling  module  with  dilated 
convolution  has  been  mainly  designed  to  appropriately  incorporate 
multi-scale information. During decoding, it is capable of enhancing the 
accuracy  of  segmentation  boundaries  by  further  integrating  low-level 
features with high-level features (Liu et al., 2021a).

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

Tradeoffs among multi-source remote sensing images, spatial resolution, 
and accuracy for the classification of wetland plant species and surface 
objects based on the MRS_DeepLabV3+ model 

Zizhen Chen a, Jianjun Chen a, b, c,d, *, Yuemin Yue b,d, Yanping Lan a, Ming Ling a, Xinhong Li a, 
Haotian You a, c, Xiaowen Han a,c, Guoqing Zhou a,c 
a College of Geomatics and Geoinformation, Guilin University of Technology, Guilin 541004, China 
b Key Laboratory of Agro-ecological Processes in Subtropical Region, Institute of Subtropical Agriculture, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Changsha 410125, China 
c Guangxi Key Laboratory of Spatial Information and Geomatics, Guilin University of Technology Guilin 541004, China 
d Huanjiang Observation and Research Station for Karst Eco-systems, Huanjiang 547100, China   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide any information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate answer to this query.