Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

On the other hand, transformers are the most frequently deployed 
techniques in natural language processing (NLP) (Vaswani et al., 2017). 
Researchers  are now exploring the capability of transformers  in com-
puter  vision  and  remote  sensing,  given  their  huge  success  in  the  lan-
guage domain. They have recently proven to be practical in a variety of 
applications,  including  the  classification  of  remote  sensing  imagery 
(Bazi et al., 2021; D. Hong et al., 2021; J. He et al., 2020). Transformers 
utilize  an  attention-based  approach  rather  than  using  convolutional 
operations utilized by CNNs. As such, transformers, unlike CNNs, can 
acquire global contextual knowledge through self-attention. This means 
that transformers have a better generalization capability as compared to 
CNN algorithms. For example, the state-of-the-art vision transformer of 
Swin Transformer incorporates a hierarchical transformer with shifting

Many  ecosystems,  particularly  wetlands,  are  significantly  degraded  or  lost  as  a  result  of  climate  change  and 
anthropogenic  activities.  Simultaneously,  developments  in  machine  learning,  particularly  deep  learning 
methods, have greatly improved wetland mapping, which is a critical step in ecosystem monitoring. Yet, present 
deep  and  very deep  models necessitate  a greater  number  of  training data, which  are costly,  logistically  chal-
lenging,  and  time-consuming  to  acquire.  Thus,  we  explore  and  address  the  potential  and  possible  limitations 
caused  by  the  availability  of  limited  ground-truth  data  for  large-scale  wetland  mapping.  To  overcome  this 
persistent  problem  for  remote  sensing  data  classification  using  deep  learning  models,  we  propose  3D  UNet 
Generative Adversarial Network Swin Transformer (3DUNetGSFormer) to adaptively synthesize wetland training

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

3DUNetGSFormer: A deep learning pipeline for complex wetland mapping 
using generative adversarial networks and Swin transformer

Fig.  8. Wetland  classification  maps  in  pilot  site  of  a)  Avalon,  Grand  Falls-Windsor,  and  Gros  Morne  National  Park  using  b)  Vision  Transformer  (ViT),  c)  Swin 
Transformer, d) CoAtNet, and e) proposed end-to-end algorithm. 

EcologicalInformatics72(2022)1019048A. Jamali et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

Fig. 9. Examples of extracted features of an Urban (road) object utilizing three convolutional layers of the CNN network.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The paper does not provide explicit information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions the use of ground-truth data for wetland mapping, which suggests that some form of image labeling was employed. The authors also discuss the challenges associated with acquiring sufficient labeled data due to its high cost and time consumption. Given these constraints, it is likely that the researchers used efficient annotation methods like bounding boxes or polygons to delineate areas of interest within the images. Instance segmentation could also have been applied if individual objects needed to be identified separately within each class. Nevertheless, without further details from the study, one cannot definitively determine the exact annotation techniques used.