Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

rogates  (100  surrogates)  and  a  significance  level  of  1%. The  network 
computation considered lagged information (τ = 1 to 12, i.e., 6 h).

EcologicalInformatics79(2024)1024469L. Khadke et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Fig. 6. (a) – (c) shows the average transfer entropy (TE) bits information of 104 weeks of two years at different lags for net ecosystem exchange (NEE), ecosystem 
respiration (RE), and latent heat (LH), respectively (d) – (e) implies the average number of TE links of 104 weeks for NEE, RE, and LH at different lags.

We  used  a  TIPNet-based  process  network  approach  and  identified 
causal  links  between  variables  in  the  pine-dominated  ecosystem.  We 
considered a maximum memory duration of the variables up to 6 h to 
focus on sub-daily scale processes. Similar to Supplementary Fig. 4, we 
computed the contributions of 6-h variability to within-week variability 
(for each week), and the results are shown in Fig. 3. NEE has variance 
ratios around 20–40% across 104 weeks with relatively high values in 
DJF; hence, the sub-daily signals cannot be ignored. The total variability 
is highly modulated by sub-daily variabilities of SH, LH, NEE, WS, and P, 
whereas such contributions are poor for VPD, RE, NSR, and RH. Inter-
estingly, the variability of TA is impacted by sub-daily variabilities only 
in  the  monsoon  season,  possibly  due  to  the  influence  of  P  in  the 
ecosystem.  Therefore,  the  present  study  shows  the  sub-daily  scale  in-

The present research used flux tower measurements of the western 
Himalayan pine-dominated ecosystem (Pinus roxburghii) at a temporal 
resolution  of  30  min  for  two  continuous  years  (December  2014  to 
November  2016).  This  pioneering  study  employs  the  information- 
theoretic  approach  to  develop  eco-hydrological  process  networks  for 
the  pine-dominated  ecosystem  of  the  Himalayas.  These  process  net-
works  illustrate  the  response  of  ecosystems  across  various  temporal 
scales (Supplementary Fig. 1 (a)). We used the Temporal Information 
Partitioning Network (TIPNet) approach (Goodwell and Kumar, 2017a; 
Goodwell and Kumar, 2017b) to investigate the following objectives: (1) 
identifying  the  contributions  of  sub-daily  scale  (6  h)  variability  in 
creating  within-week  variability  by  generating  weekly  process  net-
works, (2) recognizing the dominant causal hydrometeorological vari-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there isn't any direct mention or discussion about handling randomness in the deep learning pipeline, including the use of random seed values. However, some common strategies to manage randomness in deep learning pipelines include fixing the random seed value, using deterministic algorithms, and employing techniques like cross-validation and ensemble methods to reduce the impact of randomness on model performance.

I apologize for not being able to provide a more specific answer based on the given context.