Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

identiﬁcation. Methods Ecol. Evol. 9, 2216–2225.

Yosinski, J., Clune, J., Bengio, Y., Lipson, H. How transferable are features in deep
neural networks? Advances in neural information processing systems, 2014, pp.
3320–3328.

factors: network architecture, protocol type of image acquisition
(Martineau et al., 2017), and robustness of input matrix (number
of entities and replicates). Our choice to use a ResNet-50 network
architecture, in combination with transfer learning, data augmen-
tation, and dropout proved appropriate for the current number of
taxa in our demonstration dataset. ResNet-50 network architecture
represents a midsize solution in the ResNet palette (18, 34, 50, 101,
152 layers) that combines both representation power and lower
complexity that allows relatively fast training of the models. How-
ever, the protocol for image acquisition inﬂuences the complexity
of features, which will be processed by CNNs. Controlled object
position during the collection of images can also govern the level
of feature variability. Our dataset was constructed under the lab-
based protocol of image acquisition with fully controlled position
of the larvae (ventral point of view). This was not the case in pre-

2014), which is suggested for relatively small datasets such as ours
(Ng et al., 2015; Peng et al., 2018). The CNN model (Fig. 2) is trained
using a two-stage process. In the ﬁrst stage only a top classiﬁer
(fully connected layer) is trained based on features extracted from
processing images with a pretrained convolutional part of the net-
work. In the second stage, an adjustment of the network in a ﬁne-
tuned manner (using smaller learning rates) is done by training it
as a whole. A two phase approach was used to speed up the process
by preserving pretrained encoder weights in the ﬁrst phase of the
training and achieve optimal model performance using the second
phase. We also applied data augmentation by randomly deforming
input images in each training cycle due to the small sample size.
Additionally, dropout techniques (Hinton et al., 2012) were applied
to extracted features to enhance model robustness.

cies level (Table 2). The network performed surprisingly well con-
sidering the ImageNet dataset does not contain any similar object
(e.g., does not contain non-biting midges). As expected, the results
further improved when ﬁne-tuning was applied in the second
training phase, where the whole network was trained allowing
the model to learn additional features speciﬁc to our dataset.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text mentions that data augmentation was applied by randomly deforming input images in each training cycle. However, it does not specify the exact techniques used for this purpose. Common data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, and adding noise or filters to images. These techniques help increase the amount of training data available and improve the generalization ability of the model.