Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

data collection and curation phases.

Yu, F., Koltun, V., 2016. Multi-scale context aggregation by dilated convolutions. In: In 
4th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2016, San Juan, 
Puerto Rico, May 2-4, 2016, Conference Track Proceedings. 

Tan, X.L., Chen, J.L., Benelli, G., Desneux, N., Yang, X.Q., Liu, T.X., Ge, F., 2017. Pre- 

Zhong, Y., Gao, J., Lei, Q., Zhou, Y., 2018. A vision-based counting and recognition 

infestation of tomato plants by aphids modulates transmission-acquisition 

system for flying insects in intelligent agriculture. Sensors 18 (5), 1489. 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)10238411

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect 

Ecological Informatics 

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf 

A deep learning-based pipeline for whitefly pest abundance estimation on 
chromotropic sticky traps 

Luca Ciampi a, *, Valeria Zeni b, Luca Incrocci b, Angelo Canale b, Giovanni Benelli b, 
Fabrizio Falchi a, Giuseppe Amato a, Stefano Chessa c 
a Institute of Information Science and Technologies of the National Research Council of Italy (ISTI-CNR), Pisa, Italy 
b Department of Agriculture, Food and Environment of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy 
c Department of Computer Science of the University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy   

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Smart agriculture 
Smart farming 
Integrated pest management 
Computer vision 
Object counting 
Visual counting

Fig. 3. Generated ground-truth. Ground-truth required for the training phase is derived from dot labels by leveraging distinct procedures depending on the specific 
deep learning model PCθ  being employed:: (i) bounding boxes are generated by creating squares centered over the dots with a fixed side length s, (ii) density maps are 
produced by overlaying Gaussian kernels Gσ  centered at the dot positions, and (iii) segmentation maps are generated by superimposing dot-centered discs having 
radius r and splitting overlapping discs using a background ridge. The parameters s, σ, and r are constants that are established based on the standard object sizes 
prevalent in the images. Best viewed in electronic format.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The information regarding the availability or location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline mentioned in the given context is not explicitly stated. Therefore, it cannot be determined where the data repository is available. It could potentially be found in one of the repositories mentioned in the query such as Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, or GBIF, but without further information, this remains speculative.