Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The nature of the data and the deployment method also influence the 
detection,  classification,  and  tracking  model  to  use  in  the  context  of 
processing time requirements. Edge computing may have limitations on

the  shortcut  connections  within  the  network  that  makes  the  training 
faster; bottleneck architecture which consists of a 1 × 1 convolutional 
layer  for  dimension  reduction,  3  × 3  convolution  layer  for  feature 
extraction, and another 1 × 1 convolutional layer for dimension resto-
ration;  shortcut  connections  which  allows  gradients  to  flow  directly 
through  the  network  due  to  the  input  added  directly  to  the  output; 
global  average  pooling  (GAP)  which  computes  spatial  average  of  the 
feature  maps  at  the  end  section  of  the  convolutional  layer;  and  skip 
connections which bypass multiple residual blocks. On the other hand, 
InceptionV3 is a 48-layer 24 CNN containing 24 × 106 parameters with 
enhancement using label smoothing and factorized convolutional layers 
in order to easily propagate the information from the input to the output 
section. For all image-based pre-trained networks, the purpose of CNN

Having  this  in  mind  in  the  present  work  we  aim  to  evaluate  the 

EcologicalInformatics78(2023)1023443R. Concepcion II et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 3. Simplified architectures of EfficientNet-B0, ResNet101, MobileNetv2, and InceptionV3 in developing traceability model with outputs of sampling locations 
(Lm, Mo, Ob, Ta, and RF). The blue blocks in the mid-section of InceptionV3 architecture pertain to the instances where the blocked initial layers are passed through. 
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)

means the images where the extracted numerical features were used in 
Approach 1 during training were the exact images used in training in

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which platform was used to deploy the deep learning model (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud platform)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no explicit mention or indication of the specific platform used to deploy the deep learning model. Therefore, it cannot be determined whether AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or any other platform was utilized for deployment.