Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

diversify  the  training  data,  and  the  3-s  window  length  enables  the 
implementation of this data augmentation method.

followed  the  original  Wide  ResNet  design.  Our  downsampling  blocks 
employed the changes suggested in (Xie et al., 2018). The third and final 
component, the classification block, was derived from (Schlüter, 2018) 
and resulted in probability predictions for all 987 classes per second (i. 
e., three predictions per 3-s input spectrogram) followed by global log- 
mean-exponential  pooling  and  sigmoid  activation.  Most  convolutions 
use 3 × 3 kernels with padding and are succeeded by batch normali-
zation  (Ioffe  and  Szegedy,  2015)  and  ReLU  activation  (if  not  noted 
differently).  Because  we  treated  spectrograms  as  monochrome  input 
images, the input was a single channel mel spectrogram of size 64 × 384, 
visualizing three seconds of audio at a sampling rate of 48 kHz. 

2.5. Training

overall process mostly followed current best practices in deep learning 
which are well summarized in (Chollet, 2017).

Here  we  present  a  new  algorithm,  called  BirdNET,  that  builds  on 
these previous successes using CNNs and spectrogram data to classify 
984  bird  species.  We  discuss  the  necessary  steps  required  to  develop 
such a system and provide insights into our training and testing work-
flow of a deep artificial neural network. Finally, we give an outlook on 
how  this  technology  can  support  ornithologists  and  conservation  bi-
ologists in their work to identify and address the environmental chal-
lenges of our time. 

2. Methods

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Where is the data repository of the deep learning pipeline available (e.g., Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not explicitly mention where the data repository of the deep learning pipeline is available. However, it provides information about the components used in building the BirdNET algorithm, which includes diversifying the training data, employing changes suggested in (Xie et al., 2018), deriving the classification block from (Schlüter, 2018), and treating spectrograms as monochrome input images. It also mentions that the overall training process followed current best practices in deep learning. Unfortunately, without additional context, I cannot determine the exact location of the data repository for the deep learning pipeline.