Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

workflow  can  compensate  for  some  of  these  biases  –  through  data 
classification  and  spatio-temporal  aggregation  –  mainly  when  large 
input datasets are used. Generally, it is worth noting that all big data 
processing methods are approximate, but they can discover general and 
valuable knowledge if the approximation is tolerated within the appli-
cation context (Coro, 2020b).

At the time of writing, global-scale GFW data were downloadable for 
scientific purposes for the 2012–2016 period only. GFW distributes 
◦
vessel  data  aggregated  at  0.01
resolutions  with  fishing 
activity cells already classified through a machine learning model.

EcologicalInformatics64(2021)1013848G. Coro et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

stocks  or  non-stocks  in  the  fishing  cells.  This  operation  is  achieved 
through a direct query to the SPARQL endpoint of the GRSF semantic 
knowledge base (i-Marine, 2020). 

FP|s =

Overall, this process can be summarised as follows:  

∑C

∑C

c=1fah|s(c)
c=1(associated(c, s))

In summary, this algorithm associates information on stocks, species 
variety, and threatening status to the fishing hours of each cell in the 
studied area. 

2.3. Estimating fishing pressure on stocks and other species 

Fishing pressure per stock is here defined as the number of fishing 

hours per cell where the stock occurs:

3.  One table reporting the list of species possibly involved in the fishing 
activities. For each species, the table specifies: (i) taxonomic infor-
mation,  (ii)  the  number  of  occurrence  records  in  the  fishing  loca-
tions, (iii) the total fishing hours in the observation locations, (iv) if 
the species is a stock in the study area, (v) if the species is threatened 
according to the IUCN Red List, and (vi) if the species is potentially 
highly impacted by the fishing activity. 

The  next  sections  explain  the  computational  details  and  the  input 

parameter roles. 

Three additional input parameters are required, which are used to 

keep the analysis consistent:  

2.1. Classifying vessel activity 

• Spatial  Resolution:  The  spatial  aggregation  of  the  data  analysis. 

◦
Default value is 0.5

;  

• Minimum  Number  of  Records:  The  minimum  number  of  species

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no mention of any specific hyperparameters used in a deep learning model such as learning rate or optimizer. Therefore, it is not possible to provide an accurate answer to this query based solely on the provided context.