Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4. Discussion 

4.1. GEE + Reclassification method 

4.1.1. Performance of the reclassification model

18. Select Mining Pixels Above 3 pixel sizes (PROCESS) - In order to remove the influence of isolated, small, misclassified pixels (that are usually 
1–2 pixels in size), the minimum size of a mine for this step of the model was deemed as 3 pixels in size (or > 2700 m2 in a Landsat Image). It is a 
common occurrence in LULC classification maps, especially those done on a large scale, to contain isolated, misclassified individual pixels. Therefore, 
only mines above 2700 m2 were selected, removing the influence of small, misclassified pixels on the reclassification of water bodies to ensure the 
most accurate result could be achieved.

There were five LULC classes in the study area: mines, water, forest, 
urban areas, and bare soil. Due to the vast and remote study area, it was 
not  feasible  to  collect  training  or  validation  data  through  fieldwork. 
Landsat images, along with the cluster classification maps were used to 
collect training data. Locations for training sites were chosen by using 
(a) the previously created Landsat image collection as a basemap, (b) the 
previously  created  cloud  mask,  to  avoid  cloud-covered  areas  when 
selecting training  sites,  and (c) the  previously created cluster classifi-
cation map as a further guide for class selection. Seventy training sites in 
the form of points (each point represents one pixel on the map) were 
selected for each of the five classes, making up a total of 350 points per 
image.  The  points  were  selected  using  a  stratified  (by  class)  random 
sampling approach and were distributed across the entire study area.

analyse  the  expansion  of  mining  and  its  impacts  on  forest  cover,  structure  (using  the  fragmentation  metric 
effective  mesh size),  and forest  health  (using the phenology metric peak  greenness).  The combined approach 
resulted in an improvement in mining detection accuracy from 72% (65% producer, 79% user) to 89.5% (84% 
producer accuracy, 95% user). The results showed that mining increased from 69.4 km2 in 1997 to 431.6 km2 in 
2019,  an  increase  by  522%  over  22  years,  which  led  to  421.3  km2  of  forest  loss,  of  which  85%  was  due  to 
artisanal and small-scale mining (ASGM). The loss of forest for ASGM resulted in greater fragmentation, with a 
decrease in effective mesh size by 122.8 km2  compared to a decrease by 83 km2  caused by industrial mining. 
Mining also caused a decrease in the health of the surrounding forest, with a larger decrease in peak greenness

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves selecting training sites based on several factors. These include using a previously created Landsat image collection as a basemap, applying a previously created cloud mask to avoid cloud-covered areas when selecting training sites, and utilizing a previously created cluster classification map as a further guide for class selection.

In this case, seventy training sites in the form of points (each point representing one pixel on the map) were selected for each of the five classes, making up a total of 350 points per image. The points were selected using a stratified (by class) random sampling approach and were distributed across the entire study area. This process ensures that the model is trained on a diverse set of data, reducing bias and improving overall performance.