Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

4.2.2 Data distribution  

In the machine learning literature, much research has focused on problems with imbalanced data 
(He  &  Garcia,  2009).  Previous  studies  have  noted  that  imbalanced  data  would  make  the 
significant negative impact on CNN models (J. N. Wang et al., 2017). To compare balanced data 
performance with imbalanced data, we used data resampling in training a new model. The new 
model covered six classes, where the classes are evenly distributed. Validation accuracy was only 
94% because the data size has decreased (Masko & Hensman, 2015). The recognition rate for the 
family Hesperiidae increased, and the other rates have changed at the same time (Table 3). 

We used images of six butterfly families to make our dataset because the image size and number 
are similar. The biological classification of these butterflies is recognized by taxonomists (M. Q. 
Zhou et al., 2006), so we can only use these known categories to make labels.

The experiments were performed on a small
size dataset without data augmentation. The model 
The experiments were performed on a small-size dataset without data augmentation. The model 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
results demonstrate that it is feasible to use small dataset to train deep learning models as long as 
properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
the parameters are chosen properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
properly. The MG and MO models can both get good training results 
and they perform well in their own validation set, proving that deep learning is a powerful method 
and they perform well in their own validation set, proving that deep learning is a powerful method

that  it  is  feasible  to  use  a  small  amount  of  data  to  train  deep  learning  models,  which  could  have  wide 
applicability in the image recognition field.

insect 

[22]  Masko, D., & Hensman, P. (2015). The Impact of Imbalanced Training Data for Convolutional Neural 
Networks.  (Independent  thesis  Basic  level  (degree  of  Bachelor)  Student  thesis).  Retrieved  from 
http://urn.kb.se/resolve?urn=urn:nbn:se:kth:diva-166451 DiVA database.  

[23]  Nice, C. C& Shapiro, A. M. (1999). Molecular and morphological  divergence in the butterfly genus 
Lycaeides  (Lepidoptera:  Lycaenidae)  in  North  America:  evidence  of  recent  speciation.  Journal  of 
evolutionary biology, 12(5), 936–950.  

[24]  O'Neill,  M.  A.,  Gauld,  I.  D.,  Gaston,  K.  J.,  &  Weeks,  P.  J.  D.  (2000).  Daisy:  an  automated 
invertebrate  identification  system  using  holistic  vision  techniques.  Paper  presented  at  the  Inaugural 
Meeting of the BioNET-International Group for Computer-aided Taxonomy, Cardiff. 

[25]  Pala, N. R., & Pala, S. K. (1993). A review on image segmentation techniques. Pattern Recognition, 

26(9), 1277-1294.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Stratified splitting, oversampling, undersampling, Diverse data collection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, one technique used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline is data resampling. This technique involves adjusting the class distribution of the dataset to create a more balanced representation of each class. In this case, the authors used data resampling to create a new model with six evenly distributed classes. However, this resulted in a decrease in validation accuracy due to the smaller data size. Another approach mentioned in the context is the use of diverse data collection methods, such as collecting images of six different butterfly families with similar image sizes and numbers. This ensures that the dataset is representative of all classes and reduces any potential bias towards certain classes. Additionally, the authors note that it is possible to use small datasets to train deep learning models effectively, as long as the proper parameters are selected. Overall, the context suggests that addressing data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline requires careful consideration of class distribution and diversity within the dataset.

Unhelpful Answer:
I do not know what techniques are used to address data bias during preprocessing of the deep learning pipeline.