Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

parameters of our machine learning model. Specifically, we focused on 
tuning  several  critical  parameters,  namely  ‘numberOfTrees’,  ‘min-
LeafPopulation’, ‘bagFraction’, and ‘seed’. The ‘numberOfTrees’ repre-
sents the number of decision trees in the ensemble, and through the grid 
search, we explored different values to determine the ideal number of 
trees  that  balances  model  complexity  and  predictive  performance. 
Similarly, ‘minLeafPopulation’  refers to the minimum number of sam-
ples required to form a leaf node in each tree. We experimented with 
various values to find the optimal setting that prevents overfitting while 
capturing meaningful patterns in the data. The ‘bagFraction’  indicates 
the proportion of the training dataset used to train each individual tree, 
and  we  searched  for  the  best  value  to  enhance  model  diversity  and 
generalization. Lastly, ‘seed’  is a random number seed used to ensure

Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian, 2020. Google earth engine for geo-big data applications: 
a meta-analysis and systematic review. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 164, 
152–170. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A., 2021. Comparison of machine and deep 
learning methods to estimate shrub willow biomass from UAS imagery. Can. J. 
Remote. Sens. 47 (2), 209–227. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., 

Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B., 2021a. A comparison of decision tree-based 
models for forest above-ground biomass estimation using a combination of airborne 
lidar and landsat data. In: ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing & 
Spatial Information Sciences, 3. 

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M.,

Tang, Hao, Tang, Zhiyao, Fang, Jingyun, Guo, Qinghua, 2022. Neural network 
guided interpolation for mapping canopy height of China’s forests by integrating 
GEDI and ICESat-2 data. Remote Sens. Environ. 269, 112844. 

Ma, Lei, Liu, Yu, Zhang, Xueliang, Ye, Yuanxin, Yin, Gaofei, Johnson, Brian Alan, 2019. 
Deep learning in remote sensing applications: a Meta-analysis and review. ISPRS J. 
Photogramm. Remote Sens. 152, 166–177. 

Mandal, Dipankar, Kumar, Vineet, Ratha, Debanshu, Dey, Subhadip, Bhattacharya, Avik, 
Lopez-Sanchez, Juan M., McNairn, Heather, Rao, Yalamanchili S., 2020. Dual 
Polarimetric radar vegetation index for crop growth monitoring using Sentinel-1 
SAR data. Remote Sens. Environ. 247, 111954. 

Menze, B.H., Kelm, B.M., Masuch, R., Himmelreich, U., Bachert, P., Petrich, W.,

reproducibility, and we evaluated multiple seeds to select the one that 
provides  the  most  stable  and  reliable  results.  To  carry  out  the  grid 
search, we defined a range of potential values for each parameter based 
on  prior  knowledge  and  literature  review.  The  grid  search  then 
exhaustively tested all possible combinations of these values and eval-
uated the model’s  performance using cross-validation techniques. For 
each  combination,  we  utilized  the  RMSE  as  the  evaluation  metric, 
aiming to minimize the RMSE to achieve the most accurate predictions. 
By employing the grid search method, we aimed to optimize the model’s 
hyperparameters and enhance its ability to generalize well to new, un-
seen data, making it a robust and effective tool for our regression task. 
The  winning  parameters  are  as  follows:  numberOfTrees:  150,  min-
LeafPopulation: 3, bagFraction: 1, and seed: 123.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What type of deep learning model is used in the pipeline (e.g., CNN, RNN, Transformer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given context, there is no explicit mention of any specific deep learning models such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), or Transformers being used in the pipeline. Instead, the focus appears to be on tuning hyperparameters for a Random Forest Regressor, which is not a deep learning model but rather an ensemble learning method for classification and regression tasks. Therefore, without additional information, it cannot be determined what type of deep learning model, if any, was used in the pipeline.