Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

kernel to expand without increasing the number of parameters [39]. This expansion of the
window is controlled by the dilation rate and it enables the network to capture information
from a larger receptive ﬁeld of view with the same parameters and computational complex-
ity as the normal convolution. The combination of spatial pyramid pooling with Atrous
convolutions resulted in an efﬁcient multi-scale processing module called Atrous spatial
pyramid pooling (ASPP). In the earlier version (DeepLabV3) [40], the last ResNet block of
the modiﬁed ResNet-101 uses different Atrous convolutions with different dilation rates.
ASPP, together with bilinear up sampling, is also used on top of the modiﬁed ResNet block.
DeepLabv3+ is an improvement in the previous version by adding an effective decoder
module to improve the boundaries of the segmentation results [41]. Furthermore, apart
from ResNet-101, an Xception model can be used as a feature extractor while applying a

Training procedure—We adapted a pre-trained VGG16 network that is a CNN trained
on the ImageNet dataset and used for transfer learning on our dataset [51]. We froze
earlier layers of the base version of the network to make them non-trainable and added an
extra max-pooling layer before the fully connected layers to reduce the dimension of the
previous layer. The feature vector of the fully connected layer was reduced from 2048 units
of the original VGG16 to 128 units, which helped in reducing the computational complexity
without sacriﬁcing much on performance. The model was implemented using Keras with
TensorFlow backend [52].

Herbarium sheet images are usually of high resolution to capture the ﬁne-grain details
of the specimens. As a standard procedure for training deep learning models, all input
images together with their annotation were resized to a 512 × 512 resolution to reduce
the computational cost during training. Rotation, ﬂipping, and brightness adjustments
were applied as augmentation techniques for better network generalization. We used
DeepLabv3+ as the segmentation model with ResNet-101 as the feature extractor. This
model was pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset and ﬁne-tuned on the dataset. This is
useful as earlier layers of the network tend to learn generic features and therefore become
useful for other computer vision tasks [49]. We applied an Adam optimizer with a learning
rate of 1 × 10−4 and a batch size of 3. The model was trained for 100 epochs with a binary
cross-entropy loss function as we had a binary class problem (leaf or background).

as a feature [13]. As the study showed, they require a large training sample to maintain a
good performance of their approach.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline include rotation, flipping, and brightness adjustments. These techniques are used to enhance the network's ability to generalize and perform well on unseen data. By rotating, flipping, and adjusting the brightness of the input images, the network becomes more robust to variations in the data, improving its overall performance.