Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1026395A. Turab et al.

CRediT authorship contribution statement 

Sintunavarat:  Visualization, 

Ali Turab: Writing – original draft, Validation, Project administra-
tion, Methodology, Funding acquisition, Formal analysis, Conceptuali-
Supervision, 
zation.  Wutiphol 
Methodology,  Investigation,  Formal  analysis,  Conceptualization.  Far-
han  Ullah:  Software,  Resources,  Methodology,  Investigation,  Data 
curation,  Conceptualization.  Shujaat  Ali  Zaidi: Visualization,  Valida-
tion, Project administration, Investigation, Data curation, Conceptuali-
zation. Andr´es Montoyo: Validation, Software, Formal analysis, Data 
Josu´e-Antonio  Nescolarde-Selva: 
curation,  Conceptualization. 
Writing – original draft, Validation, Software, Methodology, Investiga-
tion, Funding acquisition, Data curation. 

Declaration of competing interest 

The authors report no declarations of interest. 

Data availability

Yang, Y., Mailman, R.B., 2018. Strategic neuronal encoding in medial prefrontal cortex of 

spatial working memory in the T-maze. Behav. Brain Res. 343, 50–60. 
Yerkes, R.M., 1912. The intelligence of earthworms. J. Anim. Behav. 2 (5), 332. 
Zhang, X., Zou, J., He, K., Sun, J., 2015. Accelerating very deep convolutional networks 
for classification and detection. IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell. 38 (10), 
1943–1955. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)10263916

In animal behavior studies, the integration of Machine Learning (ML) 
and  Deep  Learning  (DL)  methodologies  represents  a  significant  para-
digm  shift.  Traditionally,  these  advanced  computational  techniques, 
renowned for their predictive accuracy in fields such as artificial intel-
ligence  (Marar,  2024),  image  processing  (Zhang  et  al.,  2015),  neuro-
science (Dixon and Polson, 2020), and genomics (Xiao and Segal, 2009), 
have not been extensively harnessed for modeling or predicting animal 
movement. Such approaches extend the application of these technolo-
gies beyond their conventional domains and aim to transcend the mere 
prediction  of  behavior.  The  objective  is  to  craft  a  methodology  that 
utilizes machine learning to forecast behavioral patterns and intricately 
map animals’ actual movement trajectories.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given information, there is no explicit mention of a specific code repository link for the deep learning pipeline used in this study. It would be best to contact the corresponding author or check any supplementary materials associated with the paper for more details regarding the code repository.