Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

classification outcomes from our experiment; and (3) Evaluate the ef-
fects  of  ML  model  performance  on  tagging  efficiency,  including  an 
assessment  of  the  overall  utility  of  the  ML  bounding  box  model  for 
accelerating the data labelling process. 

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Objective 1: perform tagging efficiency experiment

not  well-enough  represented  in  our  dataset  to  draw  any  meaningful 
conclusions. The final dataset consisted of 6936 tagging events under the 
3 treatments.

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022574L.A. Clarfeld et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

these images can be tagged more quickly based on the context of the 
prior image and occur frequently in real-world datasets.

Maine, USA (January–September 2022) using three tagging methods (one with ML bounding box assistance and 
two  without  assistance).  We  used  a  generalized  linear  mixed  model  to  examine  the  influence  of  ML  model 
performance  and  tagging  method  on  tagging  efficiency.  We  found  that  ML  bounding  boxes  offer  significant 
improvement in tagging efficiency when labelling data compared to unassisted tagging. Additionally, the time 
taken to label with bounding boxes was not statistically different from an unassisted tagging approach. However, 
we  found  that  gains  in  efficiency  are  contingent  on  the  ML  algorithm’s  performance  and  that  incorrect  ML 
predictions, particularly the 4.2% false positive and 3.6% false negative predictions, can slow the tagging process 
compared to a non-hybrid approach. These findings indicate that although practitioners usually forgo the pro-

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to Zenodo, Figshare, Dryad, GBIF)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the data repository link of the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide the requested information.