Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.5. Evaluating model performance 

The accuracy of calibrated and validated models is assessed by four 
parameters,  namely,  coefficient  of  determination  (R2),  root-mean- 
square  error  (RMSE),  ratio  of  performance  to  deviation  (RPD),  and 
ratio of performance to interquartile range (RPIQ) (Zizala et al., 2019). 
The model is considered accurate when the bias is close to zero. RPD 
corresponds to the ratio of standard deviation (SD) to RMSE, which is 
widely used to evaluate VNIR spectral models. RPIQ considers predic-
tion  errors  and  variations  in  observations  simultaneously,  thereby 
providing  a  more  objective  and  easily  comparable  measure  of  model 
validity in model validation studies and has no assumptions about the 
distribution of observations (Guo et al., 2019). 

Table 2 
Importance bands for SOC estimation by PLSR.  

Model 

PC 

Important bands (nm) 

R/PLSR 

17 

SG/PLSR 

17

and 0.93) and the worst prediction accuracy for 40–60 cm (R2  = 0.76 
and 0.55).

The validation models achieved excellent accuracies at SG-FD/SVMR 
for the estimation of SOC and TN and higher RPD and RPIQ values were 
achieved compared to the findings of Pudełko and Chodak (2020). This 
result was consistent with the findings of other researchers (Gholizadeh 
et al., 2023; Hu et al., 2021; Ma et al., 2021; Nawar et al., 2016; Viscarra 
Rossel and Behrens, 2010; Wang et al., 2023; Xu et al., 2021; Yu et al., 
2016). In addition, a nonlinear relationship generally existed between 
VNIR spectral data and soil nutrients, which may be enhanced with the 
addition  of  external  and  internal  factors  (e.g.,  spectral  measurement 
conditions  and  laboratory  chemical  analysis  characteristics)  (Thissen 
et al., 2004). By constructing the SVMR model, the input variables are 
mapped to a higher dimensional space using the ε-epsilon kernel func-
tion, which produces regression equations that are flexible enough to

3.3. Comparison of calibration and validation models 

For the estimation of SOC, the SVMR model displayed good model 
accuracy (R2cv = 0.92, RMSEcv = 0.80), superior to PLSR (R2cv = 0.84, 
RMSEcv = 1.26). Meanwhile, for the estimation of TN, the SVMR model 
showed excellent model accuracy (R2cv = 0.92, RMSEcv = 0.06), also 
outperforming PLSR (R2cv = 0.83, RMSEcv = 0.09). With regard to the 
estimation of SOC and TN concentrations, the calibrated model achieved 
best prediction accuracy under the combination of the SVMR model with 
SG smoothing and FD (SG-FD/SVMR), and followed by the combination 
of the SVMR model with SG smoothing and SD (SG-SD/SVMR) model 
(Fig. 4).

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:

The performance of the deep learning model can be evaluated using various metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, etc. However, based on the given context, it seems like we are discussing the evaluation of models for estimating soil organic carbon (SOC) and total nitrogen (TN) using visible near-infrared (VNIR) spectroscopy. The accuracy of these models is assessed by four parameters, namely, coefficient of determination (R^2), root-mean-square error (RMSE), ratio of performance to deviation (RPD), and ratio of performance to interquartile range (RPIQ). The model is considered accurate when the bias is close to zero. RPD corresponds to the ratio of standard deviation (SD) to RMSE, which is widely used to evaluate VNIR spectral models. RPIQ considers prediction errors and variations in observations simultaneously, providing a more objective and easily comparable measure of model validity in model validation studies and has no assumptions about the distribution of observations. Based on the given context, it appears that the SVMR model outperformed the PLSR model in terms of R^2 and RMSE values for both SOC and TN estimation. Additionally, the SVMR model with SG smoothing and FD or SD achieved the best prediction accuracy for SOC and TN concentrations.