Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on November 16,2023 at 09:41:16 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

978-1-5090-1537-5/16/$31.00 ©2016 IEEEA. Classiﬁcation Process

Image representations extracted from deep neural networks,
trained on large datasets such as ImageNet [9] and ﬁne tuned
on domain speciﬁc datasets, have shown state-of-art perfor-
mance in numerous image classiﬁcation problems [14]. The
activation vectors of the ﬁrst fully connected layer of a pre-
trained VGGnet [24] are employed as feature representations
in our work. The weights of this deep network are ﬁne tuned
using the Benthoz15 dataset [23] which consists of expert-
annotated and geo-referenced marine images from Australian
seas.

[10] J. Deng, W. Dong, R. Socher, L.-J. Li, K. Li, and L. Fei-Fei, “Imagenet:
A large-scale hierarchical image database,” in IEEE Conference on
Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), pp. 248–255, IEEE,
2009.

[11] J. Donahue, Y. Jia, O. Vinyals, J. Hoffman, N. Zhang, E. Tzeng, and
T. Darrell, “Decaf: A deep convolutional activation feature for generic
visual recognition,” International Conference on Machine Learning
(ICML), pp. 647–655, 2014.

Authorized licensed use limited to: Thueringer Universitaets. Downloaded on November 16,2023 at 09:41:16 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

NC
C

NC
C

(a)

(b)

(c)

Fig. 4: Mosaics and Coral Maps: (a) the 3 sites of the Abrolhos Island; (b) Site 3 Coral Map for 2010 and (c) Site 3 Coral
Map for 2013. Legend key: C is coral and NC is non-coral

hybrid feature representations,” IEEE International Conference on Image
Processing, in press.

Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) [9], also known as
deep networks, are an important class of machine learning
algorithms applicable, among others, to numerous computer
vision problems. Deep CNNs, in particular, are composed of
multiple layers of processing involving linear as well as non-
linear operators. To solve a particular task, the parameters of
networks are learned in an end-to-end manner. Image represen-
tations extracted from deep CNNs trained on a large dataset
such as ImageNet [10] have shown to produce a promising
performance for diverse classiﬁcation and recognition tasks
[11], [12], [13], [14] and [15]. Spatial pyramid pooling (SPP)
[16] and Multi-scale Orderless Pooling (MOP) [17] schemes
have made CNNs independent of the input image size and
robust for diverse classiﬁcation and recognition applications.
In this paper, we propose a computer vision and deep
learning based framework for the automatic annotation of

the

Index Terms—corals, deep learning, marine images, classiﬁca-

tion, marine ecosystems.

I. INTRODUCTION

The automatic annotation of marine images allows for trans-
formational ecological outcomes by standardizing methods
to detect and identify species. It frees up experts from the
tediously repetitive task of manual annotation. It also enables
rapid and accurate processing of massive datasets. An ever
expanding human activity coupled with climate change have
severely damaged marine ecosystems, which play a key role
in our planet’s ability to sustain life. Yet accurate automated
technology to monitor the health of our oceans exist only on a
limited scale. Marine scientists still have to manually annotate
a massive amount of raw underwater imagery. This research
aims to address this bottleneck by developing advanced deep
learning and computer vision based models for automatic
annotation of imagery from coral reefs.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available in the given context to determine which specific framework was used to build the deep learning model. The text mentions using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and fine-tuning the weights of a pre-trained VGGnet, but it does not specify whether TensorFlow, PyTorch, or another framework was used to implement these components. Therefore, without additional context, it is impossible to provide a definitive answer to this query.