Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4.2.  Hyperparameters 

Hyperparameter tuning was done manually. As a starting point the 
learning rate was set as low as possible and the number of iterations as 
high as computationally feasible (Hastie et al., 2009). The learning rate, 
which is also called a shrinkage parameter, determines the contribution 
of each tree to the model. The maximum tree depth which reflects the 
degree of interaction in the model is usually low. GBRT performs best 
using fairly shallow trees, so-called tree stumps.

C) 

ICES Herring Assessment Working Group (HAWG) report 2015; Table 4.6.2.4 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2015; Table 5.6.12 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2014; Table 4.6.2.13 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2015; Table 5.6.14  

ICES HAWG report 2014; Table 4.6.2.13 

http://www.ices.dk 

ICES HAWG report 2014; Table 4.6.2.14  

∘ 
x 2

∘ 
Reynolds Historical Reconstructed SST (2
resolution) as derived from the 
Reynolds Optimally Interpolated SST (from the Advanced Very High Resolution 
Radiometer, AVHRR) and in-situ observations, available from the NASA Jet 
Propulsion Laboratory (extracted through Hydrax/OpenDAP server), provided 
by Reynolds, National Climatic Data Center 
MET Office Hadley Centre EN4 quality controlled ocean data version: EN.4.2.1. 

https://www.esrl.noaa.gov 

https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/ 
hadobs/en4/download-en4-2-1. 
html 

sal CS,NW 

Salinity 5 m (PSU) 

Month 

Month, included to account for a month 
of capture

randomly  splitting  all  individual  observations.  This  data  splitting  ap-
proach is generally considered optimum in machine learning as it does 
not  introduce  any  systematic  differences  between  the  test  and  train 
datasets. To perform the RY data splitting, individual observations were 
grouped according to year of capture and years were randomly selected 
for inclusion in the train and test datasets. Although this may produce 
systematic  differences  between  the  test  and  train  datasets,  it  ensures 
that  the  model  is  tested  using  previously  unseen  combinations  of  ex-
planatory  variables  and  is  therefore  a  more  robust  test  of  model  per-
formance in this context.

between the response and explanatory variables is not specified, instead 
a learning algorithm is used to find patterns in the data. Due to these 
flexible properties, GBRT were selected as a suitable method for iden-
tifying  potential  drivers  of  changes  in  growth  across  the  two  herring 
populations.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information on the specific data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline such as flipping, rotation, or scaling. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer based on the given context.