Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

random  forest  model  were  applied  using  R  statistical  software  (Team 
RDC, 2010).

3.2. Random forest model 

According to the parameter optimization results of the random forest 
(RF)  model,  five  training  samples  were  analyzed,  whose  importance 
scores (VI) were obtained by simulation, and the selected variables were 
sorted according to their scores. The results are shown in Fig. 3, in which 
the VI plots for the five samples are consistent; the scores of the selected 
10 variables were more than 20% VI, and showed a threshold of 30% VI, 
above which the variables assumed higher importance (Fig. 3). In the 
training  and  test  datasets,  the  intermediate  models  established  by  RF 
showed that the proportion of explained variance was between 91% and 
92%  (Table  4).  Further,  the  correlation  coefficients  between  the 

Table 1 
The results of multiple linear regression intermediate model.  

Variables 

p Value 
min 

p Value 
max 

NO.samples 
signif 

Direction 

PM2.5 
RH 
Ts 
Ms 
AP 
WS 
Dr 
UV 
PAR

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014646G.-Y. Shi et al.

The  random  forest  model  (RF)  was  implemented  using  the  R  lan-
guage “RandomForest”  package, and the environmental factor impor-
tance  score  and  significance  test  were  implemented  through  the  R 
language “rfPermute”  package. RF model first used self-help sampling 
for training data to form n samples. Second, we established a regression 
tree model for each sample, and each regression tree was generated by 
certain  independent  samples.  Finally,  the  predictive  value  of  the 
dependent variable was determined by the average of the results of N 
regression tree models.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it is not possible to determine which specific frameworks were used to build the deep learning model. The text only mentions that the random forest model was applied using R statistical software and the "RandomForest" package. There is no mention of any other machine learning or deep learning libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer to this query based on the available information.