Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

(cid:0)

̂ηs(x) = exp
exp

∑

j

)

θ(x)
f s
(
f j
θ(x)

)

where θ is the set of parameters of the neural network to be optimised by 
minimizing the loss function of Eq. (2). 

Using this very common deep learning framework, it is possible to 
show that the species assemblage predictor Sλ(x) of Eq. (1) is consistent 
λ(x) when  the 
(Lorieul,  2020),  i.e.  it  tends  towards  the  optimal  set  S*
number  of  training  samples  increases.  In  other  words,  our  species 
assemblage predictor is as simple as training a deep neural network with 
a cross-entropy loss function on the presence-only samples and thresh-
olding  the  output  softmax  probabilities  to  get  the  assemblage  of  pre-
dicted species. 

◦

Botella, C., Joly, A., Bonnet, P., Monestiez, P., Munoz, F., 2018a. A deep learning 

approach to species distribution modelling. In: Multimedia Tools and Applications 
for Environmental & Biodiversity Informatics, pp. 169–199. 

Botella, C., Joly, A., Bonnet, P., Monestiez, P., Munoz, F., 2018b. Species distribution 

modeling based on the automated identification of citizen observations. Appl. Plant 
Sci. 6, e1029. 

Botella, C., Joly, A., Bonnet, P., Munoz, F., Monestiez, P., 2021. Jointly estimating spatial 
sampling effort and habitat suitability for multiple species from opportunistic 
presence-only data. Methods Ecol. Evol. https://doi.org/10.1111/2041- 
210X.13565. 

Bourhis, Y., Bell, J.R., Shortall, C.R., Kunin, W.E., Milne, A.E., 2023. Explainable neural 
networks for trait-based multispecies distribution modelling–a case study with 
butterflies and moths. Methods Ecol. Evol. 14, 1531–1542.

Deep learning (DL) offers an unprecedented opportunity to charac-
terize complex, scale-dependent relationships between species and their 
environment (Deneu et al., 2021). In addition, the ever-increasing vol-
ume of data stemming from citizen science observations on one hand, 
and  from remote  sensing  characterization  of environmental heteroge-
neity on the other hand, requires adapted DL workflows (Borowiec et al., 
2022). DL models can learn from complex effects and interactions be-
tween  environmental  predictors  (Puglielli  and  P¨artel,  2023),  and  Cai 
et al. (2022) have shown that DL can help to isolate relationships be-
tween biodiversity and ecological drivers.

We believe that predictors of large spatial patterns may play a sig-
nificant role in the regional diversity of orchids, and that the computer 
vision model can learn such information. The model’s strength is to rely 
on the best possible input set and exploit complex interactions in order 
to be as predictive as possible. The trade-off is interpretability, but the AI 
community  is  investing  heavily  in  this area  and  our  understanding is 
getting  finer  (Linardatos  et  al.,  2021).  For  example,  deep-SDMs  have 
been shown to construct a feature space with structured functional traits 

and bioclimatic preferences, even though only remote sensing data were 
provided (Deneu et al., 2022). 

4.2. Error and uncertainty quantification

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What data formats are used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., image, audio, video, CSV)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The provided context does not explicitly mention the specific data format used in the deep learning pipeline. However, we can infer that the data might include presence-only samples, which could potentially be in various formats like CSV, JSON, or others. Additionally, since the text discusses using remote sensing data, it suggests that the data could also include images or satellite data. Furthermore, given that the topic revolves around species distribution modeling, it's plausible that geospatial data formats like GeoTIFF or Shapefiles might also be utilized. Nevertheless, without explicit confirmation from the source material, these assumptions remain speculative.