Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models 

The  You  Only  Look  Once,  or  YOLO,  family  of  models  are  open- 
sourced  computer  vision  models  used  for  detecting  objects.  These 
state-of-the-art, single-stage detector models created by Ultralytics are 
built on PyTorch machine learning framework (Ultralytics, 2023). The 
YOLOv5 family consists of 5 different versions that differ in complexity 
including the nano (n), small (s), medium (m), large (l), and extra-large 
(x)  detector  models.  Each  version  of  YOLOv5  contains  a  different 
number of  layers  and  parameters, which  differ in  model sizes.  Model 
accuracy is  lost  when size  is  reduced,  but training speed  is  improved 

EcologicalInformatics80(2024)1025402I. Grijalva et al.

Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines, Decision Trees, Boosting, 
and Random Trees (Yang et al., 2010). However, a growing subarea in 
machine learning, called deep learning, can leverage large image data-
sets  to train  deep neural networks such as  Convolutional Neural  Net-
works (CNNs) (Jordan and Mitchell, 2015) to make accurate predictions 
on new, unseen images.

Since the YOLOv5 models are created using the Python programming 
language, a python-based web application allowed quick development 
and deployment. The Python framework Flask was used in this appli-
cation. Flask is a microframework for web that aims to make using Py-
thon  for  web  development  flexible,  fast,  and  easy.  It  is  considered  a 
microframework not because it is lacking in features, but because it is 
small and simple (Aggarwal, 2014). In this application, Flask handles all 
requests  and  renders  HTML  templates  which  display  information  to 
users (Aggarwal, 2014). Within the HTML templates, the Bootstrap CSS 
framework is used to style the web pages (Aggarwal, 2014).

2.3. Imagery splitting ratio 

We split the dataset in a ratio of 80:10:10 for training, validation, and 
testing sets, respectively. This ratio was used due to prior evidence of 
exceed performances in detecting small insects and diseases using deep 
learning models (Kiratiratanapruk et al., 2022; Krishnadas and Sampa-
thila, 2021; Mulchandani et al., 2019). The training dataset consisted of 
1543 images, 243 images for the validation set, and 247 images for the 
testing set and all were at input resolution of 640 × 640 pixels. The 1280 
× 1280 pixels input resolution consisted of 1637 images for the training 
set, 255 images for the validation set, and 262 images for the testing set. 
Independently,  we  trained  5  different  versions  of  the  YOLOv5  model 
family  including:  YOLOv5n,  YOLOv5s,  YOLOv5m,  YOLOv5l,  and 
YOLOv5x models to detect alates on sorghum leaves. 

2.4. Characteristics of deep learning models

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "Which frameworks are used to build the deep learning model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The state-of-the-art, single-stage detector models from the YOLO family, including YOLOv5, are built on the PyTorch machine learning framework. Therefore, the deep learning model used in this case is built using the PyTorch framework.