Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Training data

2024). To make these methods more accessible, we published the data 
used in this study, the code used in the analysis, and the trained machine 
learning model.

Van Rijsbergen, C., 1979. Information retrieval: Theory and practice. In: Data Base 
Systems: Joint IBM/University of Newcastle Upon Tyne Seminar Held in the 
University Computing Laboratory, 4th–7th September, 1979; University of 
Newcastle Upon Tyne Computing Laboratory: Newcastle upon Tyne, p. 79. 
Weimerskirch, H., Prudor, A., Schull, Q., 2018. Flights of drones over sub-Antarctic 

seabirds show species and status-specific behavioural and physiological responses. 
Polar Biol. 41, 259–266. 

Witharana, C., Lynch, H.J., 2016. An object-based image analysis approach for detecting 
penguin guano in very high spatial resolution satellite images. Remote Sens. 8 (5), 
375. 

Wood, S.A., Robinson, P.W., Costa, D.P., Beltran, R.S., 2021. Accuracy and precision of 
citizen scientist animal counts from drone imagery. PLoS One 16 (2), e0244040. 

Xu, Z., Wang, T., Skidmore, A.K., Lamprey, R., 2024. A review of deep learning

Stammerjohn, S., Barrington, L., 2020. Engaging ‘the crowd’in remote sensing to 
learn about habitat affinity of the Weddell seal in Antarctica. Remote Sens. Ecology 
Conserv. 6 (1), 70–78. 

Le, H., Samaras, D., Lynch, H.J., 2022. A convolutional neural network architecture 
designed for the automated survey of seabird colonies. Remote Sens. Ecology 
Conserv. 8 (2), 251–262. 

Liu, Y., Shah, V., Borowicz, A., Wethington, M., Strycker, N., Forrest, S., Lynch, H., 

Singh, H., 2020. Towards efficient machine learning methods for penguin counting 

Shuford, W.D., Spear, L.B., 1988. Surveys of Breeding Penguins and Other Seabirds in the 
South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, January–February 1987. NOAA Tech Rep NMFS 
F/NEC-5; National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Washington, DC, USA.  

Tovar-S´anchez, A., Rom´an, A., Roque-Atienza, D., Navarro, G., 2021. Applications of 
unmanned aerial vehicles in Antarctic environmental research. Sci. Rep. 11 (1), 
21717.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., bounding box annotation, instance segmentation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The given context does not provide explicit information on the specific data annotation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, based on common practices in deep learning applications related to wildlife monitoring and conservation, such as those mentioned in the context (e.g., detection of penguin guano or surveying seabird colonies using drone imagery), it can be inferred that some commonly used data annotation techniques might have been employed. These could include:

1. Object Detection: This technique involves drawing bounding boxes around objects of interest within an image. In the case of wildlife monitoring, this could involve identifying individual animals or groups of animals within a larger scene.

2. Instance Segmentation: This is a more precise form of object detection where each pixel in an image is classified according to the object it belongs to. This allows for more accurate identification of individual instances of objects within a scene.

3. Semantic Segmentation: Similar to instance segmentation, but instead of differentiating between individual instances of objects, all pixels belonging to the same class are grouped together. This could be useful for distinguishing between different types of terrain or habitats in a landscape.

Again, without explicit mention in the provided context, these are only speculative possibilities based on typical practices in similar fields.