Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The Inception-V3 model accepts images resized to (299, 299) pixels 
but ViT and ResNet resize to (224, 224) pixels. Dataset imbalance was 
dealt with by including class weights in the cross-entropy loss function. 
For the training we used AdamW optimizer for Hugging Face models, 
which is the default optimizer in the transformers library by Hugging-
Face. For Inception-V3, we used Adam since that was the optimizer used 
in  previous  work  (and  AdamW  is  not  available  in  Keras).  We  used  a 
(cid:0) 4  for 
batch  size  of  16  examples  and  the  learning  rate  was  set  to  10
(cid:0) 5  for  Vanilla  Inception-V3  and  ViT.  For  Deep  Otolith 
ResNet  but  10
(cid:0) 4 as suggested by Politikos 
Inception we used a learning rate of 4 × 10
et  al.  (2021).  For  every  fine-tuning  experiment,  the  model  with  the 

smallest validation loss was used for evaluation on the test set. 

2.3. Performance

ResNet-50 is a convolutional neural network model that uses skip 
connections,  which  made  it  possible  to  get  good  performance  with 
deeper models than was previously possible (He et al., 2015). Training 
deep neural networks can result in exploding gradients, and skip con-
nections  were  introduced  to  ameliorate  that  problem.  ResNet-50  was 
chosen  for  comparison  as  it  is  a  proven  CV  classification  model.  It  is 
commonly used and provides a well-performing baseline. 

Inception-V3  is  a  convolutional  neural  network  used  for  image 
classification, that has an auxiliary classifier that acts as a regularizer 
(Szegedy et al., 2015b). The Inception-V3 architecture is built on pre-
vious Inception models, with the aim of making the V3 computationally

For fine-tuning, we used the HuggingFace implementations of ViT 
(“google/vit-hugepatch14–224-in21k”) and ResNet (“microsoft/resnet- 
50”)  but  the  Keras  implementation  of  Inception-V3.  All  fine-tuning 
models  had  been  pre-trained  on  the  ImageNet  (Deng  et  al.,  2009) 
dataset. 

We replaced the classifier head on all models so that it received the 
output of the models along with the additional parameters, quarters and 
length. We also tried adding additional dropout and dense layers at the 
end of the Inception model as for the DeepOtolith model Politikos et al. 
(2021). To differentiate we use Deep Otolith Inception-V3 for the model 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020463A.R. Sigurðard´ottir et al.

2.3. Performance 

For the evaluation of the performance of the models, we reported 
accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score. The performance metrics are 
reported separately for each defined class. Averages over all classes are 
reported as well. The Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) was used as an 
alternative performance metric. 

By  counting  the  occurrences  of  true  positives  (TP),  true  negatives 
(TN),  false positives  (FP),  and  false negatives  (FN) we  can define the 
accuracy, precision, recall and F1-score of the models as follows: 

EcologicalInformatics76(2023)1020464A.R. Sigurðard´ottir et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Accuracy =

TP + TN
TP + TN + FP + FN

,

Precision =

TP
TP + FP

,

Recall =

TP
TP + FN

,

F1 (cid:0) score = 2

Precision × Recall
,
Precision + Recall

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What metrics are used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model (e.g., accuracy, precision, recall)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
To evaluate the performance of the deep learning models, several metrics are used. These include accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score. Accuracy measures the proportion of correct predictions out of total predictions made. Precision calculates the ratio of correctly predicted positive observations to the total predicted positives. Recall determines the ratio of correctly predicted positive observations to the actual number of positives. The F1-score combines both precision and recall into a single metric, providing a more balanced view of the model's performance. Additionally, the Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) is used as an alternative performance metric.