Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

This  section  offers  a  brief  experimental  results  analysis  of  the 
PTDLEN-VAE model over the other techniques. Table 1 and Fig. 6 assess 
the  classification  outcomes  analysis  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  model  with 
other techniques on the applied UCM dataset. On examining the results 
interms  of  precision,  the  experimental  results  showcased  that  the 
PTDLEN-VAE model has accomplished maximum average precision of 
96% whereas the DLEN-VAE, DLEN-DNN, and DLEN-LSTM techniques 
have  gained  a  minimum  average  precision  of  95.70%,  95.68%,  and 
95.49% respectively. Followed by, on investigative the outcomes with 
respect  to  recall,  the  experimental  outcomes  demonstrated  that  the 
PTDLEN-VAE  manner  has  accomplished  maximal  average  recall  of 
95.35% whereas the DLEN-VAE, DLEN-DNN, and DLEN-LSTM methods 
have reached a lesser average recall of 94.90%, 94.93%, and 94.73% 
correspondingly. Eventually, on exploratory the outcomes interms of F1-

3.2. Overall system architecture 

3.4. Design of IKHO algorithm for parameter optimization 

The  overall  system  architecture  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  model  is 

In order to optimally adjust the hyperparameter of the EfficientNet 
model, they are optimally adjusted by the use of IKHO algorithm. KH 
(Wei  and  Wang,  2020)  is  a  SI  based  approach  which  is  based  on  the 
swarming  behavior  of  krills  based  on  a  particular  environmental  and 
biological process. The KH algorithm contains 3 main processes namely 

Fig. 1. Sample satellite images.  

Fig. 2. Overall working process of PTDLEN-VAE model.  

EcologicalInformatics66(2021)1014523H.M. Alshahrani et al.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Fig. 3. Layered architecture of EfficientNet.

• The IKHO algorithm is designed by the integration of KH algorithm 
with free search (FS) operator to avoid the local optimal problem of 
the KH algorithm.  

• A  PTDLEN  based  feature  extractor  is  presented  by  the  use  of 
parameter  tuned  EfficientNet  model  using  IKHO  algorithm,  which 
aids to enhance the prediction outcome of the PTDLEN-VAE model 
for unseen data.  

• Validation  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  model  takes  place  on  benchmark 
dataset  and  the  experimental  results  are  discussed  interms  of 
different aspects. 

1.3. Paper organization 

The rest of the paper is planned as follows. Section 2 elaborates the 
previous  satellite  imagery  analysis  techniques.  Besides,  Section  3  dis-
cusses  the  proposed  PTDLEN-VAE  model  and  Section  4  offers  the 
experimental validation. At last, Section 5 summarizes the paper. 

2. Prior satellite imagery classification models

VAE model includes a series of operations such as pre-processing, Effi-
cientNet based feature extraction, IKHO based parameter optimization, 
and VAE based classification. Besides, the IKHO algorithm is designed by 
the  integration  of  KH  algorithm  with  FS  operator  to  avoid  the  local 
optimal problem of the KH algorithm. In addition, the PTDLEN based 
feature extractor by the use of parameter tuned EfficientNet model using 
IKHO  algorithm  helps  to  enhance  the  prediction  outcome  of  the 
PTDLEN-VAE model for unseen data. For validating the improved per-
formance  of  the  PTDLEN-VAE  method,  an  extensive  experimental 
analysis  take  place  on  benchmark  aerial  image  dataset.  The resultant 
experimental  values  highlighted  the  supremacy  of  the  proposed 
PTDLEN-VAE model over the other techniques. In future, the presented 
PTDLEN-VAE  model  can  be  deployed  in  unmanned  aerial  vehicles

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Based on the given information, it appears that there isn't any direct mention of a specific strategy used to monitor the model performance during training. However, we do see that the PTDLEN-VAE model was evaluated against other techniques like DLEN-VAE, DLEN-DNN, and DLEN-LSTM on the UCM dataset. This evaluation was done using metrics such as precision, recall, and F1-score. From this, we can infer that these metrics were likely used to track the progress and performance of the model during its development and training stages. Additionally, the use of the IKHO algorithm for parameter optimization suggests that some form of monitoring or tracking might have been employed to ensure the best possible configuration for the model. Nonetheless, without explicit details about the actual strategies used to monitor the model performance during training, one cannot provide a definitive answer.