Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

surveys of PAs covering thousands of square kilometers and generating 
thousands of images can be delayed by several months using the OCC 
approach due to the slow but necessary manual processing of images. 
Recent  advances  in  machine  learning  have  propelled  the  perspec-
tives of remotely sensed imagery for wildlife conservation (Tuia et al., 
2022),  and  announced  good  prospects  for  the  automation  of  image 
processing from SRF-OCC surveys (Delplanque et al., 2023b; Eikelboom 
et al., 2019). Deep learning (DL) is a subgroup of machine learning and 
artificial intelligence (AI) where artificial neural networks are trained to 
achieve challenging tasks (e.g. detect animals in aerial imagery) through 
a complex multi-level representation of information learned from a large 
amounts of data (LeCun et al., 2015). In the last decade, DL has been 
widely  employed  to  (semi-)automate  the  detection  and  counting  of

with a 50% probability of occurrence. To avoid any risk of overfitting at 
each  training  stage,  we  selected  the  model  relative  to  the  epoch  that 
gave the best performance on the validation set. During inference, the 
patch  size  was  set  to  1024  × 1,024  pixels  to  accelerate  the  process. 
Further information on the fine-tuning process is described in section 
2.5.2.

practices to address a substantially imbalanced dataset with deep learning. Remote 
Sens. Environ. 216, 139–153. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2018.06.028. 
Lamprey, R., Ochanda, D., Brett, R., Tumwesigye, C., Douglas-Hamilton, I., 2020a. 

Cameras replace human observers in multi-species aerial counts in Murchison falls, 
Uganda. Remote Sens. Ecol. Conserv. 6 (4), 529–545. https://doi.org/10.1002/ 
rse2.154. 

Lamprey, R., Pope, F., Ngene, S., Norton-Griffiths, M., Frederick, H., Okita-Ouma, B., 
Douglas-Hamilton, I., 2020b. Comparing an automated high-definition oblique 
camera system to rear-seat-observers in a wildlife survey in Tsavo, Kenya: taking 
multi-species aerial counts to the next level. Biol. Conserv. 241, 108243 https://doi. 
org/10.1016/j.biocon.2019.108243. 

Lamprey, R.H., Keigwin, M., Tumwesigye, C., 2023. A high-resolution aerial camera

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Wildlife population estimation 
Aerial surveys 
Deep learning 
Biodiversity monitoring 
Conservation technology 
African savanna

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Fliping, Roating, Scaling)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide specific details about the data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that data augmentation was performed to increase the amount of available training data and improve the robustness of the models. Common data augmentation techniques include flipping, rotating, scaling, cropping, and adjusting brightness or contrast. These techniques help create new variations of existing images, which can aid in training more accurate and generalizable models. Without explicit mention of the techniques used, one cannot definitively state which were implemented in this case.