Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Fig. 7. Comparison of the maturity ogive and proportion of reproductively active at length estimated among methods (distinguished in colour) in Chilean hake. The 
shaded area corresponds to the 95% confidence interval. The line correspond the fitted values. The dashed line indicates the size at 50% maturity. 

when sampling the fundamentally different population conditions of a 
healthy  versus depleted  stock. The use of  RFs has the  potential to  be 
applied for classifying maturity in other taxa whose reproductive attri-
butes  are  essential  for  their  management  and  conservation  in  the 
ecosystem. Machine learning methods may offer an accurate alternative 
to traditional methods to improve our biological understanding in future 
or retrospective research. 

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi. 

org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2024.102481. 

Declaration of competing interest 

None. 

Data availability 

The data that has been used is confidential.

Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been successfully applied in 
teleost  and  elasmobranch  reproductive  biology,  used  to  determine 
maturation  condition,  sex,  and  spawning  habitats  (Brown-Peterson 
et al., 2021; Brownscombe et al., 2020; Rogers et al., 2017; Slembrouck 
et  al.,  2019;  Vitale  et  al.,  2006).  In  this  study,  Random  Forests  (RF) 
analyses  proved  to  be  similarly  effective  in  classifying  maturity  in 
Chilean hake, with high precision measured against the gold-standard of 
histological  staging.  The  RF’s  accuracy  in  classifying  immature  and 
mature-inactive females was notably high, in contrast to macroscopic 
analysis which generally misassigned these stages due to their similar 
external characteristics of the gonads – making them difficult to discern 
by  the  naked  eye,  even  for  experienced  scientific  observers.  This  is  a 
common  problem  in  macroscopic  analysis  beyond  Chilean  hake,

are  influencing  the  reproductive  process  ought  to  be  considered.  The 
incorporation  of  covariates  on  the  reproductive  process  requires 
analytical tools beyond the simple description of gonadal development. 
During  the  last  decade  the  application  of  Machine  Learning  (ML) 
techniques has grown in many research areas, serving to model complex 
relationships in ecology, genetics, and climate change (Lindegren et al., 
2020;  Rolnick  et  al.,  2022;  Schrider  and  Kern,  2018;  Smoli´nski  and 
Radtke, 2017). Machine learning algorithms use computational methods 
to  “learn”  directly  from  data  without  relying  on  a  carefully  defined 
function  as  a  model  -  in  contrast  to  a  linear  model  say,  where  the 
function must be made explicit. They are generally predictive models 
and characterised by having few assumptions and little dependency on 
the  classic  statistical  assumptions  of  conventional  models  (e.g.  error

Sancho, G., Solow, A.R., Lobel, P.S., 2000. Environmental influences on the diel timing of 

spawning in coral reef fishes. Mar. Ecol. Prog. Ser. 206, 193–212. 

Schrider, D.R., Kern, A.D., 2018. Supervised machine learning for population genetics: a 

new paradigm. Trends Genet. 34, 301–312. 

Slembrouck, J., Arifin, O.Z., Pouil, S., Subagia, J., Yani, A., Kristanto, A.H., Legendre, M., 
2019. Gender identification in farmed giant gourami (Osphronemus goramy): a 
methodology for better broodstock management. Aquaculture. 498, 388–395. 
Smoli´nski, S., Radtke, K., 2017. Spatial prediction of demersal fish diversity in the Baltic 
Sea: comparison of machine learning and regression-based techniques. ICES J. Mar. 
Sci. 74, 102–111. 

Tascheri, R., 2022. Estatus y posibilidades de explotaci´on biol´ogicamente sustentables de 
los principales recursos pesqueros nacionales, a˜no 2022: Merluza común. IFOP- 
SUBPESCA Technical Report, p. 143. https://www.ifop.cl/en/busqueda-de-informes 
/.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there is no information available regarding the deployment process of any deep learning or machine learning model in the given context. Therefore, it cannot be determined what specific steps were taken to deploy the trained Random Forest model mentioned in the text. Typically, after training a machine learning model such as Random Forest, one might save the model using a method like pickling in Python, then load the saved model into another script or environment for further testing or production use. However, since the details about the deployment process are not provided, we cannot provide a more precise answer.