Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

processing instructions can be found in Text S1. The final available data 
elements totaled 6802.

Tian, D., Li, M.C., Shi, J., Shen, Y., Han, S., 2021. On-site text classification and 

knowledge mining for large-scale projects construction by integrated intelligent 
approach. Adv. Eng. Inform. 49, 101355. 

USEPA, 2023. United States Environmental Protection Agency. https://www.epa.gov/su 

perfund/superfund-community-involvement (accessed 22 May 2023).  

Wang, J.S., Jia, Y.H., 2021. Social media’s influence on air quality improvement: 

evidence from China. J. Clean. Prod. 298, 126769. 

Wang, Y., Sun, Y.N., Ma, Z.C., Gao, L.S., Xu, Y., 2020. An ERNIE-based joint model for 

Chinese named entity recognition. Appl. Sci. Basel. 10, 5711. 

Wang, Y.N., Zhang, R.L., Worden, S., Cao, H.L., Li, C.H., 2021. Public participation in 
environmental governance initiatives of chemical industrial parks. J. Clean. Prod. 
305, 127092.

The widely used text mining methods associated with social media 
include topic modeling and emotional analyses (Liu et al., 2023a). Topic 
modeling includes Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) and social network 
analyses. Topic modeling aims to aggregate words with similar topics 
into a topic category through the distribution characteristics of words 
associated with each topic. LDA is one of the traditional topic modeling 
algorithms.  A  social  network  analysis  is  usually  achieved  by  dividing 
keyword co-occurrence networks into certain communities (Sun et al., 
2020). Each community can be labeled as a topic, and keywords within 
the  community  represent  characteristics  of  the  topic.  Compared  to 
traditional  topic  modeling,  social  network  analyses  have  an  advanta-
ge—that is, no need to specify the number of topics in advance. In other 
words, the number of topics does not adjust with subjective judgments.

2.2.2. Social network analysis 

Relevant information reflected by a single independent keyword is 
limited. To present textual information in a more complete visual form, 
we need to determine the intrinsic connections between the identified 
keywords (Tian et al., 2021). A social network analysis can capture the 
potential interrelationships between different keywords. In addition, it 
is used to divide similar keywords into closely related communities and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What optimization techniques are applied in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., SGD, Adam)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there isn't any specific mention or discussion about optimization techniques such as Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), Adam, or others being applied in the deep learning pipeline. Therefore, I cannot provide a helpful answer regarding this matter.