Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

3.1.3. Fire severity, combustion efficiency

Bingyi, Li, Lifu, Shu, Yongquan, Ding, Sun Wenguo, Wu, Song, Li Hua, Fengjun, Zhao, 
2021. Research progress in plantation fuel characteristics and management in China. 
World Forestry Research 01, 90–95. https://doi.org/10.13348/j.cnki. 
sjlyyj.2020.0106.y. Research Progress in Plantation Fuel Characteristics and 
Management in China.  

Bodí, M.B., Cerdd`a, A., Mataix-Solera, J., Doerr, S.H., 2012. Efectos de los incendios 
forestales en la vegetaci´on y el suelo en la cuenca medi-terr´anea: Revisi´on 
bibliogr´afica. Bol la Asoc Geogr Esp 33–56. 

Brotons, L., Aquilu´e, N., De C´aceres, M., Fortin, M.-J., Fall, A., 2013. How fire history, 

fire suppression practices and climate change affect wildfire regimes in 
Mediterranean Landscapes. PLoS ONE 8, e62392. 

Cetin, M., IsikPekkan, 

¨
O., OzenenKavlak, M., et al., 2022. GIS-based forest fire risk 

determination for Milas district. Nat Hazards, Turkey.

3.1.4. Calculate processing 

The following processes were carried out within GEE to produce a 
thorough  time  series  dataset  that  included  land  cover  types,  wildfire 
locations, NBR, and above-ground biomass data in mainland China:  

• First, filter the feature collection on GEE by using the MCD64A1 date 
attribute  “Burndate”  (calendar  day).  The  range  1–366  is  used  to 
represent  the  fire  occurrence  area  that  has  been  labeled  as  “Bur-
narea.”  After that, it was easier to extract the land cover types for 
each  year  by  overlaying  MCD12Q1,  and  MOD17A3  was  used  to 
calculate the annual NPP. The “ForestFireArea” image collection was 
then created by adding attribute information using the “image.add-
Bands()” API.

attributes, utilizing a blend of Earth observation resources to accurately 
evaluate global forest aboveground biomass. Consider the 2017 AGB data, 
for example, which includes inputs from Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) 
C-band Sentinel-1 and L-band ALOS-2 Phased  Array L-band SAR (PAL-
SAR-2).  Data  processing  begins  with  deploying  dual  algorithms  on 
Sentinel-1 and ALOS-2 PALSAR-2, leveraging the sensitivity of synthetic 
aperture radar backscatter towards various forest structural features, to 
forge semi-empirical models that correlate forest backscatter with Global 
Stock Volume (GSV), depicting the volumetric measure of live trees per 
area unit. Following this, GSV estimates derived from both sources are 
amalgamated using a weighted methodology to mitigate the systematic 
errors inherent in individual image analyses. In the final phase, adopting 
the biomass conversion and expansion factors developed by the Global

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, there isn't enough information available to provide a helpful response regarding the specific strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training. However, some common strategies include tracking metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, or loss function values; visualizing learning curves; and performing cross-validation. These methods can help identify issues like underfitting, overfitting, or convergence problems during the training process.