Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

classification outcomes from our experiment; and (3) Evaluate the ef-
fects  of  ML  model  performance  on  tagging  efficiency,  including  an 
assessment  of  the  overall  utility  of  the  ML  bounding  box  model  for 
accelerating the data labelling process. 

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Objective 1: perform tagging efficiency experiment

Modern  machine-learning  (ML)  methods  can  perform  a  variety  of 
tasks to help meet these challenges. Determining whether an animal is 
present in an image is a binary classification task that can be performed 
via machine learning to filter out false detections from a dataset. Several 
methods have been used to predict whether an image is empty, including 

measurement  of  differences  between  consecutive  images  (Price  Tack 
et al., 2016; Ren et al., 2013; Wei et al., 2020), convolutional neural 
networks (Tabak et al., 2019; Tabak et al., 2020), and ensemble learning 
(Yang et al., 2021). Alternatively, object detection models that localize 
target  objects  (animals)  within  an  image  can  be  used  to  filter  empty 
images  (Beery  et  al.,  2019).  In  contrast  to  other  techniques,  this 
approach not only identifies empty images through the absence of target 
objects, but also indicates the location of each target object within an 
image (Fig. 1).

Additionally, if we consider the use of ML models as a pre-filtering 
method  for  removing  blank  images,  the  effective  time  required  for 
tagging  false  negatives  becomes  zero,  and  ML-assisted  tagging  with 
bounding  boxes  could  be  even  faster  than  tagging  without  bounding 
boxes. However, the increased efficiency from using a ML model to pre- 
filter  empty  images  would  come  at  a  cost  (e.g.,  in  our  application  of 
MegaDetector, throwing away the 3.6% of false negatives predicted to 

EcologicalInformatics77(2023)1022577L.A. Clarfeld et al.

Remote cameras (“trail cameras”) are a popular tool for non-invasive, continuous wildlife monitoring, and as 
they  become  more  prevalent  in  wildlife  research,  machine  learning  (ML)  is  increasingly used  to  automate  or 
accelerate  the  labor-intensive  process  of  labelling  (i.e.,  tagging)  photos.  Human-machine  hybrid  tagging  ap-
proaches have been shown to greatly increase tagging efficiency (i.e., time to tag a single image). However, those 
potential increases hinge on the extent to which an ML model makes correct vs. incorrect predictions. We per-
formed an experiment using a ML model that produces bounding boxes around animals, people, and vehicles in 
remote camera imagery (MegaDetector) to consider the impact of a ML model’s performance on its ability to 
accelerate human labeling. Six participants tagged trail camera images collected from 12 sites in Vermont and

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., dropout, L2 regularization)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The text does not provide information about specific regularization methods used to prevent overfitting in the deep learning pipeline. However, it mentions that modern machine learning methods, such as convolutional neural networks, can be used for tasks like identifying whether an animal is present in an image. These methods may employ various regularization techniques, such as dropout and L2 regularization, to improve their generalization capabilities and avoid overfitting. Dropout involves randomly dropping out neurons during training to reduce co-dependencies among them, while L2 regularization adds a penalty term to the loss function based on the sum of squared weights, encouraging smaller weight values and thus simpler models. Other common regularization methods include early stopping, data augmentation, and batch normalization.