Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

The three sampling locations exhibit noticeable differences in bac-
terial abundance and morphology, which can be attributed to various 
experimental conditions and strong differences in image quality. These 
data were utilized as a validation set to assess the efficacy of our deep 
learning recognition model in accurately capturing and quantifying such 
differences, thereby demonstrating its proof of concept. The sampling 
sites  were  thus  chosen  to  provide  large  differences  in  environmental 
conditions to demonstrate the versatility of the approach; it should be 
noted that our objective did not encompass a comparison of the effects of 
different experimental conditions on bacterial morphology. 

EcologicalInformatics81(2024)1025622H. Zou et al.

bacterial  abundance  and  morphology  for  work  carried  out  on  micro-
fluidic platforms. Statistical data of distribution and morphology of live 
microbe in a soil-analogue environment gained from such methods is 
valuable  for  community  characterization  since  phenotypic  traits  of 
living organisms are as important as the commonly used cell biochem-
ical  constituents.  Enormous  efforts  have  been  done  to  promote  deep 
learning-based methods for researchers without coding expertise (Berg 
et al., 2019; G´omez-de Mariscal et al., 2021; In´es et al., 2019; Midtvedt 
et al., 2021; Ouyang et al., 2019; Sys et al., 2022; von Chamier et al., 
2021). Our work showcases that the approach works under significantly 
different conditions, allows quantifying bacterial populations, and de-
tects differences among bacterial communities from different locations. 
Since the first attempt to measure bacterial cell sizes by Henrici et al.

were  proven  to  succumb  to  complexity,  low  precision  and  reliability, 
whereas image analysis-based methods have now been widely adopted 
due to their efficiency and accuracy (Gupta et al., 2019; Zhang et al., 
2021).  The  deep  learning  model  successfully  segments  and  classifies 
various objects at satisfying accuracy. AI-aided soil chip analysis does 
not only allow to study abundance and biodiversity measures following 
local treatments or large biogeographic variations, but even to investi-
gate direct interactions of microbes with each other, or with additives to 
the ecosystem, such as biochar or toxins that can be added into the chips. 
The  approach  can  be  extended  to  other  microbial  groups  including

potential of deep learning algorithms in bacterial image recognition of 
environmental samples using these datasets and provide guidelines for 
dataset preparation and training. With the increasing user-friendliness 
of  deep  learning  for  biology  groups  without  much  AI  experience,  we 
found that image annotation equivalent to a few weeks’ work can pro-
vide satisfactory information on bacterial populations within the chips. 
This method is expected to be useful for environmental microbiological 
research  and  analysis  using  imaging  methods,  particularly  on  micro-
fluidic  platforms,  where  the  combination  of  controlled  experimental 
manipulations  and  monitoring  of  processes  with  high  environmental 
realism,  including  chemo-physical  conditions  and  biotic  interactions, 
presents significant potential. 

2. Experimental methods 

2.1. Soil sample acquisition

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model (e.g., learning rate, optimizer)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
Unfortunately, based on the given context, there is no specific mention of the hyperparameters used in the deep learning model, such as the learning rate or the type of optimizer employed. Therefore, I cannot provide the exact details regarding this matter.