Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

A R T I C L E  I N F O    

A B S T R A C T    

Keywords: 
Artificial intelligence 
Camera trap 
Data labeling 
Machine learning 
Trail camera 
Wildlife monitoring 
Bounding box

classification outcomes from our experiment; and (3) Evaluate the ef-
fects  of  ML  model  performance  on  tagging  efficiency,  including  an 
assessment  of  the  overall  utility  of  the  ML  bounding  box  model  for 
accelerating the data labelling process. 

2. Materials and methods 

2.1. Objective 1: perform tagging efficiency experiment

Remote cameras (“trail cameras”) are a popular tool for non-invasive, continuous wildlife monitoring, and as 
they  become  more  prevalent  in  wildlife  research,  machine  learning  (ML)  is  increasingly used  to  automate  or 
accelerate  the  labor-intensive  process  of  labelling  (i.e.,  tagging)  photos.  Human-machine  hybrid  tagging  ap-
proaches have been shown to greatly increase tagging efficiency (i.e., time to tag a single image). However, those 
potential increases hinge on the extent to which an ML model makes correct vs. incorrect predictions. We per-
formed an experiment using a ML model that produces bounding boxes around animals, people, and vehicles in 
remote camera imagery (MegaDetector) to consider the impact of a ML model’s performance on its ability to 
accelerate human labeling. Six participants tagged trail camera images collected from 12 sites in Vermont and

As  ML-techniques  become  more  pervasive  in  the  field  of  remote 
wildlife monitoring, further study of how ML model performance im-
pacts their utility could become increasingly important. Several open- 
source  species-level  classification  models  have  recently  been  released 
(B¨ohner et al., 2022; Norouzzadeh et al., 2018; Tabak et al., 2019; Tabak 
et al., 2020; Tabak et al., 2022; Vecvanags et al., 2022; Whytock et al., 
2021) which can similarly be used in tandem with human tagging to 
improve tagging efficiency (Willi et al., 2019). Yet, species-level classi-
fication models can also be geographically constrained and underper-
form when applied on “out-of-sample” data from locations or in contexts 
that differ from the original training data (Tabak et al., 2019). Under-
standing the role of model performance on tagging efficiency for species- 
detection could prove useful in determining in what circumstances these 
models are effective. 

Author contributions

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the deep learning model (e.g., classification, segmentation, detection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer: The purpose of the deep learning model mentioned in this article is object detection. Specifically, it is designed to produce bounding boxes around animals, people, and vehicles in remote camera imagery. This model is referred to as MegaDetector. Its use is intended to improve the efficiency of tagging images captured by trail cameras used for wildlife monitoring.