Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Wisz, M.S., Hijmans, R.J., Li, J., Peterson, A.T., Graham, C.H., Guisan, A., 2008. NCEAS
predicting species distributions working group. Eﬀects of sample size on the perfor-
mance of species distribution models. Divers. Distrib. 14 (5), 763–773.

10

(Moua et al., 2017). An example of pres_UNB and pres_B sites, for
k = 20, were mapped in Fig. 4.

unbiased model and the corrected one arise more likely from the cor-
rection methods than from the random selection of the sites. Thus, the
chosen parameterization appeared the most appropriate by achieving a
good compromise.

Moreover, the number of presence sites used to build the SDM is
often limited because of the scarcity of the species or the inadequate
number of species records. Thus, many datasets suﬀer not only from
sampling bias, but also from a low number of presence sites.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What is the code repository link of the deep learning pipeline (e.g., Link to GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the code repository link of any deep learning pipeline. The context discusses a study related to species distribution models (SDMs) and their performance based on the number of presence sites used to build them. It mentions a paper by Wisz et al. (2008) regarding the effects of sample size on the performance of SDMs and another study by Moua et al. (2017) which might have included examples of pres\_UNB and pres\_B sites. However, there are no details about any specific deep learning pipelines or their respective code repositories.