Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International 
Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, 
pp. 383–391. 

Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset.

satellite image classification using deep learning approach. In: Machine Learning 
and Data Mining in Aerospace Technology. Springer, Cham, pp. 165–186. 
Li, L., Zhou, Y., Xie, J., 2014. A free search krill herd algorithm for functions 

optimization. Math. Probl. Eng. 2014. 

Li, Y., Chen, R., Zhang, Y., Zhang, M., Chen, L., 2020. Multi-label remote sensing image 
scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural 
network. Remote Sens. 12 (23), 4003. 

Liu, Q., Basu, S., Ganguly, S., Mukhopadhyay, S., DiBiano, R., Karki, M., Nemani, R., 

2020. Deepsat v2: feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image 
classification. Remote Sens. Lett. 11 (2), 156–165. 

Lunga, D., Gerrand, J., Yang, L., Layton, C., Stewart, R., 2020. Apache spark accelerated 
deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics. IEEE J. Select. 
Topics Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 13, 271–283.

Fig. 5. Structure of VAE.  

Stochastic  gradient  descent  (SGD)  on  BP  is  managing  stochastic 
input,  then  not  stochastic  unit  within  the  networks.  The  solution  is 
named as “reparameterization trick”, which is to transfer the sampling 
to input layer. It is easy from N(μ(x), θ(x)) by sampling ∈ ~ N(0, I), af-
terward calculating pmodelz = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) * e. Where μ(x) and θ(x) are 
the mean and covariance of (z| x). So, Eq. (13) is calculated as: 

L(q) = Ee∼N(0,I)pmodel

(cid:0)

x|z = μ(x) + θ1/2(x) × ∈

)

(cid:0) DKL(q(z|x)‖pmodel(z) )

(14) 

In VAE is comprised of input layer, various AEs, and output layer. 
Then, an unsupervised pre-training step, the supervised fine-tuning step 
is implemented for learning the entire network parameters by employ-
ing the BP technique. This technique is comprised of 1 input layer, 5 
hidden layers, and 1 output layer. 

4. Performance validation

During  the  classification  process,  the  VAE  model  gets  executed  to 
assign proper class labels to the applied satellite images. Autoencoder 
(AE) is a kind of NN which is trained to replace the input with the output. 
It includes a hidden layer h to define a code employed for input repre-
sentation. The network comprises of an encoder function z = f(x) and 
decoder function r = g(z), where x denotes the input data. The mean-
ingful features from the AE by the constraint that the z to have lower 
dimensions compared to x. The code of the AE which is lesser than the 
input  dimensions  are  known  as  under  complete.  The  learning  of  the 
undercomplete  depiction  enforces  the  AE  in  capturing  the  important 
characteristics of the training data. The VAE is a directed network which 
makes  use  of  learned  approximate  inferences  and  undergoes  training 
using gradient approaches. For generating a sample from the model, the

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What process was followed to deploy the trained deep learning model (e.g., Model serialization, Platform selection)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
The given context does not provide information about the deployment process of the trained deep learning models used for satellite image classification. Therefore, it is not possible to determine what specific process was followed to deploy these models, such as model serialization or platform selection.