The provided pieces of context do not directly discuss the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, they do provide information about the data sources used in studies related to environmental science, such as water pollution control, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and wastewater treatment.

In the study by Tang et al. (2022), the authors likely used data from various sources, such as government reports, academic publications, and statistical databases, to analyze China's water pollution control over the past 20 years. Similarly, the United Nations Environment Programme (2021) report would have used data from international organizations, government agencies, and research institutions to provide a comprehensive overview of the state of the global environment.

In the study by Uzlu (2021), the author used a grey wolf optimizer algorithm-optimized artificial neural network to estimate GHG emissions in Turkey. The data used in this study might have been obtained from sensors, surveys, or public datasets related to energy consumption, industrial processes, and transportation.

Van Drecht et al. (2009) used a global biogeochemical model to estimate the global nitrogen and phosphorus in urban wastewater for the period 1970 to 2050. The data used in this study might have been obtained from academic publications, government reports, and statistical databases related to population growth, urbanization, and wastewater treatment.

Wang et al. (2018) investigated the effects of electro-dewatering pretreatment on nitrous oxide emission involved in related functional genes in sewage sludge composting. The data used in this study might have been obtained from laboratory experiments, sensors, or public datasets related to sewage sludge treatment and composting.

Wei et al. (2020) provided GHG emission factors for common sewage sludge disposal methods. The data used in this study might have been obtained from laboratory experiments, sensors, or public datasets related to sewage sludge treatment and disposal.

Therefore, based on the provided context, the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline could include surveys, sensors, and public datasets. However, the specific methods used would depend on the research question and the availability of data.