The provided context does not give a detailed description of the data collection methods used in the deep learning model mentioned in the query. However, it does mention some studies that have been conducted on coral reefs and marine ecosystems, which can give us an idea of the possible data collection methods.

In the study by Do and Tran (2023), they detected the dispersal of the early stages of spotted butterfish in northern Vietnam under global warming using a deep learning model. While the study does not explicitly mention the data collection methods, it is likely that they used underwater cameras or other types of sensors to collect data on the butterfish.

The study by Dennison and Barnes (1988) on the effect of water motion on coral photosynthesis and calcification may have used sensors to collect data on water motion, light levels, and other environmental factors. Similarly, the study by Dubinsky and Stambler (1996) on marine pollution and coral reefs may have used sensors or other methods to collect data on pollution levels and their impact on coral reefs.

In addition to sensors, surveys are also a common method for collecting data on marine ecosystems. The study by Donovan et al. (2018) on combining fish and benthic communities into multiple regimes on coral reefs likely used surveys to collect data on fish and benthic communities. Similarly, the study by Edmunds et al. (2016) on the differential distribution of octocorals and scleractinians around St. John and St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands may have used surveys to collect data on the distribution and abundance of these organisms.

Public datasets are another possible source of data for deep learning models. For example, the study by Yee et al. (2014a) on developing scientific information to support decisions for sustainable ecosystem services may have used public datasets on marine ecosystems.

Overall, while the provided context does not give a detailed description of the data collection methods used in the deep learning pipeline, it is likely that sensors, surveys, and public datasets are commonly used to collect raw data on marine ecosystems.