The datasets used in the deep learning pipeline for satellite image classification are UCM Dataset and AID Dataset.

The UCM Dataset (University of California, Merced) is a high spatial resolution dataset consisting of 2100 images of urban scenes, with a size of 256x256 pixels and a ground sampling distance of 0.3m. The dataset is divided into 21 categories, with 100 images per category. The UCM Dataset has been widely used in the remote sensing community for image scene classification tasks.

The AID Dataset (AID for short, stands for "Aerial Image Dataset") is a large-scale dataset for aerial image scene classification, consisting of 10,000 images of urban scenes, with a size of 600x600 pixels and a ground sampling distance of 0.5m. The dataset is divided into 30 categories, with 200-400 images per category. The AID Dataset is a more challenging dataset compared to the UCM Dataset due to its larger size and higher number of categories.

These datasets are used in the deep learning pipeline for satellite image classification, along with various deep learning architectures such as CNN, CNN-RBFNN, CA-CNN -BiLSTM, AL-RCNN, MLRSSC-CGNN-SGAT, MLRSSC-CGNN-MLGAT, DLEN-LSTM, DLEN-DNN, DLEN-VAE, PTDLEN-VAE, and TempCNNs.

For example, Lunga et al. (2020) used the UCM Dataset and AID Dataset for satellite image classification using an advanced ML for computing huge amount of remotely sensed images. They proposed a new remote sensing data flow (RESFlow) to manage the huge amount of data for homogeneous distribution to fit easier modules.

Li et al. (2020) used the UCM Dataset for multi-label remote sensing image scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural network.

Liu et al. (2020) presented two novel high resolution satellite imagery datasets (SAT-4 and SAT-6) and presented a DeepSat architecture for classification depending upon DBN and "handcrafted" features. They used the UCM Dataset for evaluating the performance of their proposed architecture.

Pelletier et al. (2019) proposed extensive research of TempCNNs, a DL method that employs convolution in the temporal dimension for manually learning the temporal (also spectral) features. They used the UCM Dataset for evaluating the performance of their proposed architecture.

In summary, the UCM Dataset and AID Dataset are the commonly used datasets for satellite image classification in the deep learning pipeline. These datasets are used along with various deep learning architectures for evaluating the performance of the proposed architectures.