The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves calculating the Mean Absolute Error (MAE) values and comparing the inference-time to determine the most computationally efficient model. The MAE values are calculated using equation (4), where yi,j is the soft label of the i-th sample (the ground truth age is j), and pi is the vector of probability predicted from the i-th sample based on equation (3).

In addition, the inference-time is measured to determine the maximum queries per second (QPS) achieved under real-world conditions. To do so, the dataset is expanded by a factor of five, from 8002 to 40,010 images. Then, batches of 50 images are fed into the model to warm up the hardware, before recording the inference-time of batches of 100 to quantify QPS. All models are tested under the same experiment setting and the same GPU to make comparisons between them fair.

The models are trained using a five-fold SE Protocol with an OR method. The performance of different models is presented in Table 4, which shows the MAE and CS (3) (%) for each model. The results indicate that the RepVGG-A1 model has the lowest MAE value of 2.45 ± 0.44, while the ResNet-18 model has the highest CS (3) (%) of 64.10.

Furthermore, the study also tested the models under different thresholds for CS to determine the better model within four types of networks (VGG, ResNet, RepVGG, and MobileNet-V3). The results are presented in Fig. 4, which shows that the RepVGG-A1 model performs better than the other models.

However, it is worth noting that some models, such as ResNet-18 and ResNet-50, struggle with adult pandas, often categorizing pandas aged 17 to 25 with pandas aged 7 to 17 years.

In summary, the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves calculating the MAE values and comparing the inference-time to determine the most computationally efficient model. The results indicate that the RepVGG-A1 model has the lowest MAE value, while the ResNet-18 model has the highest CS (3) (%) of 64.10. However, some models struggle with adult pandas, and further investigation is required to improve their performance.