The generalizability of the deep learning model was ensured through a series of experiments that assessed the model's ability to generalize among sites, transfer learning, and the use of a diverse dataset.

Firstly, to assess generalization among sites, three types of experiments were performed using different combinations of pretraining data and hand-annotations. The first experiment involved using pretraining and hand-annotated data to predict the evaluation data from the same site (within-site). The second setup used the pretraining data and hand-annotated data from the same site to predict the evaluation data from a different site (cross-site). This allowed for the testing of the model's ability to predict tree conditions in other geographic sites, creating a matrix of cross-site predictions. The third experiment, transfer learning, tested a model trained using pretraining data from all other sites, but hand annotations from the same site as the evaluation data.

These experiments were conducted to ensure that the model could generalize well to new, unseen sites, and not just memorize the training data. The ability of the model to generalize among sites is crucial, given that the sites were selected to be as different as possible, and encompass a range of tree canopy conditions.

Furthermore, the model's generalizability was improved by using a diverse dataset. The NEON sites were selected to represent all of the major biogeographic regions in the United States, which allowed for the pretraining of the model on a continental scale. This broad scale pre-training, in combination with existing local training data, has the potential to reduce the need for new local training data by giving the model the potential to learn the general suite of features characterizing trees within the United States.

In summary, the generalizability of the deep learning model was ensured through experiments that assessed the model's ability to generalize among sites, transfer learning, and the use of a diverse dataset. The NEON sites were selected to represent all of the major biogeographic regions in the United States, which allowed for the pretraining of the model on a continental scale, thereby improving its ability to generalize to new, unseen sites.