The pieces of context provided do not give specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline. However, they do mention various types of data sources and data formats used in the studies.

In the study by Adeli, Sarina, Brisco, Brian (2020), Google Earth Engine was used for geo-big data applications. Google Earth Engine is a cloud-based platform that provides petabytes of satellite imagery and geospatial data, which can be used as input for deep learning models.

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., Klimkowski, Daniel J., Volk, Timothy A. (2021) used Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) imagery for shrub willow biomass estimation. UAS imagery can be considered as a type of sensor data that can be used for collecting raw data.

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., Johnson, Lucas, Phoenix, Daniel B. (2021a) used a combination of airborne LiDAR and Landsat data for forest above-ground biomass estimation. Airborne LiDAR is a remote sensing method that uses laser light to measure the distance between the sensor and the target, providing high-resolution elevation data. Landsat is a series of Earth-observing satellite missions jointly managed by NASA and the U.S. Geological Survey, providing multispectral images of the Earth's surface.

Tamiminia, Haifa, Salehi, Bahram, Mahdianpari, Masoud, Beier, Colin M., Tang, Hao, Tang, Zhiyao, Fang, Jingyun, Guo, Qinghua (2022) used Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) and Ice, Cloud, and land Elevation Satellite-2 (ICESat-2) data for mapping canopy height of China’s forests. GEDI and ICESat-2 are both satellite missions that provide high-resolution laser altimetry data.

Ma, Lei, Liu, Yu, Zhang, Xueliang, Ye, Yuanxin, Yin, Gaofei, Johnson, Brian Alan (2019) mentioned the use of public datasets in their meta-analysis of deep learning in remote sensing applications.

Mandal, Dipankar, Kumar, Vineet, Ratha, Debanshu, Dey, Subhadip, Bhattacharya, Avik, Lopez-Sanchez, Juan M., McNairn, Heather, Rao, Yalamanchili S. (2020) used Sentinel-1 Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data for crop growth monitoring. SAR data is a type of sensor data that can be used for collecting raw data.

In summary, the pieces of context provided mention the use of satellite imagery, UAS imagery, airborne LiDAR, Landsat data, GEDI and ICESat-2 data, SAR data, and public datasets as sources of input data for deep learning models. However, they do not provide specific information about the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep learning pipeline.