The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using a two-step process that combines least squares methods with a genetic algorithm and a Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) approach. The first step is the least squares (LS) algorithm, which estimates the model parameters directly from field data. The entries of the database generated by the LS algorithm are ordered from smaller to higher sum of the residual values, and the first quarter of the best fit parameter values are used as input for the second step, the genetic algorithm.

The genetic algorithm is an iterative optimization process that aims to partially optimize the results of the estimation and better explore the space of the parameters. The first quarter of the best fit parameter values stored in the database is considered as input for the genetic algorithm, which generates four random combinations of initial values as input for the LS procedure. Each best fit value stored in a single row of the dictionary is considered as an expected value of a Gaussian distribution, and the associated variance is defined as a fixed value σ2 = (0.2 μ)2.

The genetic algorithm cycle ends by ordering the rows of the database according to the values of the sum of the residual. The genetic algorithm can be repeated an arbitrary number of times, but in this case, it was considered a nGAC = 2, leading to a total number of nTGA = 2nGAC+1 ⋅ nLSF = 1536 LS fit evaluations.

The MCMC algorithm is used to obtain the distribution of the model parameters. A single iteration of the MCMC algorithm provides for the selection of a random row of the genetic algorithm output database, the absorption of the best parameter values, and the generation of a random value from the Gaussian distribution associated with each parameter. The ODE system is subsequently solved, and the experimental data is absorbed, allowing the comparison between the ODE model output and the experimental data, based on the log-probability value.

However, the provided context does not mention any grid search or random search methods for hyperparameters optimization. The optimization process is based on the combination of LS, genetic algorithm, and MCMC.