Answer:::

The performance of the deep learning model was evaluated using the metrics of recall and precision. The testing dataset used for evaluation consisted of 500 manually annotated images from the same transect. The model's predictions were compared with the manual annotations to calculate the performance metrics. The predictions were provided as a .JSON file containing the coordinates of the bounding box of each tentative annotation along with a confidence score ranging from 0.05 to 1.

The number of iterations for which the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) was trained had a significant influence on its performances and the confidence it gave to its predictions. Generally, longer model training past 1000 iterations tended to give higher recall but lower precision. To balance the use of resources and training speed, some model parameters were modified from the default configuration. The resolution was retained at 704 × 704, batch size at 64, 32 subdivisions, and trained up to 6000 iterations. Other parameters were kept to default or set according to guidance by the developers.

Recall, also known as sensitivity, is the ratio of correctly predicted positive observations to the total actual positive observations. It measures the proportion of actual positives that were identified correctly. Precision, also known as positive predictive value, is the ratio of correctly predicted positive observations to the total predicted positive observations. It measures the proportion of positive identifications that were correct.

The weights that offered the best compromise between precision and recall were used to make predictions on the whole dataset of 58,148 images. These predictions were also performed in the same Colab notebook. To limit the space taken on Cloud storage without compromising performance, the images were reduced in resolution to a 1224 × 1024. However, the context does not provide information on other metrics such as accuracy, F1 score, or specificity.