Answer:::

To monitor the model's performance during training, the researchers used a validation dataset, which is an independent set of samples used to compute the accuracy and loss (estimation of the error) of the model. This dataset is not used during the training process, allowing it to indicate if the model is overfitting the training data or not learning features that are key for recognizing the different individuals.

The validation dataset is used to assess the learning progress of the neural network. If the model was found to perform badly during the initial stages of training, additional pictures were manually labeled and added to the training dataset. This process was repeated until a satisfactory performance was achieved.

In this study, the model was trained for 10 epochs (i.e., passing the entire dataset through the neural network 10 times) with 200 manually labeled pictures. If the model was found to perform poorly, more pictures were manually labeled and added to the training dataset. This process was continued until the model achieved a satisfactory performance.

Furthermore, the researchers also used a technique called limited oversampling to mitigate overfitting caused by small training datasets. Oversampling consists of creating copies of the training data from the less sampled classes. However, the layers of the network were not frozen, allowing them to update their weights during the training process.

The validation dataset's accuracy was used as a metric to monitor the model's performance during training. The model reached 87.0% accuracy after training for 11 epochs and obtained similar accuracies for males and females. When using the trained model to predict the identity of the birds in small groups, the model correctly predicted the identity of a bird present in that group in 93.6% of the time.

In summary, the researchers used a validation dataset to monitor the model's performance during training. They also used limited oversampling to mitigate overfitting caused by small training datasets. The validation dataset's accuracy was used as a metric to monitor the model's performance during training.