Answer:::

The deep learning model, named IUC-NN, is implemented for the purpose of predicting the conservation status of unevaluated orchid species. The model is a classification algorithm that categorizes the species based on their threat levels according to the IUCN Red List criteria.

The IUC-NN model utilizes digitally available occurrence records and derives features from four groups: geographic, climatic, biome, and anthropogenic. The geographic features include mean latitude and longitude, longitudinal and latitudinal range, extent of occurrence, area of occupancy, number of locations, and occurrence records. The climatic features are based on 19 bioclim variables. The biome features represent the presence in 14 biomes, and the anthropogenic features are based on the Human Footprint Index.

In addition to these features, the model can potentially incorporate data on species trade, land use, or life history to increase its accuracy and overcome dependency on threat category. The model also combines binary and detailed predictions, which can help reduce false predictions by labeling species where the two models disagree as data deficient.

Future developments of IUC-NN include quantifying the estimation of threat as a continuous parameter to improve accuracy for intermediate threat levels and implementing Bayesian neural networks to quantify uncertainties in the prediction.

References:
Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., & Courville, A. (2016). Deep Learning. MIT Press.

Karger, D. N., Conrad, O., Böhner, J., Kawohl, T., Kreft, H., Soria-Auñón, K., ... & Zimmermann, N. E. (2017). Climatologies at high resolution for the earth’s land surface areas. Scientific Data, 4, 170122.

Olson, D. M., Dinerstein, E., Wikramanayake, E. D., Burgess, N. D., Powell, G. V. N., Underwood, E., ... & D'amico, J. (2001). Terrestrial ecoregions of the world: a new map of life on earth. BioScience, 51(11), 933-938.

Silvestro, D., & Anna, D. (2020). Bayesian deep learning for biodiversity modelling and conservation. Trends in Ecology & Evolution, 35(5), 374-384.

Wildlife Conservation Society & International Earth Science Information Network (2005). Human Footprint: Global Anthropogenic Biomes. In R. W. Kates, T. M. Parris, & B. Leiserowitz (Eds.), Human Dimensions of Global Environmental Change: Research and Methods (pp. 105-123). Springer.