The pieces of context provided do not give specific information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models. However, they do mention the use of deep learning techniques for satellite image classification, which implies the use of powerful computational resources.

In the context "An automated deep learning based satellite imagery analysis for ecology management", it is mentioned that an automated deep learning-based approach is used for satellite imagery analysis, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "September. Deep learning for satellite image classification. In: International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Systems and Informatics. Springer, Cham, pp. 383–391", it is mentioned that deep learning is used for satellite image classification, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "Lunga, D., Gerrand, J., Yang, L., Layton, C., Stewart, R., 2020. Apache spark accelerated deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics. IEEE J. Select. Topics Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens. 13, 271–283.", it is mentioned that deep learning inference for large scale satellite image analytics is accelerated using Apache Spark, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "Fig. 11. Computation time analysis of PTDLEN-VAE model on AID dataset", it is mentioned that the computation time of the PTDLEN-VAE model on the AID dataset is analyzed, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "Ecological Informatics journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ecolinf", there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "satellite image classification using deep learning approach. In: Machine Learning and Data Mining in Aerospace Technology. Springer, Cham, pp. 165–186. Li, L., Zhou, Y., Xie, J., 2014. A free search krill herd algorithm for functions optimization. Math. Probl. Eng. 2014", there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "Liu, Q., Basu, S., Ganguly, S., Mukhopadhyay, S., DiBiano, R., Karki, M., Nemani, R., 2020. Deepsat v2: feature augmented convolutional neural nets for satellite image classification. Remote Sens. Lett. 11 (2), 156–165", it is mentioned that feature augmented convolutional neural nets are used for satellite image classification, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "Li, Y., Chen, R., Zhang, Y., Zhang, M., Chen, L., 2020. Multi-label remote sensing image scene classification by combining a convolutional neural network and a graph neural network. Remote Sens. 12 (23), 4003", it is mentioned that a convolutional neural network and a graph neural network are combined for multi-label remote sensing image scene classification, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

In the context "Kadhim and Abed (2019) produced an efficient method for classifying satellite images which are depending upon DL and utilize CNN for extracting the features with the help of VGG19, AlexNet, Resnet50 pretraining, and GoogLeNet modules", it is mentioned that an efficient method for classifying satellite images using deep learning and CNN for feature extraction is produced, but there is no information about the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.

Therefore, based on the provided context, it is not possible to answer the query regarding the hardware resources used for training the deep learning models.