Answer:::

The provided context does not include information about a specific data repository link for the deep learning pipeline used for classifying Brazilian Savanna physiognomies based on deep learning techniques. The sources cited in the text contain information about the methodology, process, and results of the study, but they do not provide a link to a data repository where the pipeline or related data can be accessed.

For more information about the study, you can refer to the following sources:

1. Neves, A., et al. (2021). Hierarchical mapping of Brazilian Savanna (Cerrado) physiognomies based on deep learning. Journal of Applied Remote Sensing, 15(4), 044504.
2. Neves, A., et al. (2020). Semantic segmentation of Brazilian savanna vegetation using high spatial resolution satellite data and U-net. ISPRS Annals of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences, V-3-2020, 505-511.
3. Torres, D., et al. (2020). Semantic segmentation of endangered tree species in Brazilian savanna using DeepLabv3+ variants. In IEEE Latin America Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IEEE).
4. Kattenborn, T., et al. (2020). Convolutional neural networks enable efficient, accurate, and fine-grained segmentation and increase the number of filters per kernel and a multilayer convolutional decoder, which upscales the features to the original spatial resolution. They further use skip-connections between encoder and decoder layers, of the same spatial resolution, to preserve low-level details, required for the precise prediction of object boundaries. In deep learning methods, originally developed in the computer vision field, the analysis of the contribution of different spectral bands to improve the network accuracy is not yet well explored. The spectral behavior of the physiognomies and their respective major groups rely on the information contained in different wavelengths, represented here by satellite spectral bands. However, the majority of works with deep learning approaches used only red, green, and blue channels or included the near-infrared (NIR) one.

Answer:::