Answer:

The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves several steps. First, the parameters used for all the recognizers are shown in Table S2, which allows for tracking and comparison of the performance of different models. The data analysis of the target set aimed to detect possible differences among the software programs in evaluating the results with regard to two aspects: the impact of different habitats on song detections per day and the potential differences in the times of vocal activity of great tits in different habitats. By using the same days and sites for all three software programs, any differences among the software programs can be attributed solely to differences or biases in their detection patterns (2.6. Data analysis: Target set).

During the training of the model, the quality measures and results are continuously monitored to determine the point at which improvement ceases. Benkendorf and Hawkins (2020) analyzed the effect of sample size on deep neural networks and concluded that increasing the number of hidden layers, or adding more training recordings in the software, significantly improves the performance of the model.

In the process of selecting the recognizer, the optimal cut-off thresholds are chosen, and when F-scores are identical, the mean of the thresholds is used. A random forest model is then run using the best replicate and threshold on the test set, and its performance is evaluated. Finally, the same recognizer and threshold are implemented on the target set to obtain biologically relevant data (2.6. Data analysis: Target set).

The study found that improving the similarity of results from different software programs did not eliminate differences even with a solid number of training records. To achieve reliable biological interpretations, recognizers with very high values of all evaluation metrics (F-score, precision, and recall) are required. Low values of recall can lead to significantly different interpretations of relative abundance and time of activity, necessitating great caution in the interpretation of bird PAM results using automated recognition (Improving the similarity of results from different software programs).