Answer: The deep learning model described in the context is used for hierarchical classification in the field of entomology. The model is a multitask CNN that performs classification at different levels of a taxonomic hierarchy for insects. The first part of the architecture is a convolutional neural network (CNN), such as ResNet or EfficientNet, which takes an input image and outputs a root representation. For each level in the hierarchy, two fully connected (FC) layers and an activation function are added to perform a non-linear transformation of the root representation to the level output. The predicted class in each level is the maximum output value from the network at that level. The model also classifies an input image as 'unsure' when the predicted class is not correct according to the higher rank in the taxonomic hierarchy.

The deep learning model is trained using data augmentation techniques, including image scaling, horizontal and vertical flip, perspective distortion, and adding color jitter for brightness, contrast, and saturation. These techniques help mitigate overfitting by increasing the diversity of the training data. The model is optimized using the Adam optimizer with a fixed learning rate of 1.0⋅10−4.

The hierarchical classification model is useful for entomological applications where there is a need for greater taxonomic resolution of classifications. The diversity and variable abundance of insects often result in unbalanced datasets with numerous classes nested inside each other in a taxonomic hierarchy. As deep learning methods mature and are implemented in monitoring programs, the demand for fine-grained classification will increase. The level of fine-grained classification is still limited, not least because classification models rely on training data where images have species labels assigned to them. The proposed network architecture simplifies the hierarchical dependency loss proposed by Gao (2020) and rewrites the code from Ugenteraan (2020) for this specific application.