Answer:::

In the field of passive acoustic monitoring (PAM) for detecting sound-producing animals, raw data is primarily collected using digital recorders deployed in the environment. These recorders are typically set up in the field and serviced at regular intervals, after which the collected sound data (also known as bioacoustic recordings) are retrieved for processing. The large amount of data generated by continuous, high-resolution digital data collection requires automatic processing to generate useful findings.

In addition to using digital recorders for data collection, there are other methods for gathering raw data in the deep learning pipeline. These include surveys, sensors, and public datasets. Surveys can be used to collect data on the presence and distribution of sound-producing animals, while sensors can be used to continuously monitor and collect data on environmental sounds. Public datasets, such as the NIPS4Bplus dataset used in Bravo Sanchez et al. (2021), can also be used as a source of raw data for training deep neural network (DNN) models.

In some cases, the scarcity of labeled data or the need to generate training data to target certain species may necessitate the use of active learning techniques. Active learning enhances and facilitates the labor-intensive process of data generation by progressively increasing the training data through the selection of those samples most likely to improve model performance from predictions made over unlabeled data. Iteratively training new models with additional labeled data selected from their predictions reduces the extent of manual annotation.

For example, Tolkova et al. (2021) used a method of using model embeddings and dimensionality reduction to display model predictions in a two-dimensional space, which can be useful for selecting the best sample candidates for manual annotation. This method could be applied to the collection of raw data in the deep learning pipeline by using it to select and label a subset of the collected data for use as training data in a DNN model.

In summary, raw data in the deep learning pipeline for PAM can be collected using a variety of methods, including digital recorders, surveys, sensors, and public datasets. Active learning techniques can also be used to enhance and facilitate the data generation process by selecting the most informative samples for manual annotation.