Answer:::

The hyperparameters of the model are optimized using the Optuna optimization algorithm, which is a hyperparameter optimization framework that uses complex optimization algorithms to automatically search the hyperparameter space for the greatest combination of hyperparameters that minimizes the mean squared error. This algorithm was adopted to optimize the model hyperparameters, and 20% of the data was used to validate each model. The optimization process involved using different random training datasets to develop the models, enabling the realization of optimized parameters using the Optuna package. The distribution of the parameters slightly varies with each modeling scenario, and some of them exhibit a multi-modal nature, indicating several peaks that provide a good trade-off between performance and computational cost.

For instance, for the Random Forest model without the chlorophyll-a sensor values (RF_w/o_Sensor), the modal number of estimators observed was 20, which increased to 50 in the Random Forest model with chlorophyll-a sensor values (RF_w/o_Sensor_cont). This shows the need for more regression trees in the Random Forest model with chlorophyll-a sensor values, indicating that the number of estimators required to optimize the model hyperparameters varies with the modeling scenario.

It is worth noting that the optimization algorithm used rarely affects the estimation of model hyperparameters in the manually sampled datasets, probably due to a lack of enough data to support the estimation. However, the use of high-frequency data and continuous regression derived laboratory chlorophyll-a as output in the modeling scenarios enhances learning of peak values as compared to that of the manually sampled data.

Therefore, the hyperparameters of the model are optimized using the Optuna optimization algorithm, which employs complex optimization algorithms to automatically search the hyperparameter space for the greatest combination of hyperparameters that minimizes the mean squared error. The optimization process involves using different random training datasets to develop the models, enabling the realization of optimized parameters using the Optuna package. The distribution of the parameters slightly varies with each modeling scenario, and the number of estimators required to optimize the model hyperparameters varies with the modeling scenario.