Based on the provided context, there is no direct information about the data annotation techniques used in a deep learning pipeline for the specific study related to valve gaping in shellfish. However, I can provide a general explanation of some common data annotation techniques used in deep learning, which could be applied in similar studies.

Data annotation is a crucial step in supervised deep learning, where human annotators manually label or segment the data to train the model. Some common data annotation techniques include:

1. Image classification: This is the simplest form of data annotation, where annotators assign a class label to an entire image. For instance, in the context of shellfish, an image could be labeled as 'open valve' or 'closed valve'.
2. Bounding box annotation: In this technique, annotators draw a bounding box around the object of interest in an image. This helps the deep learning model to locate and classify the object within the image. For example, bounding boxes could be used to annotate the valve area in images of shellfish.
3. Semantic segmentation: This is a more advanced form of data annotation, where annotators draw precise boundaries around each instance of the object of interest in an image. This results in a pixel-wise classification of the image. Semantic segmentation could be used to annotate the exact valve gaping area in images of shellfish.
4. Instance segmentation: Similar to semantic segmentation, instance segmentation involves drawing precise boundaries around each instance of the object of interest. However, it also distinguishes between different instances of the same object. Instance segmentation could be used to annotate individual shellfish and their corresponding valve gaping areas in complex images.
5. Keypoint annotation: In this technique, annotators mark specific points or keypoints on an object within an image. For example, keypoint annotation could be used to mark the edges of the valve in images of shellfish.

The choice of data annotation technique depends on the specific problem and the desired output of the deep learning model. In the context of the provided study, bounding box annotation or semantic/instance segmentation could be used to annotate the valve gaping area in images of shellfish. However, the context does not provide specific details about the data annotation techniques used in their deep learning pipeline.