Answer:::

The strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves the use of a hybrid method that combines Least Squares (LS), Genetic Algorithms (GA), and Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) techniques. In the first step, the Least Squares method, along with Genetic Algorithms, is used to estimate the model parameters directly from field data. This step aims to explore the space of the parameters and find an optimal value of the parameters by minimizing the error. The Genetic Algorithm used in this step is based on an iterative optimization process, where the first quarter of the best fit parameter values stored in the database is considered as input for the process.

Once the Least Squares and Genetic Algorithm method has provided a preliminary optimization of the parameter values, the second step involves the use of the MCMC approach to find the statistical distribution of the parameters. This step tunes the parameter estimation, providing the statistical distribution and, accordingly, the uncertainty associated with every single parameter.

During the training process, the model performance is monitored by comparing the estimated parameter values with the actual field data. The LS method produces results similar to the Maximum Likelihood Estimation (MLE) under the hypothesis that the statistical distribution of the errors is Gaussian. The best single estimation via MCMC is usually the MLE estimation of the parameters. Although these two methodologies are based on different mathematical backgrounds, their joint use can be of great help in the model parameters estimation from field data.

In summary, the strategy implemented to monitor the model performance during training involves the use of a hybrid method that combines Least Squares, Genetic Algorithms, and Markov Chain Monte Carlo techniques. This method provides a preliminary optimization of the parameter values, followed by a tuning of the parameter estimation to find the statistical distribution and uncertainty associated with every single parameter. The model performance is monitored by comparing the estimated parameter values with the actual field data.